UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
37232,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/09/segro-plc-lonsgro-insider-carol-fairweather-buys-8000-shares/,SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO) Insider Carol Fairweather Buys 8 000 Shares,SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) insider Carol Fairweather bought 8 000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday  March 7th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 878 ($11.14) per share  with a total value of £70 2…,SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) insider Carol Fairweather bought 8 000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday  March 7th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 878 ($11.14) per share  with a total value of £70 240 ($89 148.37).SEGRO Price PerformanceShares of LON SGRO opened at GBX 891 ($11.31) on Friday. SEGRO Plc has a twelve month low of GBX 675 ($8.57) and a twelve month high of GBX 913 ($11.59). The company has a current ratio of 0.88  a quick ratio of 0.62 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 49.70. The company has a market capitalization of £11.94 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of -327.57  a PEG ratio of 2.12 and a beta of 0.73. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 858.13 and a two-hundred day moving average of GBX 800.57.Get SEGRO alerts:SEGRO Increases DividendThe firm also recently declared a dividend  which will be paid on Friday  May 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday  March 14th will be issued a GBX 19.10 ($0.24) dividend. This represents a yield of 2.29%. This is an increase from SEGRO’s previous dividend of $8.70. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday  March 14th. SEGRO’s dividend payout ratio is presently -1 029.41%.Wall Street Analyst Weigh InA number of brokerages recently issued reports on SGRO. Berenberg Bank increased their target price on shares of SEGRO from GBX 863 ($10.95) to GBX 940 ($11.93) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday  February 22nd. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of SEGRO in a research report on Wednesday  February 28th.View Our Latest Report on SEGROSEGRO Company Profile(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.4 million square metres of space (112 million square feet) valued at £20.7 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Insider Carol Fairweather', 'SEGRO Plc', 'SGRO', '8,000 Shares', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '50-day moving average', '10.4 million square metres', 'concise daily summary', 'Get Free Report', 'London Stock Exchange', 'SEGRO Price Performance', 'dividend payout ratio', 'SEGRO Company Profile', 'average price', 'email address', 'SEGRO Daily', 'target price', 'research report', 'Latest Report', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'Carol Fairweather', 'total value', 'twelve month', 'market capitalization', 'ex-dividend date', 'Berenberg Bank', 'hold” rating', 'Shore Capital', 'buy” rating', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'SEGRO Plc', 'SEGRO alerts', 'SEGRO Increases', 'previous dividend', 'latest news', 'March 14th', 'LON SGRO', 'insider', '8,000 shares', 'firm', 'transaction', 'Thursday', 'GBX', 'Friday', 'debt', 'beta', 'May', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'yield', 'number', 'brokerages', 'reports', 'February', 'Wednesday', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers', 'Ratings', 'analysts']",2024-03-09,2024-03-10,etfdailynews.com
37233,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/09/axxcess-wealth-management-llc-makes-new-investment-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Axxcess Wealth Management LLC Makes New Investment in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Axxcess Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 801 …,Axxcess Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 801 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $211 000.A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of PSA. Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new stake in Public Storage during the first quarter worth $26 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at $29 000. Live Oak Investment Partners bought a new position in shares of Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at $34 000. Avior Wealth Management LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 49.5% during the third quarter. Avior Wealth Management LLC now owns 145 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $38 000 after acquiring an additional 48 shares during the period. Finally  Aspire Private Capital LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 44.0% during the third quarter. Aspire Private Capital LLC now owns 144 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $38 000 after acquiring an additional 44 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsA number of brokerages have issued reports on PSA. Evercore ISI lifted their price objective on Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a report on Monday  November 27th. The Goldman Sachs Group lifted their price objective on Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday  January 11th. Truist Financial lifted their price objective on Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday  December 28th. Scotiabank began coverage on Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  February 13th. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $267.00 price objective for the company. Finally  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft assumed coverage on Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  five have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  the company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $293.00.Insiders Place Their BetsIn other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total transaction of $74 775.05. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now directly owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 674 135.57. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is accessible through the SEC website. In other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total transaction of $74 775.05. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now directly owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 674 135.57. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is accessible through the SEC website. Also  Director John Reyes sold 50 000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday  December 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $275.98  for a total value of $13 799 000.00. Following the transaction  the director now owns 174 192 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $48 073 508.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Stock PerformancePublic Storage stock opened at $293.13 on Friday. The stock has a 50-day simple moving average of $288.22 and a 200 day simple moving average of $274.73. The company has a quick ratio of 0.62  a current ratio of 0.62 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.58. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $233.18 and a 12-month high of $316.48. The stock has a market capitalization of $51.50 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.50  a P/E/G ratio of 3.76 and a beta of 0.54.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.15 by ($1.94). The firm had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 35.31% and a net margin of 45.34%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year  the firm posted $4.16 earnings per share. On average  research analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.91 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  March 28th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday  March 13th will be issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday  March 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.09%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is currently 108.50%.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Axxcess Wealth Management LLC', 'New Investment', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'Axxcess Wealth Management LLC', 'Avior Wealth Management LLC', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Aspire Private Capital LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Live Oak Investment Partners', '50-day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'other Public Storage news', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'One research analyst', 'other institutional investors', 'sector perform” rating', 'Director John Reyes', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'consensus target price', 'New Price Targets', 'quarterly earnings data', 'Get Free Report', 'average price', 'average rating', 'consensus estimate', 'new position', 'new stake', 'price objective', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'Evercore ISI', 'buy” rating', 'Truist Financial', 'December 28th', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'total value', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'net margin', 'third quarter', 'first quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'SEC website', 'hold rating', 'equity ratio', '12-month low', 'total transaction', 'additional 48 shares', 'additional 44 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', 'Company insiders', 'PSA.', '801 shares', '145 shares', '144 shares', '265 shares', '13,021 shares', '50,000 shares', '174,192 shares', 'number', 'holdings', 'period', 'Analysts', 'brokerages', 'reports', 'line', 'Monday', 'November', 'Thursday', 'January', 'Scotiabank', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'February', '30th', 'MarketBeat', 'Bets', 'business', 'completion', 'sale', 'document', 'disclosure', 'Friday', 'debt', 'beta', 'firm', 'revenue', 'return', '11.', '35.', '45.']",2024-03-09,2024-03-10,etfdailynews.com
37234,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6837260689066582,First Presentation of Year 4 BIMZELX® (bimekizumab-bkzx) Data Showed Long-Term Maintenance of Complete Skin Clearance in Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis,First Presentation of Year 4 BIMZELX&#xAE; (bimekizumab-bkzx) Data Showed Long-Term Maintenance of Complete Skin Clearance in Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis           PR Newswire           Late-breaking platform presentation showed that BIMZELX   ...,"Late-breaking platform presentation showed that BIMZELX ® (bimekizumab-bkzx) rapidly achieved and maintained high rates of clinical and health-related quality-of-life responses through four years; six out of ten patients achieved complete skin clearance at Year 4(bimekizumab-bkzx) rapidly achieved and maintained high rates of clinical and health-related quality-of-life responses through four years; six out of ten patients achieved complete skin clearance at Year 4 Responder-analyses demonstrated that approximately nine out of ten patients treated with BIMZELX who achieved PASI90 at Week 16  and over seven out of ten patients who achieved complete skin clearance (PASI100) maintained their response to Year 4Four-year safety data showed that treatment-emergent adverse events were consistent or decreased with longer BIMZELX exposure  with no new safety signalsATLANTA   March 9  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced that the first presentations of BIMZELX ® (bimekizumab-bkzx) four-year efficacy and safety data in the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis are being shared this week at the 2024 American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) Annual Meeting in San Diego  California   March 8–12.""We are proud to debut the BIMZELX ® four-year psoriasis data at the world's largest dermatology meeting  showing that the majority of adult patients treated with BIMZELX achieved deep and durable clinical response through four years  with a consistent tolerability profile. These results  from the largest pool of Phase 3 data  closely follow the U.S. launch  and reinforce our belief that BIMZELX has the potential to transform the lives of people with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis "" said Emmanuel Caeymaex  Executive Vice President  Immunology Solutions and Head of U.S.  UCB.""Moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis is a chronic condition with physical skin manifestations that can place a significant burden on a patient's health-related quality-of-life. Analysis shows that through four years of bimekizumab treatment  over six out of ten patients achieved and maintained complete skin clearance  a clinically meaningful endpoint and outcome for patients. These long-term data will be highly welcomed by the dermatology community since they provide important considerations for clinical practice "" said Dr. Bruce Strober   Clinical Professor of Dermatology at Yale University   and Central Connecticut Dermatology  Connecticut   U.S.The late-breaking platform presentation shared BIMZELX pooled data from treatment initiation through four years  showing that high rates of clinical and health-related quality-of-life responses were rapidly achieved and were maintained in the long-term.¹ Responder-analyses showed that approximately nine out of ten patients treated with BIMZELX who achieved ≥90 percent improvement from baseline in the Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI90) and over seven out of ten patients who achieved complete skin clearance (PASI100) at Week 16 maintained their responses to Year 4.² Pooled analysis from five Phase 3/ 3b studies showed that BIMZELX demonstrated good tolerability and a consistent safety profile with no new safety findings identified up to four years in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.³Highlights from the four-year BIMZELX data in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis presented at the 2024 AAD:Treatment initiation through four years: Data were pooled across the 52-week BE VIVID study  the 56-week BE READY and BE SURE studies and their open-label extension (OLE Week 144) BE BRIGHT.¹ Analyzed patients were randomized to BIMZELX 320 mg every four weeks (Q4W) to Week 16  then BIMZELX Q4W or Q8W until OLE entry.¹ Clinical and health-related quality of life (PASI90 and PASI100  body surface area [BSA] ≤1 percent and Dermatology Life Quality Index [DLQI]0/1) responses were assessed through to Year 4 (OLE Week 144).¹ Data are presented below for all patients who received BIMZELX continuously from baseline and entered the OLE (n=771):¹90.9 percent achieved PASI90 at Week 16  and 86.1 percent through to Year 4. 1¥65.8 percent achieved PASI100 at Week 16  and 64.7 percent through to Year 4. 1¥78.5 percent achieved BSA≤1 percent at Week 16  and 79.8 percent through to Year 4. 1¥71.5 percent achieved DLQI0/1 at Week 16  and 78.7 percent through to Year 4. 1 ¥Responder analysis to Year 4: Patients who completed the BE VIVID  BE SURE  and BE READY Phase 3 studies could enter the BE BRIGHT OLE.² Analyzed patients were randomized to BIMZELX 320 mg Q4W to Week 16  then BIMZELX Q4W or Q8W until OLE entry  then BIMZELX Q4W or Q8W dependent on PASI response/prior dose.² Maintenance of PASI90 and PASI100 was assessed in Week 16 responders to Year 4 (OLE Week 144) and is presented below for all patients:²87.7 percent who achieved PASI90 at Week 16 (n=693) maintained their response to Year 4. 2¥73.3 percent who achieved PASI100 at Week 16 (n=503) maintained their response to Year 4. 2¥Safety and tolerability through four years: Data were pooled across the 52-week BE VIVID study  the 56-week BE READY and BE SURE studies  and the OLE studies BE BRIGHT and BE RADIANT. 3 The total BIMZELX exposure was 6 324.3 patient-years (PY) across the studies (n=2 186). 3Exposure-adjusted incidence rates (EAIRs) of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) remained consistent or decreased with longer BIMZELX exposure. Overall  TEAEs occurred at an EAIR of 170.5/100 PY and serious TEAEs at 5.5/100 PY. 3The most common TEAEs were nasopharyngitis (12.7/100 PY)  oral candidiasis (8.9/100 PY)  and upper respiratory tract infections (5.7/100 PY). Oral candidiasis decreased from 18.9/100 PY at Year 1 to 5.4/100 PY at Year 4. 3 Throughout  fewer TEAEs occurred with BIMZELX every 8 weeks (Q8W) (115.4/100 PY) vs. every 4 weeks (Q4W) (224.4/100 PY). 3¥ Modified non-responder imputation analysesNotes to Editors:About BIMZELX (bimekizumab-bkzx)Bimekizumab is a humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody that selectively binds to IL-17A  IL-17F and IL-17AF cytokines  blocking their interaction with the IL-17RA/IL-17RC receptor complex. 4 Elevated levels of IL-17A and IL-17F are found in lesional psoriatic skin. 4BIMZELX is not approved in the U.S. for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis or axial spondyloarthritis and these are investigational indications only.Please see Important Safety Information below and full U.S. prescribing information at www.UCB-USA.com/Innovation/Products/BIMZELX .BIMZELX U.S. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION 4Suicidal Ideation and BehaviorBIMZELX ® (bimekizumab-bkzx) may increase the risk of suicidal ideation and behavior (SI/B). A causal association between treatment with BIMZELX and increased risk of SI/B has not been established. Prescribers should weigh the potential risks and benefits before using BIMZELX in patients with a history of severe depression or SI/B. Advise monitoring for the emergence or worsening of depression  suicidal ideation  or other mood changes. If such changes occur  advise to promptly seek medical attention  refer to a mental health professional as appropriate  and re-evaluate the risks and benefits of continuing treatment.InfectionsBIMZELX may increase the risk of infections. Do not initiate treatment with BIMZELX in patients with any clinically important active infection until the infection resolves or is adequately treated. In patients with a chronic infection or a history of recurrent infection  consider the risks and benefits prior to prescribing BIMZELX. Instruct patients to seek medical advice if signs or symptoms suggestive of clinically important infection occur. If a patient develops such an infection or is not responding to standard therapy  monitor the patient closely and do not administer BIMZELX until the infection resolves.TuberculosisEvaluate patients for tuberculosis (TB) infection prior to initiating treatment with BIMZELX. Avoid the use of BIMZELX in patients with active TB infection. Initiate treatment of latent TB prior to administering BIMZELX. Consider anti-TB therapy prior to initiation of BIMZELX in patients with a past history of latent or active TB in whom an adequate course of treatment cannot be confirmed.Closely monitor patients for signs and symptoms of active TB during and after treatment.Liver Biochemical AbnormalitiesElevated serum transaminases were reported in clinical trials with BIMZELX. Test liver enzymes  alkaline phosphatase and bilirubin at baseline  periodically during treatment with BIMZELX and according to routine patient management. If treatment-related increases in liver enzymes occur and drug-induced liver injury is suspected  interrupt BIMZELX until a diagnosis of liver injury is excluded. Permanently discontinue use of BIMZELX in patients with causally associated combined elevations of transaminases and bilirubin. Avoid use of BIMZELX in patients with acute liver disease or cirrhosis.Inflammatory Bowel DiseaseCases of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) have been reported in patients treated with IL-17 inhibitors  including BIMZELX. Avoid use of BIMZELX in patients with active IBD. During BIMZELX treatment  monitor patients for signs and symptoms of IBD and discontinue treatment if new onset or worsening of signs and symptoms occurs.ImmunizationsPrior to initiating therapy with BIMZELX  complete all age-appropriate vaccinations according to current immunization guidelines. Avoid the use of live vaccines in patients treated with BIMZELX.Most Common Adverse ReactionsMost common adverse reactions (≥1 percent) are upper respiratory infections  oral candidiasis  headache  injection site reactions  tinea infections  gastroenteritis  Herpes Simplex Infections  acne  folliculitis  other Candida infections  and fatigue.For further information  contact UCB:Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14email antje.witte@ucb.comU.S. CommunicationsErica PuntelT +1.770.970.8465email erica.puntel@ucb.comAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium ( www.ucb.com ) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 9 000 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of €5.3 billion in 2023. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCBUSA.Forward looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward.Products or potential products  which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.References1. Strober B. 2024 AAD. Oral Presentation.2. Blauvelt A  Foley P  Langley RG  et al. Bimekizumab 4-year maintenance of responses in Week 16 responders with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: Results from the BE BRIGHT open label extension phase 3 trial. Abstract at the 2024 American Academy of Dermatology Annual Meeting  San Diego  CA   U.S.  March 8–12  2024.3. Gordon KB  Thaçi D  Gooderham M  et al. Bimekizumab safety and tolerability in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: Pooled analysis from up to 4 years of treatment in 5 phase 3/ 3b clinical trials. Abstract at the 2024 American Academy of Dermatology Annual Meeting  San Diego  CA   U.S.  March 8–12  2024.4. BIMZELX [prescribing information]. Smyrna  GA : UCB  Inc.View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/first-presentation-of-year-4-bimzelx-bimekizumab-bkzx-data-showed-long-term-maintenance-of-complete-skin-clearance-in-moderate-to-severe-plaque-psoriasis-302084576.htmlSOURCE UCB",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.36,0.26,True,English,"['Complete Skin Clearance', 'Severe Plaque Psoriasis', 'First Presentation', 'Year 4 BIMZELX®', 'Long-Term Maintenance', 'bimekizumab', 'bkzx', 'Data', 'five Phase 3/ 3b studies', 'Psoriasis Area Severity Index', '52-week BE VIVID study', 'Dermatology Life Quality Index', 'READY Phase 3 studies', 'BIMZELX ® four-year psoriasis data', 'body surface area', 'severe plaque psoriasis', 'Late-breaking platform presentation', 'complete skin clearance', 'treatment-emergent adverse events', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Executive Vice President', 'physical skin manifestations', 'Dr. Bruce Strober', '56-week BE READY', 'new safety signals', 'consistent safety profile', 'new safety findings', 'BE SURE studies', 'AAD) Annual Meeting', 'consistent tolerability profile', 'largest dermatology meeting', 'U.S. launch', 'longer BIMZELX exposure', 'Four-year safety data', 'Central Connecticut Dermatology', 'BE BRIGHT OLE', 'four-year BIMZELX data', 'Year 4.² Pooled analysis', 'durable clinical response', 'Phase 3 data', 'four-year efficacy', 'largest pool', 'health-related quality', 'dermatology community', 'high rates', 'four years', 'first presentations', '2024 American Academy', 'San Diego', 'Emmanuel Caeymaex', 'Immunology Solutions', 'chronic condition', 'significant burden', 'meaningful endpoint', 'long-term data', 'important considerations', 'Yale University', 'long-term.¹ Responder-analyses', 'good tolerability', 'open-label extension', 'OLE entry', 'Responder analysis', 'prior dose', 'treatment initiation', 'BIMZELX 320 mg', 'life responses', 'clinical practice', 'Clinical Professor', 'ten patients', 'adult patients', 'BIMZELX Q4W', 'Year 4 Responder-analyses', '≥90 percent improvement', 'OLE Week', 'Week 16 responders', 'bimekizumab treatment', 'BSA≤1 percent', '2024 AAD', '90.9 percent', '86.1 percent', '65.8 percent', '78.5 percent', '79.8 percent', '71.5 percent', '87.7 percent', '73.3 percent', 'bkzx', 'six', 'nine', 'PASI90', 'seven', 'PASI100', 'ATLANTA', 'PRNewswire', 'UCB', 'adults', 'California', 'world', 'majority', 'deep', 'results', 'belief', 'potential', 'lives', 'people', 'moderate', 'Head', 'outcome', 'baseline', 'Highlights', 'Analyzed', 'Q8W', 'DLQI', 'Maintenance', '¥', '64.7', '78.7']",2024-03-09,2024-03-10,investorsobserver.com
37235,EuroNext,Bing API,https://euroweeklynews.com/2024/03/10/netherlands-firms-ready-to-go/,Netherlands firms ready to go,More than 10 companies listed on Euronext  the Amsterdam stock exchange  are considering a move from the Netherlands.,By Linda Hall • Published: 10 Mar 2024 • 10:00EURONEXT BUILDING: Some Netherlands companies allegedly thinking of delisting Photo credit: CC/BootuitjesMore than 10 companies listed on Euronext  the Amsterdam stock exchange  are considering a move from the Netherlands.Speaking to De Telegraaf  Ingrid Thijssen  chair of the Confederation of Netherlands Industry and Employers (VNO-NCW)  confirmed that “a lot” of listed companies were contemplating a move.“You need at least two hands to count them ” she said.Companies were concerned about the Netherlands’ business climate  with the likelihood of more taxes and restrictions on immigrant labour  Thijssen added.She declined to name the companies  but ASML  a world leader in manufacturing chip-making machines  announced recently that it would inevitably look outside the country for future growth.The company  which had a record turnover of €27.6 billion in 2023  is unimpressed by the government’s intentions of limiting the number of foreigners allowed to work in the Netherlands  as approximately 9 000 of ASML’s 22 860 employees in the Netherlands are not Dutch.“We can only grow this company if there are enough qualified people ” ASML’s chief executive Peter Wennink said during an RTL Z interview in January.“But if we cannot get those people here  we will get them in Eastern Europe  Asia or the US.”Boskalis  a dredging company  revealed on March 7 that it intended to relocate part of its headquarters to Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates).The list of companies preparing to leave was getting longer  Thijssen said  describing the situation as “very worrying.”Like Wennink  Henk Volberda  professor of Strategy and Innovation at the University of Amsterdam  foresaw a future shortage of “highly-knowledgeable” workers from outside the country.Combined with moves to teach university courses entirely in Dutch  Volberda was quoted in the media as saying that the business community faced an “accumulation of financial deterioration.”,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['Netherlands firms', 'chief executive Peter Wennink', 'manufacturing chip-making machines', 'RTL Z interview', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Amsterdam stock exchange', 'enough qualified people', 'Netherlands’ business climate', 'business community', 'Linda Hall', 'Photo credit', 'De Telegraaf', 'two hands', 'immigrant labour', 'world leader', 'future growth', 'record turnover', 'Eastern Europe', 'Abu Dhabi', 'future shortage', 'knowledgeable” workers', 'financial deterioration', 'Netherlands Industry', 'EURONEXT BUILDING', 'Henk Volberda', 'university courses', 'Ingrid Thijssen', 'listed companies', 'dredging company', 'Netherlands companies', '10 companies', '10 Mar', 'CC/Bootuitjes', 'More', 'move', 'chair', 'Confederation', 'Employers', 'VNO-NCW', 'lot', 'likelihood', 'taxes', 'restrictions', 'ASML', 'country', 'government', 'intentions', 'number', 'foreigners', '22,860 employees', 'January', 'Asia', 'Boskalis', 'March', 'part', 'headquarters', 'situation', 'professor', 'Strategy', 'Innovation', 'Dutch', 'media', 'accumulation']",2024-03-10,2024-03-10,euroweeklynews.com
37236,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/politics/michael-mcgrath-it-is-in-all-of-our-interests-to-have-a-cordial-relationship-with-britain/,Michael McGrath: ‘It is in all of our interests to have a cordial relationship with Britain’,The minister took a UK budget-week trip to London where he met with the Bank of England and Irish stock exchange operator Euronext,The minister took a UK budget-week trip to London where he met with the Bank of England and Irish stock exchange operator EuronextOf the two finance ministers in London on Britain’s Budget Day  one was definitely more relaxed.Michael McGrath arrived in the English capital on Wednesday to cheer-lead the success of Irish business  for a three-day trip that included a meeting with Andrew Bailey  the Bank of England Governor  and an event with Irish stock exchange operator Euronext.Only a few kilometres away in the Houses of Parliament  British chancellor Jeremy Hunt was eeking out tax ...,neutral,0.35,0.63,0.02,positive,0.64,0.33,0.03,True,English,"['Michael McGrath', 'cordial relationship', 'interests', 'Britain', 'British chancellor Jeremy Hunt', 'Irish stock exchange operator', 'two finance ministers', 'UK budget-week trip', 'Irish business', 'three-day trip', 'Budget Day', 'Michael McGrath', 'English capital', 'Andrew Bailey', 'England Governor', 'London', 'Bank', 'Euronext', 'Britain', 'Wednesday', 'success', 'meeting', 'event', 'Houses', 'Parliament', 'tax']",2024-03-10,2024-03-10,businesspost.ie
37237,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/news/fbd-investors-could-be-in-line-for-another-special-dividend/,FBD investors could be in line for another special dividend,“If you talk to your brokers now that doesn't exist  you can access that capital just as easily on the Euronext. Its usefulness to us is non-existent. It makes no difference to your average shareholder now  so it makes sense to us [to leave] from an ...,The insurer is also looking to exit the London Stock Exchange in a boost to Euronext DublinSince 2021 insurer FBD has proved itself as a reliable source of income with a steady €36 million issued in its annual dividend.It might also start getting a reputation for distributing extra cash as Tomás O'Midheach  the company’s chief executive  hinted it may deliver a special dividend mid-way through the year if market conditions remain attractive.The Irish-owned company reported strong results on Friday with profits climbing 23.6 per cent in 2023 to €81.4 million while insurance revenues rose 5.6 per cent to €413 million. The robust results allowed the company to declare a dividend of 100 cents per share  in line with the amount delivered in 2022 and 2021.FBD is also sitting on between €95 million to €120 million in excess capital  according to analyst estimates. The insurer is required to hold between 150 to 170 per cent as its solvency capital ratio  or cash needed to meet potential redemptions. According to the results its holding 213 per cent after paying the 2023 dividend.O’Midheach told the Business Post the company is “considering the capital position and the fact that it has an excess”.He said FBD could look to move the ratio back toward the 170 per cent by distributing capital to shareholders depending on the trading position at half-year. This was the case last year when the company paid out an extra €35.8 million special dividend to shareholders in October after half-year results came in strong.“We would have a positive perspective on the economy at the moment ” O’Midheach said. “I don't see any significant events that will change that. Although we always have to caveat this because  you know  anything can happen.”The annual results echoed the chief executive’s optimistic outlook however it cautioned the labour market could remain tight and that could hold back its growth expectations.The results also highlighted that personal injury guidelines are being challenged in the Supreme Court and depending on the outcome there could be an increase in the compensation paid out by firms. However  O’Midheach does not expect this to occur and if it did the impact would depend on how the judgment is handed down.FBD added the average cost of motor damage claims will continue to increase  with more electric and hybrid vehicles on the roads leading to higher cost of repairs. In 2023  the company increased the premiums it charged for motor vehicles by 2.9 per cent for private and 3.6 per cent for commercial to offset the rising costs.Flood protection is also increasingly becoming a concern for the Irish insurance market. FBD uses a modelling service to mitigate the risk to the business.This means it does not offer full cover to some of its customers if there is a “very high degree of certainty they will be exposed to flood risk ” Kate Tobin  chief financial officer  said.“98 per cent of our customers that have property insurance have flood cover. Flood events are usually relatively infrequent and a relatively small number of customers.”Since 2021 when FBD re-instated its annual dividend after a gap in 2020  the share price has risen 65 per cent  with 11.05 per cent growth since the start of 2023.Farewell FTSEIn an unusual move  FBD is also looking to ditch its London-listing in favour of the Iseq All Share.The company said this was in part because of expense holding the dual listing and as there was minimal trading of its shares on the London Stock Exchange.“At a point in time  there was a sense that you could access capital more easily in London by being listed on the London Stock Exchange ” O'Midheach said.“If you talk to your brokers now that doesn't exist  you can access that capital just as easily on the Euronext. Its usefulness to us is non-existent. It makes no difference to your average shareholder now  so it makes sense to us [to leave] from an administrative perspective.”O’Midheach said he was unconcerned about the exodus of companies from Dublin’s exchange which has lost big names such as CRH and Flutter  with Smurfit Kappa due to depart soon.The announcement by FDB will be a welcome sign of confidence in the Euronext. It also got backing from Michael McGrath  the minister for finance  this week who said he would work with the stock exchange.“I indicated a willingness to work with Euronext in Dublin to see what we can do to seek to rejuvenate the equity market in Dublin because I do see it as offering a significant amount of potential as a source of capital for businesses in Ireland ” he told the Business Post in an interview.Market BriefsShares fall at Irish Ferries’ owner after ICG fails to hit targets Shares in Irish Continental Group (ICG)  the transport firm that owns Irish Ferries  fell last week as investors reacted to the company’s 2023 financial performance  which saw it report lower revenues but a modest increase in profits.Announcing full-year results on Thursday  John McGuckian  chair of ICG  lamented the company’s performance last year and said the business had not achieved all it set out to at the beginning of 2023.ICG’s share price in London slumped almost 8 per cent last on the London stock exchange  after it reported a 2 per cent drop in revenues to €572 million for 2023. Despite the lower sales  ICG did record a modest increase in profits  with earnings (Ebitda) rising 4 per cent year on year to €136 million. Earnings per share rose 7.7 per cent to 36.2 cent.McGuckian said 2023 was supposed to be a year focused on “maximising the opportunities that had arisen for the group over the last few years”.Shares in Origin group slump on the back of weak trading outlook Shares in Origin Enterprises  the Dublin-listed agri-services group  slumped almost 8 per cent this week after the company reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of its 2024 financial year due to challenging weather conditions in its key markets.On Tuesday last week  the company reported an operating profit of €12.7 million for the six months to the end of January 2024  which was down 37 per cent on the previous year. Pre-tax profits in the business more than halved during the period to €5.3 million  as overall revenues declined 28 per cent to just under €855 million.Origin blamed the weaker results on “challenging” weather conditions in Europe which hampered planting this year  as well as weaker prices for key grain commodities. Sean Coyle  the company’s chief executive  described the group’s half year performance as “solid” in the context of a “very strong H1 2023 performance”.Tullow Oil reports double-digit fall in underlying earnings Tullow Oil  the London-listed oil and gas exploration company  failed to ignite its share price this week after reporting a double-digit decline in underlying profits due to weaker oil prices. The company  which is headquartered in London  reported underlying earnings of $1.15 billion for 2023  which was down 22 per cent on the previous year  reflecting the fall in oil prices. After booking a charge of more than $100 million due to oil price movements  Tullow Oil ended the year with a pre-tax loss of $110 million — a significant swing from the $48 million profit it made in 2022. Overall  revenues at the group fell more than 8 per cent to $1.63 billion due to weaker energy prices. Shares in Tullow Oil are down more than 25 per cent so far this year  valuing the group at less than €500. million.Market Wrap• European stock markets found some upward momentum at the end of last week  as traders started betting that the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank will cut rates at the same time.On Friday  the euro jumped more than 1 per cent against the US dollar in response to the bets to post its best week of 2024. In Dublin  the Iseq Index ended the week 1.4 per cent higher after a slew of results sent mixed messages to the market.AIB was up 2.3 per cent since the start of the week  while PTSB was down more than 9 per cent at the end of the week after its full year results disappointed investors. Shares in FBD Insurance fell almost 4 per cent at the end of last week after the insurer reported 2023 numbers but failed to announce any extra capital returns for shareholders.• In London  the FTSE ended the week 0.3 per cent higher as investors were broadly unimpressed by the 2024 budget presented by Jeremy Hunt  chancellor of the exchequer. Meanwhile in the US  the benchmark S&P 500 struggled to find direction after new figures showed an unexpected uptick in the US unemployment rate to 3.9 per cent.“It looks like the jobs market is a bit softer  which fits in with expectations for a cut in rates sooner rather than later ” Neil Birrell  chief investment officer at Premier Miton  said.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.31,0.48,True,English,"['FBD investors', 'special dividend', 'line', ""Tomás O'Midheach"", 'extra €35.8 million special dividend', 'personal injury guidelines', 'Irish Continental Group', 'motor damage claims', 'Irish Ferries’ owner', 'Iseq All Share', 'chief financial officer', '150 to 170 per cent', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Irish insurance market', '11.05 per cent growth', 'solvency capital ratio', 'steady €36 million', 'O’Midheach', '2.9 per cent', '3.6 per cent', '98 per cent', 'extra cash', 'growth expectations', 'motor vehicles', 'chief executive', 'insurance revenues', 'property insurance', 'market conditions', 'labour market', 'equity market', 'Market Briefs', 'annual dividend', 'analyst estimates', 'trading position', 'positive perspective', 'significant events', 'optimistic outlook', 'Supreme Court', 'average cost', 'hybrid vehicles', 'higher cost', 'rising costs', 'Flood protection', 'modelling service', 'full cover', 'high degree', 'Kate Tobin', 'flood cover', 'Flood events', 'small number', 'share price', 'Farewell FTSE', 'unusual move', 'dual listing', 'minimal trading', 'average shareholder', 'administrative perspective', 'big names', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'welcome sign', 'Michael McGrath', 'transport firm', '2023 financial performance', 'lower revenues', 'John McGuckian', 'strong results', 'robust results', 'annual results', 'full-year results', 'capital position', 'reliable source', 'potential redemptions', 'Business Post', 'flood risk', 'significant amount', 'modest increase', 'half-year results', 'Irish-owned company', 'excess capital', 'Euronext Dublin', 'insurer FBD', '2023 dividend', 'boost', 'income', 'reputation', 'Friday', 'profits', '100 cents', 'fact', 'shareholders', 'case', 'October', 'economy', 'moment', 'outcome', 'compensation', 'firms', 'impact', 'judgment', 'electric', 'roads', 'repairs', 'premiums', 'private', 'commercial', 'concern', 'customers', 'certainty', 'gap', 'start', 'London-listing', 'favour', 'part', 'expense', 'shares', 'point', 'time', 'sense', 'brokers', 'usefulness', 'difference', 'exodus', 'companies', 'CRH', 'Flutter', 'announcement', 'FDB', 'confidence', 'minister', 'finance', 'willingness', 'businesses', 'Ireland', 'interview', 'ICG', 'targets', 'investors', 'Thursday', 'chair', '2021']",2024-03-10,2024-03-10,businesspost.ie
37238,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40292826,Paris wheat holds above lows  Polish prices stable,May milling wheat  the most active position on Paris-based Euronext  settled 0.8% higher at 193.50 euros ($211.63) a metric ton. It had struck on Wednesday a lowest second-month price since September 2020 at 188.00 euros before rebounding.,PARIS: Euronext wheat futures edged higher on Friday  holding above 3-1/2 year lows as traders watched to see if current prices would stir more demand.Participants were also adjusting positions before Monday’s expiry of March futures. The market showed little immediate reaction to monthly world crop forecasts from the US Department of Agriculture (USDA)  with the report seen broadly in line with expectations.May milling wheat  the most active position on Paris-based Euronext  settled 0.8% higher at 193.50 euros ($211.63) a metric ton. It had struck on Wednesday a lowest second-month price since September 2020 at 188.00 euros before rebounding.,positive,0.58,0.41,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.84,0.13,True,English,"['Paris wheat', 'Polish prices', 'lows', 'monthly world crop forecasts', '3-1/2 year lows', 'little immediate reaction', 'May milling wheat', 'lowest second-month price', 'Euronext wheat futures', 'March futures', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'current prices', 'US Department', 'active position', 'metric ton', 'Friday', 'traders', 'demand', 'Participants', 'positions', 'Monday', 'expiry', 'market', 'Agriculture', 'USDA', 'report', 'line', 'expectations', '193.50 euros', 'Wednesday', 'September', '188.00 euros']",2024-03-10,2024-03-10,brecorder.com
