UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
35807,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/591961-no-hurry-seize-russian-funds/,EU in ‘no rush’ to seize Russian assets – commissioner,EU Economy Commissioner Paolo Gentiloni has said the bloc is in no big hurry to seize Russian funds for transfer to Kiev Read Full Article at RT.com,Unblocking €50 billion for Ukraine has bought the bloc some time  Paolo Gentiloni has saidThe European Union is cautious about calls to seize Russian sovereign funds  EU Economy Commissioner Paolo Gentiloni told the Financial Times on Tuesday.The US and its allies froze an estimated $300 billion in Russian assets in February 2022  citing the military operation against Ukraine. There have been calls to confiscate these funds outright and hand them over to Kiev. Most recently  the Belgian government proposed creating a “special purpose vehicle” that would use the funds as collateral in case Russia refuses to pay the reparations Ukraine has demanded.”We have a very gradual approach. We go step by step... at the moment we took one single decision ” EU Economy Commissioner Paolo Gentiloni told the FT  referring to the move to seize an estimated $5 billion in interest from the frozen assets.“We need common decisions and solidarity at the G7 level  but at the same time this is especially a European issue  because the assets are mostly here ” the Italian politician added.The US has pushed for confiscation because its own $60 billion funding package had stalled in Congress. Last week  however  Hungary withdrew its veto of the EU’s plan to send Kiev €50 billion ($53.7 billion) over the next four years  after pressure from Brussels.“The fact that we decided and possibly the US is also deciding on financial support [for Ukraine] gives us a little bit more time to avoid addressing these issues in a rushed way ” Gentiloni told FT.The bulk of the Russian assets are held by the Belgium-based clearing house Euroclear. The bloc’s officials have repeatedly acknowledged fears of what impact Moscow’s retaliation might have on both Euroclear and the EU currency itself.”We're entering uncharted waters ” Politico quoted an unnamed EU diplomat as saying on Monday. “Anyone would be worried about the potential consequences of asset confiscation.”Russia has protested the freezing of assets as illegal and inappropriate  while making it clear that their seizure would be tantamount to “theft” and result in consequences. Moscow will respond in kind  Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov has said  adding he does not expect “any sensible actions or steps from Western adversaries.”Anyone who makes such a move will face “decades” of lawsuits  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday. “Encroachment on someone else’s property undermines the foundations of the entire economic system ” he added.,neutral,0.12,0.55,0.33,negative,0.03,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'EU', 'rush', 'commissioner', 'Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov', 'EU Economy Commissioner Paolo Gentiloni', 'special purpose vehicle', 'one single decision', '$60 billion funding package', 'next four years', 'Belgium-based clearing house', 'unnamed EU diplomat', 'entire economic system', 'The European Union', 'Russian sovereign funds', 'European issue', 'Financial Times', 'The US', 'military operation', 'Belgian government', 'gradual approach', 'common decisions', 'G7 level', 'Italian politician', 'financial support', 'rushed way', 'uncharted waters', 'sensible actions', 'Western adversaries', 'Kremlin spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'Russian assets', 'frozen assets', 'same time', 'potential consequences', 'asset confiscation', 'Unblocking', 'Ukraine', 'calls', 'Tuesday', 'allies', 'February', 'Kiev', 'collateral', 'case', 'reparations', 'step', 'moment', 'FT', 'move', 'interest', 'solidarity', 'Congress', 'Hungary', 'veto', 'plan', 'pressure', 'Brussels', 'fact', 'issues', 'bulk', 'Euroclear', 'officials', 'fears', 'impact', 'Moscow', 'retaliation', 'currency', 'Politico', 'Monday', 'Anyone', 'freezing', 'seizure', 'kind', 'decades', 'lawsuits', 'Encroachment', 'someone', 'property', 'foundations']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,rt.com
35808,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/currency/US-DOLLAR-RUSSIAN-ROUBLE--2370597/news/EU-cautious-on-idea-of-using-Russian-frozen-assets-as-collateral-45893923/,EU cautious on idea of using Russian frozen assets as collateral,(marketscreener.com) Belgium has proposed to Group of Seven countries to use immobilised Russian central bank assets as collateral to raise debt for the reconstruction of Ukraine  but the idea does not have much European support  European officials said.https…,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium has proposed to Group of Seven (G7) countries to use immobilised Russian central bank assets as collateral to raise debt for the reconstruction of Ukraine  but the idea does not have much European support  European officials said.Belgium is not part of the G7  which comprises the United States  Japan  Canada  Britain  France  Germany and Italy  but has become part of the discussion on what to do with the Russian assets  frozen by the West after Moscow's invasion of Ukraine  because the bulk of the money is held in Belgium.According to the European Commission  there are more than 269 billion euros ($288.85 billion) of Russian assets immobilised in G7 countries  the EU and Australia  of which 200 billion euros are in the EU  mostly in Belgium.The United States  unable to agree on new financial aid to Ukraine because of domestic political infighting  in December floated the idea of confiscating the immobilised Russian money and handing it over to Kyiv.But European Union countries and institutions oppose that  arguing there is no legal basis for seizing sovereign assets of another country and doing so could make investors withdraw from the euro currency.Russia has also warned that if the West seized its money  it would retaliate by confiscating Western assets still in Russia  which some estimate at around $288 billion.This could trigger the collapse of Belgium's Euroclear clearing house  which holds the Russian money  and the bailout of Euroclear could be very costly  officials have said.Belgium's Prime Minister Alexander de Croo told Reuters in January that one of the alternatives could be to use the immobilised assets as collateral for bonds through which the West could raise money for Ukraine.But while the Belgian idea has reached G7 finance ministries as one of the options under discussion  European countries show little enthusiasm for it.""What we know is that using the assets as collateral suffers from the same legal  economic and financial concerns as a confiscation and most legal departments across the G7 consider that "" one European official  close to the issue  said.""Using an asset as a collateral means owning the asset  so  in this case  confiscating it "" the official  who asked not to be named  said. Four other European officials close to the issue agreed with this view.Nor is it clear what entity would issue the bonds and what investors would think of a plan which would clearly entail a default when the bonds mature  with investors getting their money back thanks to the collateral.($1 = 0.9313 euros)(Reporting by Jan Strupczewski; Additional reporting by Giselda Vagnoni and Giuseppe Fonte in Rome; Editing by Susan Fenton)By Jan Strupczewski",neutral,0.15,0.52,0.33,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['EU', 'idea', 'Russian', 'assets', 'collateral', 'Prime Minister Alexander de Croo', 'Four other European officials', 'Russian central bank assets', 'domestic political infighting', 'same legal, economic', 'most legal departments', 'new financial aid', 'G7 finance ministries', 'European Union countries', 'The United States', 'Euroclear clearing house', 'Seven (G7) countries', 'one European official', 'European countries', 'G7 countries', 'legal basis', 'European support', 'European Commission', 'financial concerns', 'Russian assets', 'sovereign assets', 'euro currency', 'Western assets', 'little enthusiasm', 'Jan Strupczewski', 'Additional reporting', 'Giselda Vagnoni', 'Giuseppe Fonte', 'Susan Fenton', 'Russian money', '269 billion euros', '200 billion euros', 'Belgian idea', '0.9313 euros', 'BRUSSELS', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'Group', 'collateral', 'debt', 'reconstruction', 'Ukraine', 'Japan', 'Canada', 'Britain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'discussion', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'bulk', 'Australia', 'December', 'Kyiv', 'institutions', 'country', 'investors', 'collapse', 'bailout', 'January', 'alternatives', 'immobilised', 'bonds', 'options', 'confiscation', 'issue', 'case', 'view', 'entity', 'plan', 'default', 'Rome', 'Editing']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35809,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQ-OYJ-1412428/news/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-45889169/,Notice of the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release6 February 2024  at 8:30 am Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2024 Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 March 2024 at 5:00 p.m. The general meeting is…,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release6 February 2024  at 8:30 amNotice of the Annual General Meeting 2024Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on 21 March 2024 at 5:00 p.m. The general meeting is held without a meeting venue as a real-time virtual meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Finnish Companies Act. Shareholders can exercise their right to vote also by voting in advance. Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting.Further attendance instructions  instructions for voting in advance and for submitting written questions are presented in this notice under section C.A. Matters on the agenda of the AGMAt the AGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2023- Presentation of the review by the CEOThe annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors’ report published by the Company will be available no later than 29 February 2024 on the Company’s website www.eq.fi .7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2023 totalled EUR 59 732 405.70. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 36 894 065.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 22 838 339.74.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.80 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 32 596 558.40 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend will be paid out in two separate installments.The first installment  EUR 0.40 per share shall be paid to those shareholders who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend payment on 25 March 2024. The Board proposes 3 April 2024 as the payment date of the first installment of the dividend.The second installment  EUR 0.40 per share shall be paid in October 2024. The second installment shall be paid to those shareholders who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the divided payment. The Board shall decide the record date and the payment date of the second installment of the divided in its meeting in September 2024. It is contemplated that the record date of the second installment will be 25 September 2024 and that the payment date will be 2 October 2024.After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend does not endanger the liquidity of the company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January – 31 December 202310. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be available on the company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset no later than 29 February 2024.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors  or five persons  if a person proposed by the Shareholders is prevented from being a Board member of the company.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Päivi Arminen  Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors  or if one of the persons proposed by the Shareholders is prevented from being a Board member of the company  such persons who are not prevented from being Board members. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.59 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM.The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe above mentioned decision proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available to shareholders on eQ Plc's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . eQ Plc's Annual Report  containing the Company's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report together with the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the said website no later than 29 February 2024. The proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders for resolutions and other previously mentioned documents will also be available at the AGM.The Minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website no later than 4 April 2024.C. Instructions to the participants of the AGM1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ register (Finnish book-entry account)Each shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 11 March 2024 in the Company’s register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the AGM will begin on 19 February 2024. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the AGM no later than 15 March 2024 by 4:00 pm by which time the registrations must be received. Shareholders may register to the meeting:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetOnline registration require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send registration form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi .When registering  shareholders shall provide requested information  such as their name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number  email address and the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth of any proxy representative. The personal data given by the shareholder to the Company or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.Additional information on the registration is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 am until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 pm until 4:00 pm.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 11 March 2024 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Participation in the AGM also requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 18 March 2024 by 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the AGM nor the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the remote participation  advance voting  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  take care of advance voting on behalf of a holder of nominee-registered shares  at the latest prior to the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder's proxy representative may also register for the AGM and vote in advance as described in this notice:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetOnline registration and advance voting require that the statutory representatives or proxy representatives identify themselves to the electronic registration and voting service in person by using strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate  after which they may continue with the registration and voting on behalf of the shareholder they representb) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder’s representative who registers and/or votes in advance by mail or email shall send registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi .Proxy representative of the shareholder shall in connection with the registration present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. An example of the proxy document and voting instructions is available at the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset on 16 February 2024  9:00 am  the latest. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.The possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to agm@innovatics.fi before the closing of the registration. In addition to the delivery of proxies  the shareholder or their proxy must take care of registering for the AGM as described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the AGM in the virtual general meeting service provided by Inderes Plc  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations .4. Participation instructionsA shareholder who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting can participate in the meeting and use their rights in full and in real-time during the meeting via remote connection.The remote connection to the AGM is provided through Inderes Plc's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Participating the virtual AGM does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking oral questions or speaking turns. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided during registration to all those registered for the Annual General Meeting no later than the day before the meeting. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the meeting's start time.More detailed information about the general meeting service can be found on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . The link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection can be found at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi . It is recommended that you familiarise yourself with the more detailed participation instructions before the start of the AGM.5. Voting in advanceShareholders whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the AGM during the period between 19 February 2024 10:00 a.m. – 15 March 2024 at 4:00 p.m. in the following ways:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetAdvance voting requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder or its statutory representative who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the voting form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi . Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting period ends. Submitting advance votes by mail or email to Innovatics Oy before the due date of the registration period and advance voting constitutes due registration for the AGM provided that the information required above for registration is provided in connection with the advance voting form.A shareholder who has voted in advance and who wants to use their right to present questions under the Companies Act  demand a vote or vote on a possible counter-proposal  must attend the general meeting in person or have their proxy representative participate in the AGM using the remote connection.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager of the custodian. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares that they represent in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee registered shares during the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is deemed to have been presented without amendments at the AGM. Conditions related to the electronic advance voting and other related instructions are available on the Company's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .6. Other instructions/informationThe meeting shall be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are present at the meeting shall have a right to present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting by 7 March 2024 at 4:00 pm at the online registration service or by email to eQ.Yhtiokokous@eq.fi . The company’s management generally answers such questions submitted in writing in advance at the AGM or no later than two weeks after the general meeting on the company's website.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.On the date of this notice  6 February 2024  the total number of eQ Plc's shares and votes is 40 745 698. The Company does not hold its own shares.Helsinki  6 February 2024eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 12.9 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,negative,0.05,0.46,0.49,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'two separate installments', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Päivi Arminen', 'Tomas von Rettig', 'real-time virtual meeting', 'Further attendance instructions', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'current Board members', 'annual accounts', 'eq.fi', 'balance sheet', 'unrestricted equity', 'first installment', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'second installment', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', 'Governing Bodies', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', 'Nicolas Berner', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Timo Kokkila', 'Janne Larma', 'The Board', ""auditors' report"", 'auditors’ report', 'payment date', 'divided payment', 'outstanding shares', 'meeting venue', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'financial year', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'Vice Chair', 'six persons', 'five persons', 'section C', 'parent company', 'Board meeting', 'dividend payment', 'February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'AGM', '21 March', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'right', 'advance', 'writing', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'CEO', 'website', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '25 March', '3 April', 'October', 'September', 'place', 'distribution', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'liability', 'January', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', 'yhtiokokoukset', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', 'composition', '8:30', '5:00']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35810,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823997/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Suominen-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Suominen Corporation,Suominen Corporation’s stock exchange release on February 6  2024  at 10:00 (EET)      Notice is given to the shareholders of Suominen Corporation to...,Suominen Corporation’s stock exchange release on February 6  2024  at 10:00 (EET)Notice is given to the shareholders of Suominen Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 4  2024  at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at Messukeskus (Holiday Inn Helsinki – Expo entrance) at the address Rautatieläisenkatu 3  00520 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 9:00 a.m. After the Meeting  coffee is served  and the shareholders have the opportunity to meet the company's management.The shareholders can also exercise their right to vote by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are shown in this notice to the General Meeting under Section C “Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting”.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2023Review by the President & CEO7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share shall be paid based on the adopted balance sheet regarding the financial year of 2023 and that the profit shall be recorded in retained earnings. Calculated on the basis of the current total amount of shares  a total of EUR 5 769 245.90 would be paid as dividend. The record date for the payment of the dividend is April 8  2024 and the dividend shall be paid on April 15  2024.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report of the company’s organs for 2023 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Companies Act.The remuneration report is available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm no later than three weeks before the General Meeting.11. Remuneration policyThe Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration policy of the company be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Companies Act.The remuneration policy is available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm no later than three weeks before the General Meeting.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Suominen Corporation proposes that the remuneration of the Board of Directors would be as follows: the Chair would be paid an annual fee of EUR 74 000 (2023: EUR 70 000)  the Deputy Chair an annual fee of EUR 45 000 (2023: 33 000) and other Board members an annual fee of EUR 35 000 (2023: EUR 33 000). The Nomination Board also proposes that the additional fee paid to the Chair of the Audit Committee would remain unchanged and be EUR 10 000.Further  the Nomination Board proposes that the fees payable for each Board and Committee meeting would remain unchanged and be as follows: EUR 500 for each meeting held in the home country of the respective member  EUR 1 000 for each meeting held elsewhere than in the home country of the respective member and EUR 500 for each meeting attended by telephone or other electronic means. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.75% of the annual fees is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The shares will be transferred out of the own shares held by the company by the decision of the Board of Directors within two weeks from the date on which the interim report of January-March 2024 of the company is published.Compensation for expenses will be paid in accordance with the company's valid travel policy.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members remains unchanged and would be six (6).14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Andreas Ahlström  Aaron Barsness  Björn Borgman  Nina Linander  and Laura Remes would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and that Charles Héaulmé would be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors.Jaakko Eskola  the current Chair of the Board of Directors  has informed that he is not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Charles Héaulmé (born 1966  B.Sc. (Business Administration)  French citizen) currently works as the President and CEO of Huhtamäki Oyj. Prior to that he has held a number of executive positions at Tetra Pak in Europe and Americas. Charles Héaulmé’s CV is available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm/ .All candidates have given their consent to the election. All candidates are independent of the company. The candidates are also independent of Suominen’s significant shareholders  with the exception of Andreas Ahlström who acts currently as Investment Director at A. Ahlström Corporation. The largest shareholder of Suominen Corporation  Ahlstrom Capital B.V. is a group company of A. Ahlström Corporation. The proposed current members of the Board of Directors are presented at the company website www.suominen.fi/agm .Further  the Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Charles Héaulmé would be elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. In preparing its proposals the Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  has determined that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole also has the best possible expertise for the company and that the composition of the Board of Directors meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor's fee would be paid according to the invoice approved by the company.16. Election of auditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accountant firm  would still be elected as the auditor of the company for the next term of office in accordance with the Articles of Association. Ernst & Young Oy has informed that it will appoint Toni Halonen  Authorized Public Accountant  as the principally responsible auditor of the company  if Ernst & Young Oy is elected as the company’s auditor.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares on the following terms and conditions:By virtue of authorization  the Board of Directors is entitled to decide on repurchasing a maximum of 1 000 000 company’s own shares.The company’s own shares shall be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the holdings of the shareholders by using the non-restricted equity through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition.The shares shall be repurchased and paid in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd.The shares shall be repurchased to be used in the company’s share-based incentive programs  in order to disburse the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for use as consideration in acquisitions related to the company’s business  or to be held by the company  to be conveyed by other means or to be cancelled.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the repurchase of the company’s own shares. The repurchase authorization shall be valid until June 30  2025  and it revokes all earlier authorizations to repurchase company’s own shares.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the share issue and granting of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting that the Board of Directors shall be authorized to decide on the share issue  conveying the company’s own shares held by the company and/or granting of options and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act.By virtue of the proposed authorization  the Board of Directors may  by one or several resolutions  issue a maximum of 5 000 000 shares. The share issue and shares granted by virtue of options and other special rights are included in the aforementioned maximum number. Option and other special rights may not be granted as a part of the company’s remuneration system.The share issue can be made either against payment or without payment and can also be directed to the company itself. The authorization entitles the Board of Directors to issue the shares also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue). The authorization can be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements related to the company's business  to finance investments  to improve the company’s financial structure  as part of the company’s remuneration system or to pay the share proportion of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorizations shall revoke all earlier authorizations regarding share issue and issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other terms and conditions related to the authorizations. The authorizations shall be valid until June 30  2025.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThis notice including all proposals relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting is available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm . The annual report of the company  which includes the company’s financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report  as well as the remuneration report and remuneration policy are available on the above-mentioned website on Thursday  March 14  2024  at the latest. The above-mentioned documents are also available at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on Thursday  April 18  2024  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE GENERAL MEETING1. Registration and right to participate – shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting on March 21  2024 in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the company.Registration for the General Meeting starts on February 13  2024  at 4.00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register and wishes to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than March 27  2024  by 4.00 p.m. (EET) by which time the registration must be received by the company. The shareholder may register for the General Meeting:a) Via the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm .Electronic registration requires for natural persons the shareholder’s or his/her proxy representative’s  and for legal persons  its representative’s or proxy holder’s strong electronic identification (online banking codes or the Mobile ID).b) By regular mail or email.A shareholder registering for the General Meeting by regular mail or email must deliver a registration and advance voting form which is available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm   or corresponding information by regular mail to Innovatics Oy to the address Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi .If a shareholder registers for the General Meeting by regular mail or email to Innovatics Oy  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall constitute a registration for the General Meeting provided that the information required for registration set out in the form is provided.In connection with the registration  the shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as his/her name  date of birth/business identity code and contact information as well as the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth and contact information of the proxy representative. The personal data provided will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of any related necessary registrations.The shareholder  his/her representative or proxy holder must be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place if necessary.2. Registration and right to participate – holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of the shares on the basis of which he/she would have the right to be registered on the record date of the General Meeting on March 21  2024  in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by March 28  2024  by 10.00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request in good time from his/her custodian bank the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the General Meeting as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the date and time mentioned above and where necessary  take care of the advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance as described in this notice.When registering for the General Meeting and possibly voting in advance via the company’s website  the proxy representative must identify him-/herself in the electronic registration service with strong identification  after which he/she can register and  where necessary  vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents.A shareholder’s proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the General Meeting. A template for a proxy document is available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm . If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively by regular mail to Innovatics Oy to the address Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her proxy shall ensure the registration for the General Meeting as described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorization documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service atwww.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the General Meeting in the general meeting service on the company’s website  authorized representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. For more information on the electronic authorizations  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  may also vote in advance on the agenda items 7-18 of the General Meeting between February 13  2024  at 4.00 p.m. and March 27  2024  at 4.00 p.m. (EET). The advance voting is possible:a) Via the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm/ .Logging in to the service is done in the same way as for registration in accordance with Section C. 1. a) of this notice.b) By regular mail or email.A shareholder voting in advance by regular mail or email must deliver a registration and advance voting form which is available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm/   or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by regular mail to the address Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi . The delivery must be received by March 27  2024  by 4.00 p.m. (EET).If a shareholder votes in advance by regular mail or email to Innovatics Oy  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall also constitute a registration for the General Meeting provided that the shareholder’s message contains the information required in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.A shareholder who has voted in advance may not use the right to ask questions or to demand a vote in accordance with the Companies Act unless the shareholder participates in the General Meeting at the meeting venue his-/herself or through a proxy representative.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast the advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the General Meeting.5. Other informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish. There will be simultaneous interpretation into English.A shareholder present at the General Meeting has a right to ask questions at the General Meeting about matters on the agenda of the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act.Changes in the share ownership after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  Suominen Corporation has a total of 58 259 219 shares and votes.In Helsinki  February 6  2024SUOMINEN CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsSuominen manufactures nonwovens as roll goods for wipes and other applications. Our vision is to be the frontrunner for nonwovens innovation and sustainability. The end products made of Suominen’s nonwovens are present in people’s daily life worldwide. Suominen’s net sales in 2023 were EUR 450.9 million and we have nearly 700 professionals working in Europe and in the Americas. Suominen’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more at www.suominen.fi.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMain mediawww.suominen.fi,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Suominen Corporation', 'Notice', 'stock exchange release', 'other electronic means', 'Andreas Ahlström', 'Björn Borgman', 'Charles Héaulmé', 'Huhtamäki Oyj.', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'valid travel policy', 'Holiday Inn Helsinki', 'consolidated financial statements', 'current total amount', 'The Nomination Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other Board members', 'annual fee', 'The Board', 'Expo entrance', 'Rautatieläisenkatu', 'Section C', 'balance sheet', 'Companies Act', 'Remuneration policy', 'Audit Committee', 'home country', 'respective member', 'two weeks', 'Aaron Barsness', 'Nina Linander', 'Laura Remes', 'new member', 'Jaakko Eskola', 'current Chair', 'B.Sc.', 'Business Administration', 'French citizen', 'executive positions', 'Tetra Pak', 'financial year', 'additional fee', 'Committee meeting', 'interim report', 'Suominen Corporation', 'advance voting', 'record date', 'Deputy Chair', 'Remuneration report', 'A. MATTERS', '00520 Helsinki', 'fees', '10:00 a', '9:00 a', 'February', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Messukeskus', 'address', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'coffee', 'opportunity', 'company', 'management', 'right', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'dividend', 'EUR', 'earnings', 'basis', 'shares', 'payment', 'discharge', 'liability', 'organs', 'accordance', 'website', 'agm', 'three', 'telephone', 'decisions', 'cash', 'January-March', 'Compensation', 'expenses', 'number', 'Chairman', 'Americas', 'CV', '10.', '2023']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35811,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823926/0/en/KRONOS-WORLDWIDE-ANNOUNCES-EARLY-RESULTS-OF-ITS-EXCHANGE-OFFER-AND-CONSENT-SOLICITATION.html,KRONOS WORLDWIDE ANNOUNCES EARLY RESULTS OF ITS EXCHANGE OFFER AND CONSENT SOLICITATION,DALLAS  TEXAS  Feb. 05  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kronos Worldwide  Inc. (NYSE: KRO) (the “Company”) today announced the early tender results in connection with the previously announced (i) offer to certain eligible holders to exchange up to €325 million princ…,DALLAS  TEXAS  Feb. 05  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kronos Worldwide  Inc. (NYSE: KRO) (the “Company”) today announced the early tender results in connection with the previously announced (i) offer to certain eligible holders to exchange up to €325 million principal amount of the outstanding 3.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the “Old Notes”) of Kronos International  Inc.  the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary (the “Issuer”)  for newly issued 9.50% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 of the Issuer (the “New Notes”) plus additional cash consideration  upon the terms and conditions set forth in a Confidential Exchange Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement dated January 23  2024 (the “Exchange Offer”) and (ii) solicitation of consents by such eligible holders to adopt certain proposed amendments (the “Proposed Amendments”) to the indenture governing the Old Notes (the “Existing Indenture”)  which would conform the restrictive covenants in the Existing Indenture to the restrictive covenants of the New Notes (the “Consent Solicitation”).The aggregate principal amount of Old Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn in connection with the Exchange Offer as of 5:00 p.m. Central European Time  on February 5  2024 (the “Early Participation Expiration Date”) is listed in the table below. Tendered Old Notes may no longer be withdrawn except under limited circumstances as required by law.Old Notes to be Exchanged: 3.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2025Principal Amount Outstanding Prior to the Exchange Offer: €400 000 000Maximum Acceptance Amount: As described below(1)Old Note ISIN: XS1680282453 (144A) / XS1680281133 (Reg S)Old Note Common Code: 168028245 (144A) / 168028113 (Reg S) New Notes Description New Notes Coupon Maturity Date Exchange Offer Consideration per €1 000 Old Notes Tendered on or prior to the Early Participation Expiration Date Aggregate Principal Amount Tendered at the Early Participation Expiration Date Aggregate Principal Amount Accepted at the Early Participation Expiration Date 9.50% Senior SecuredNotes due 2029 9.50% March 15  2029 €850 principal amount of New Notes plus a cash payment in an amount equal to €150(2) €374 035 000(3) €325 000 000___________________(1) The “Maximum Acceptance Amount” means the maximum amount of Old Notes that will be accepted in the Exchange Offer  which shall be the principal amount of Old Notes that can be accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer without exceeding €325 000 000 in aggregate principal amount of Old Notes exchanged in connection with the Exchange Offer or redeemed in connection with the Additional New Notes Offering (as defined below) and the application of the proceeds thereof. (2) Per €1 000 principal amount of Old Notes validly offered for exchange (and not validly withdrawn) and accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer  exclusive of any accrued and unpaid interest  which will be paid in cash. (3) The aggregate principal amount of all Old Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn by the Early Participation Expiration Date exceeds the Maximum Acceptance Amount. Therefore  the Company does not expect to accept any additional Old Notes for exchange.Although the Exchange Offer is scheduled to expire at 5:00 p.m.  Central European Time  on February 21  2024  because the aggregate principal amount of Old Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn by the Early Participation Expiration Date exceeds the Maximum Acceptance Amount  the Company does not expect to accept for exchange any tenders of Old Notes after the Early Participation Expiration Date. Any Old Notes tendered after the Early Participation Expiration Date will be promptly credited to the account of the holder thereof maintained at either Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg  and otherwise returned in accordance with the Exchange Offer. Old Notes validly tendered for exchange and not validly withdrawn on or prior to the Early Participation Expiration Date will be accepted in accordance with the proration procedures outlined in the Confidential Exchange Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement.The Company has received the requisite number of consents to adopt the Proposed Amendments with respect to the Old Notes that are subject to the Exchange Oﬀer and Consent Solicitation. Accordingly  it is expected that the Company and the trustee for the Old Notes will execute and deliver a supplemental indenture to amend the Existing Indenture eﬀecting the Proposed Amendments  which supplemental indenture will become operational on the early settlement date  which is expected to be on February 12  2024.As previously announced  concurrently with  but separate from  the Exchange Offer  the Issuer was offering for purchase up to €50 million aggregate principal amount of 9.50% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the “Additional New Notes”) pursuant to a Confidential Offering Memorandum dated January 23  2024 (the “Additional New Notes Offering”)  with such Additional New Notes to be fungible with the New Notes issued in the Exchange Offer  and with proceeds to be used to effect certain redemptions of Old Notes remaining outstanding after the Early Participation Expiration Date. Since Old Notes were tendered in an aggregate amount exceeding the Maximum Acceptance Amount  the Issuer is terminating the Additional New Notes Offering.The Issuer will not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance and delivery of the New Notes in connection with the Exchange Offer. The Old Notes surrendered in connection with the Exchange Offer will be retired and cancelled and will not be reissued.The New Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of other jurisdiction of the United States.The Exchange Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions and will expire at 5:00 p.m.  Central European Time  on February 21  2024 (unless extended).This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or purchase  a solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of tenders or consents with respect to  any security. No offer  solicitation  purchase or sale will be made in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation  purchase or sale would be unlawful. The Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation are being made solely pursuant to the Confidential Exchange Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement and only to such persons and in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law.About the CompanyKronos Worldwide  Inc.  incorporated in Delaware in 1989  is a leading global producer and marketer of value-added titanium dioxide pigments  or TiO 2   a base industrial product used in a wide range of applications. The Company  along with its distributors and agents  sells and provides technical services for its products to approximately 3 000 customers in 100 countries with the majority of its sales in Europe  North America and the Asia Pacific region. The Company believes it has developed considerable expertise and efficiency in the manufacture  sale  shipment and service of its products in domestic and international markets.Forward Looking StatementsThe statements in this release relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that represent management's beliefs and assumptions based on currently available information. These forward-looking statements include  among others  statements about the potential outcome or effect of the Exchange Offer. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  it cannot give any assurances that these expectations will prove to be correct. Such statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could significantly impact expected results  and actual future results could differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially include  but are not limited to  the following:future supply and demand for the Company’s products;the Company’s ability to realize expected cost savings from strategic and operational initiatives;the extent of the dependence of certain of the Company’s businesses on certain market sectors;the cyclicality of the Company’s business;customer and producer inventory levels;unexpected or earlier-than-expected industry capacity expansion;changes in raw material and other operating costs (such as energy and ore costs);changes in the availability of raw materials (such as ore);general global economic and political conditions that harm the worldwide economy  disrupt the Company’s supply chain  increase material and energy costs or reduce demand or perceived demand for its TiO 2 products or impair the Company’s ability to operate its facilities (including changes in the level of gross domestic product in various regions of the world  natural disasters  terrorist acts  global conflicts and public health crises such as COVID-19);products or impair the Company’s ability to operate its facilities (including changes in the level of gross domestic product in various regions of the world  natural disasters  terrorist acts  global conflicts and public health crises such as COVID-19); operating interruptions (including  but not limited to  labor disputes  leaks  natural disasters  fires  explosions  unscheduled or unplanned downtime  transportation interruptions  cyber-attacks  certain regional and world events or economic conditions and public health crises such as COVID-19);competitive products and substitute products;customer and competitor strategies;potential consolidation of competitors;potential consolidation of customers;the impact of pricing and production decisions;competitive technology positions;potential difficulties in upgrading or implementing accounting and manufacturing software systems;the introduction of trade barriers or trade disputes;fluctuations in currency exchange rates (such as changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and each of the euro  the Norwegian krone and the Canadian dollar and between the euro and the Norwegian krone)  or possible disruptions to the Company’s business resulting from uncertainties associated with the euro or other currencies;the Company’s ability to renew or refinance credit facilities;changes in interest rates;the Company’s ability to maintain sufficient liquidity;the ultimate outcome of income tax audits  tax settlement initiatives or other tax matters  including future tax reform;the Company’s ability to utilize income tax attributes  the benefits of which may or may not have been recognized under the more-likely-than-not recognition criteria;environmental matters (such as those requiring compliance with emission and discharge standards for existing and new facilities);government laws and regulations and possible changes therein including new environmental  health and safety or other regulations (such as those seeking to limit or classify TiO 2 or its use); andor its use); and pending or possible future litigation or other actionsShould one or more of these risks materialize (or the consequences of such a development worsen)  or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results could differ materially from those forecasted or expected. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement whether as a result of changes in information  future events or otherwise.** The Company **Kronos Worldwide  Inc. 5430 LBJ Freeway  Suite 1700  Dallas  TX 75240  USA** The Issuer **Kronos International  Inc. 5430 LBJ Freeway  Suite 1700  Dallas  TX 75240  USA** The Dealer Manager and Solicitation Agent **Deutsche Bank AG  London Branch: +44 20 7545 8011 (UK Number) / +1 (855) 287-1922 (Call U.S. Toll-Free) / +1 (212) 250-7527 (US Call Collect)Investor Relations Contact:Bryan A. HanleySenior Vice President & TreasurerTel: (972) 233-1700,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.02,0.46,0.52,True,English,"['KRONOS WORLDWIDE ANNOUNCES', 'EARLY RESULTS', 'EXCHANGE OFFER', 'CONSENT SOLICITATION', 'ITS', 'New Notes Description New Notes Coupon Maturity Date Exchange Offer Consideration', 'Early Participation Expiration Date', 'Additional New Notes Offering', 'Old Note Common Code', 'outstanding 3.75% Senior Secured Notes', 'Confidential Exchange Offering Memorandum', 'additional cash consideration', '€50 million aggregate principal amount', 'early settlement date', 'Confidential Offering Memorandum', 'early tender results', '9.50% Senior Secured Notes', 'Central European Time', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Old Note ISIN', 'additional Old Notes', 'Maximum Acceptance Amount', 'Exchange Oﬀer', 'Tendered Old Notes', 'Consent Solicitation Statement', 'maximum amount', '850 principal amount', '€1,000 principal amount', '€1,000 Old Notes', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Kronos Worldwide', 'eligible holders', 'Kronos International', 'restrictive covenants', 'limited circumstances', 'Reg S', 'cash payment', 'unpaid interest', 'Clearstream Banking', 'S.A.', 'proration procedures', 'requisite number', 'Existing Indenture', 'supplemental indenture', 'Proposed Amendments', 'DALLAS', 'TEXAS', 'NYSE', 'Company', 'connection', 'subsidiary', 'Issuer', 'terms', 'conditions', 'consents', 'February', 'table', 'law', 'XS1680282453', 'XS1680281133', 'application', 'proceeds', 'accrued', 'tenders', 'account', 'Luxembourg', 'accordance', 'The', 'respect', 'trustee', 'purchase', '5:00']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35812,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SUOMINEN-OYJ-1412548/news/Suominen-Corporation-s-Financial-Statements-Release-for-January-1-December-31-2023-Outlook-m-45890043/,Suominen Corporation’s Financial Statements Release for January 1 – December 31  2023: Outlook met in challenging environment -February 06  2024 at 02:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Suominen Corporation Financial Statements Release on February 6  2024 at 9:30 a.m. Suominen Corporation’s Financial Statements Release for January 1 – December 31  2023: Outlook met in challenging environment Key figures  10-12/10-12/1-12…,"Suominen Corporation Financial Statements Release on February 6  2024 at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Suominen Corporation’s Financial Statements Release for January 1 – December 31  2023:Outlook met in challenging environmentKey figures10-12/ 10-12/ 1-12/ 1-12/ 2023 2022 2023 2022 Net sales  EUR million 114.9 133.1 450.9 493.3 Comparable EBITDA  EUR million 5.3 5.0 15.8 15.3 Comparable EBITDA  % 4.6 3.7 3.5 3.1 EBITDA  EUR million 5.3 4.0 11.2 14.3 EBITDA  % 4.6 3.0 2.5 2.9 Comparable operating profit  EUR million 0.7 -0.2 -2.8 -4.2 Comparable operating profit  % 0.6 -0.1 -0.6 -0.8 Operating profit  EUR million 0.7 -5.0 -7.5 -9.0 Operating profit  % 0.6 -3.7 -1.7 -1.8 Profit for the period  EUR million -1.4 -8.8 -12.8 -13.9 Cash flow from operations  EUR million 13.1 15.6 30.7 14.0 Cash flow from operations per share  EUR 0.23 0.27 0.53 0.24 Earnings per share  basic  EUR -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24 Dividend per share  EUR* − − 0.10 0.10 Return on invested capital  rolling 12 months  % − − -4.1 -4.2 Gearing  % − − 35.3 37.4 * 2023 Proposal of the Board to the Annual General MeetingIn this Financial Statements Release  the figures shown in brackets refer to the comparison period last year if not otherwise stated.October–December 2023 in brief:- Net sales decreased by 14% and were EUR 114.9 million (133.1)- Comparable EBITDA was EUR 5.3 million (5.0)- Cash flow from operations was EUR 13.1 million (15.6)Financial year 2023 in brief:- Net sales decreased by 9% and were EUR 450.9 million (493.3)- Comparable EBITDA was EUR 15.8 million (15.3)- Cash flow from operations totaled to EUR 30.7 million (14.0)- Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General meeting a dividend of EUR 0.10 per shareOutlook:Suominen expects that its comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) in 2024 will improve from 2023. In 2023  Suominen’s comparable EBITDA was EUR 15.8 million.Board proposal on distribution of dividend:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General meeting  that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share shall be distributed for the financial year 2023.On February 5  2024  the company had 57 692 459 issued shares  excluding treasury shares. With this number of shares  the total amount of dividends to be distributed would be EUR 5 769 245.90.Tommi Björnman  President and CEO:”Year 2023 was still challenging in terms of the profitability but in the second half our improvement actions started gradually to contribute to the result.Our comparable EBITDA increased slightly from the previous year and was EUR 15.8 million (15.3). After the first half of the year our commercial and operational excellence improvements started to contribute and we were able to improve our sales margins which translated into better EBITDA. We will systematically continue these efforts to improve our financial and operational performance going forward.Our net sales in 2023 were EUR 450.9 million (493.3). The decline from the previous year came mainly from lower sales prices driven by lower raw material prices and minor decline in volumes for the most part due to the closure of Mozzate plant.During the first half of the year  we closed our production in Mozzate  Italy. This decision was made to improve the competitiveness of our European business. We continue our actions to improve operational efficiency in our other plants.The wipes nonwovens market is rapidly transitioning towards more sustainable solutions. In line with our strategy  we have set targets to increase the sales of sustainable products and to continuously innovate new environmentally friendly nonwovens. In 2023 we increased the sales of sustainable products by 79% exceeding our target of 50% increase compared to our base year 2019. We also completed an investment project in Nakkila  Finland  to further strengthen our capabilities in sustainable nonwovens.Our strong ability to innovate and to meet market needs is reflected in the share of new products of our net sales  which exceeded 35%. By new products  we mean products launched less than three years ago.In 2023 we completed the EcoVadis sustainability assessment for the second time and received a silver level rating. We improved our rating by five points and this result places us in the top 5% of companies in the manufacture of other textiles industry rated by EcoVadis.In the end of the year  we announced our new organizational model. The new model strengthens collaboration between our commercial teams and production. Business areas are now responsible for both Sales and Production and that enables us to be more efficient  focused and agile when striving to improve our profitability and serve our customers even better.Looking at the year ahead we see some positive signals from the market and customers. I am confident that ongoing improvement actions and changes will help us in our journey towards profitable growth.Finally  I want to thank all our employees for their commitment and contribution and our business partners for productive cooperation in 2023.”NET SALESOctober–December 2023In the fourth quarter  Suominen’s net sales decreased by 14% from the comparison period to EUR 114.9 million (133.1). Sales volumes increased slightly from the comparison period while sales prices decreased clearly driven by the lower raw material prices. Currencies impacted net sales negatively by EUR 3.5 million.Net sales of the Americas business area amounted to EUR 72.3 million (81.7) and net sales of the Europe business area EUR 42.6 million (51.4).Financial year 2023In 2023  Suominen’s net sales decreased by 9% from the comparison period to EUR 450.9 million (493.3). The decrease in sales was driven by lower sales prices resulting from lower raw material prices. Sales volumes decreased slightly from 2022 mainly related to the plant closure in Mozzate. Currencies impacted net sales negatively by EUR 6.8 million.Net sales of Americas business area were EUR 288.0 million (288.0) and net sales of Europe business area EUR 162.8 million (205.5).EBITDA  OPERATING PROFIT AND RESULTOctober–December 2023Comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) was EUR 5.3 million (5.0). EBITDA was EUR 5.3 million (4.0). The main reasons for the result increase were improved sales margins and slightly higher sales volumes. Currencies impacted EBITDA negatively by EUR 0.1 million.Comparable operating profit improved from the corresponding period of the previous year and was EUR 0.7 million (-0.2). Operating profit was EUR 0.7 million (-5.0).Items affecting comparability of EBITDA as well as operating profit in 2023 were EUR 0.01 million and they were related to the closure of Mozzate plant. In the fourth quarter of 2022  items affecting comparability of EBITDA were EUR -1.0 million and of operating profit EUR -4.8 million.Result before income taxes in the fourth quarter was EUR -1.3 million (-7.6) and profit for the period EUR -1.4 million (-8.8). The income taxes for the period were EUR -0.1 million (-1.2).Financial year 2023Comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) was EUR 15.8 million (15.3). EBITDA was EUR 11.2 million (14.3). Comparable EBITDA increase was driven by the improved sales margins while sales volumes decreased slightly due to Mozzate closure. Currencies impacted EBITDA positively by EUR 0.6 million. Items affecting comparability of EBITDA were -4.7 EUR million (-1.0)  related to the closure of Mozzate plant.Comparable operating profit amounted to EUR -2.8 million (-4.2). Operating profit amounted to EUR -7.5 million (-9.0).Items affecting comparability of operating profit were EUR -4.8 million (-4.8)  related to the closure of Mozzate plant.In 2023  profit before income taxes was EUR -13.5 million (-11.9). Income taxes for the financial year were EUR 0.7 million (-2.0).The profit for the period was EUR -12.8 million (-13.9).FINANCINGThe Group’s net interest-bearing liabilities  calculated with the nominal value of the interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the review period  December 31  2023  amounted to EUR 44.1 million (54.6). Gearing was 35.3% (37.4%) and equity ratio 39.5% (42.5%).In 2023  net financial expenses were EUR -6.0 million (-2.9)  or 1.3% (0.6%) of net sales. Net effect of changes in foreign exchange rates in financial items were EUR -0.6 million (+2.8).Cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter was EUR 13.1 million (15.6). Cash flow from operations in 2023 was EUR 30.7 million (14.0). Cash flow from operations per share in 2023 was EUR 0.53 (0.24). The financial items in the cash flow from operations  in total EUR -5.0 million (-4.7)  were principally impacted by the interests paid during the reporting period. The change in the net working capital in 2023 was EUR 25.7 million positive (EUR 7.8 million positive) mainly thanks to less cash being tied up to inventory.CAPITAL EXPENDITUREIn 2023  the gross capital expenditure totaled EUR 11.2 million (9.7) and the largest item was related to the growth investment initiatives in Nakkila  Finland. Other investments were mainly for maintenance.Depreciations and amortizations were EUR -18.6 million (-19.4) and impairment losses were EUR -0.1 million (-3.8).CLOSURE OF MOZZATE PLANT IN ITALYIn 2023  Suominen completed the consultation procedure with local trade unions regarding the plan to permanently close manufacturing at the Mozzate plant. Following the completion of the process  Suominen moved forward with its plan which led to the closure of manufacturing at the plant and termination of employment of 55 employees in Mozzate.The terminations resulted in approximately EUR 2.2 million non-recurring expenses which were recognized in the second quarter of 2023. In addition  other non-recurring expenses related to the closure amounted to EUR 2.6 million during 2023.PERSONNELDuring 2023  Suominen employed 682 FTEs (707) on average  and 659 (710) FTEs at the end of 2023. The decrease is mainly due to the personnel reductions related to the closure of Mozzate plant.PROGRESS IN SUSTAINABILITYWe have a comprehensive approach to sustainability and our Sustainability agenda 2020‒2025 defines our focus areas and their KPIs.We have strong focus on safety and accident prevention  and our long-term target is to have zero lost-time accidents. In 2023  Suominen had 6 (2) lost time accidents.Increasing employee engagement is another of our key people-related targets. We conducted a fourth consecutive global employee engagement survey in 2023 and based on the results our employee engagement index is 66% (65%). The index is a combination of questions concerning our people's retention  likelihood to recommend the company  organizational pride and commitment. Our target is that our engagement index will be 73% by 2025.We are committed to continuously improving our production efficiency and the efficient utilization of natural resources. Our target is to reduce our energy consumption  greenhouse gas emissions  water consumption and waste to landfill by 20% per ton of product by 2025 compared to the base year of 2019. By the end of 2023  our water consumption has decreased by 0.7% and greenhouse gas emissions by 14.9% per ton of product compared to 2019. We did not succeed in our targets to reduce our energy consumption and waste to landfill in 2023. As an example of our continuous work to decrease our greenhouse gas emissions  we shifted to fossil free electricity in our Paulínia plant in Brazil. All our European plants shifted to fossil free electricity in 2022.Regarding sustainable products  our target is to increase their sales by 50% by 2025 and to have over 10 sustainable product launches per year. In 2023  we launched 12 sustainable products  and the sales of sustainable product sales has increased by 79% compared to the base year of 2019.As part of our Annual Report 2023 which will be published in the week starting on March 11  2024  we report the development of our sustainability performance. Our sustainability reporting in 2023 is in accordance with the GRI Standards by the Global Reporting Initiative and it is assured by an independent assurance provider.SHARE INFORMATIONShare capitalThe number of Suominen’s registered shares was 58 259 219 on December 31  2023  equaling to a share capital of EUR 11 860 056.00. Suominen has one series of shares. Each share carries one vote in the Shareholders’ Meeting and right to an equally-sized dividend. Suominen’s shares are affiliated in a book-entry system.Share trading and priceThe number of Suominen Corporation shares (SUY1V) traded on Nasdaq Helsinki from January 1 to December 31  2023  was 2 743 668 shares  accounting for 4.8% of the average number of shares (excluding treasury shares). The highest price was EUR 3.48  the lowest EUR 2.48  and the volume-weighted average price EUR 2.85. The closing price at the beginning of the review period  on January 2  2023  was EUR 3.06 and the closing price on the last trading date of the review period  on December 29  2023  was EUR 2.85.The market capitalization (excluding treasury shares) was EUR 164.4 million on December 31  2023.Treasury sharesOn December 31  2023  Suominen Corporation held 566 760 treasury shares.As a share-based incentive plan vested  in total 189 783 shares were transferred to the participants of the plan in February.In accordance with the resolution by the Annual General Meeting (AGM)  in total 21 949 shares were transferred to the members of the Board of Directors as their remuneration payable in shares during the reporting period.The portion of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors paid in sharesThe AGM held on April 3  2023  decided that 75% of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The shares were given out of the treasury shares held by the company on May 10  2023.Authorizations of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase a maximum of 1 000 000 of the company’s own shares. The company’s own shares shall be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the holdings of the shareholders by using the non-restricted equity through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition. The shares shall be repurchased and paid in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. The shares shall be repurchased to be used in company’s share-based incentive programs  in order to disburse the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for use as consideration in acquisitions related to the company’s business  or to be held by the company  to be conveyed by other means or to be cancelled. The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the repurchase of the company’s own shares. The repurchase authorization shall be valid until June 30  2024  and it revokes all earlier authorizations to repurchase company’s own shares.The AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on issuing new shares and/or conveying the company’s own shares held by the company and/or granting options and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. New shares may be issued  and the company’s own shares may be conveyed to the company’s shareholders in proportion to their current shareholdings in the company; or by waiving the shareholder’s pre-emption right  through a directed share issue if the company has a weighty financial reason to do so  such as  for example  using the shares as consideration in possible acquisitions or other arrangements related to the company’s business  as financing for investments  using shares as part of the company’s incentive program or using the shares for disbursing the portion of the Board members’ remuneration that is to be paid in shares. The new shares may also be issued without payment to the company itself. New shares may be issued and/or company’s own shares held by the company  or its group company may be conveyed at the maximum amount of 5 000 000 shares in aggregate.The Board of Directors may grant options and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  which carry the right to receive against payment new shares or own shares held by the company. The right may also be granted to the company’s creditor in such a manner that the right is granted on condition that the creditor’s receivable is used to set off the subscription price (“Convertible Bond”). However  options and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act cannot be granted as part of the company’s remuneration plan.The maximum number of new shares that may be subscribed and own shares held by the company that may be conveyed by virtue of the options and other special rights granted by the company is 5 000 000 shares in total which number is included in the maximum number stated above.The authorizations shall revoke all earlier authorizations regarding share issue and issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other terms and conditions related to the authorizations. The authorizations shall be valid until June 30  2024.In accordance with the resolution by the Annual General Meeting  in total 21 949 shares were transferred to the members of the Board of Directors as their remuneration payable in shares during the reporting period.In February 2023  in accordance with the share-based incentive plan  189 783 shares were transferred to the participants of the plan.After these transactions  the maximum amount of the authorization is 4 788 268 shares in aggregate.Share-based incentive plans for the management and key employees valid in 2023The Group management and key employees participate in the company’s share-based long-term incentive plans. The plans are described in more detail in the Financial Statements and in the Remuneration Report  available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi.Company's Performance Share Plan currently includes three 3-year performance periods  calendar years 2021–2023  2022–2024 and 2023–2025. The aim of the Performance Share Plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and the persons participating in the plan in order to increase the value of the company in long-term  to build loyalty to the company and to offer them competitive reward plans based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares.Performance Share Plan: Ongoing performance periodsPerformance Period 2021–2023 2022–2024 2023–2025 Incentive based on Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Potential reward payment Will be paid partly in Suominen shares and partly in cash in spring 2024 Will be paid partly in Suominen shares and partly in cash in spring 2025 Will be paid partly in Suominen shares and partly in cash in spring 2026 Participants 15 people 21 people 23 people Maximum number of shares 232 000 222 000 687 000The President & CEO of the company must hold 50% of the net number of shares given on the basis of the plan  as long as his or her shareholding in total corresponds to the value of his or her annual gross salary. A member of the Executive Team must hold 50% of the net number of shares given on the basis of the plan  as long as his or her shareholding in total corresponds to the value of half of his or her annual gross salary. Such a number of shares must be held as long as the participant’s employment or service in a group company continues.The President & CEO’s share-based incentive planThe Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation resolved on May 19 to establish a new share-based incentive plan for the company’s President & CEO. The aim of the plan is to align the objectives of the shareholders and the President & CEO in order to increase the value of Suominen in the long-term  to retain the President & CEO at the company  and to offer him a competitive reward plan that is based on acquiring  receiving and accumulating the company's shares.Under the plan the President & CEO is expected to own or acquire up to 30 000 shares of Suominen Corporation at a price formed in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki. Suominen will match the share investment by way of the President & CEO receiving  without consideration  up to 60 000 matching shares (gross  including also the proportion to be paid in cash).The plan includes three vesting periods  June 1  2023–June 1  2024  June 1  2023–June 1  2025  and June 1  2023–June 1  2026. The potential reward will be paid partly in shares and partly in cash in three equal installments after each vesting period  provided that the President & CEO’s service in the company is in force at the time of the reward payment. The cash proportion is intended to cover taxes and tax-related costs arising from the rewards to the President & CEO.SHAREHOLDERSAt the end of the review period  on December 31  2023  Suominen Corporation had in total 5 376 shareholders. Suominen is not aware of any shareholder agreements related with the shareholding or use of voting rights. Detailed information on the management shareholding and a table presenting the largest shareholders is available in the notes of this Financial Statements Release.Notifications under Chapter 9  Section 10 of the Securities Market ActDuring the review period Suominen received no notifications under Chapter 9  Section 5 of the Securities Market Act.CHANGES IN THE EXECUTIVE TEAMKlaus Korhonen  SVP  HR & Legal acted as interim President & CEO until March 31  2023.Toni Tamminen  CFO  left Suominen on February 3  2023.Tommi Björnman started as the President & CEO on April 1  2023.Janne Silonsaari started as the CFO on June 1  2023.Jonni Friman started as SVP  Transformation Management Office on June 1  2023.Lynda Kelly  SVP  Americas & Business Development left Suominen on August 22  2023. Markku Koivisto  SVP  Europe & R&D was appointed as interim SVP  Americas until October 31  2023.Thomas Olsen started as SVP  Americas on November 1  2023.COMPOSITION OF THE NOMINATION BOARDSuominen’s three largest registered shareholders Ahlstrom Capital B.V.  Etola Group Oy and Oy Etra Invest Ab have nominated the following members to the Shareholders’ Nomination Board:Lasse Heinonen  President & CEO of A. Ahlström Corporation  as a member appointed by Ahlstrom Capital B.V.Mikael Etola  CEO  Etola-Yhtiöt  as a member appointed by Etola Group Oy and Oy Etra Invest AbJaakko Eskola  Chair of Suominen’s Board of Directors  serves as the third member of the Nomination Board. The shareholders entitled to appoint members to the Nomination Board were determined on the basis of the registered holdings in the company’s shareholders' register on September 1  2023.In its organizing meeting on September 4  2023  the Nomination Board elected Lasse Heinonen as the Chair of the Nomination Board. The Nomination Board decided to invite Peter Seligson  Chair of the Board of Directors of A. Ahlström Corporation  to attend the Nomination Board’s meetings as an advisor.PROPOSALS OF THE NOMINATION BOARD TO THE AGM 2024Proposal on the number of the members  on the composition  and on the Chair of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board of Suominen Corporation’s shareholders proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members remains unchanged and would be six (6).The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Andreas Ahlström  Aaron Barsness  Björn Borgman  Nina Linander and Laura Remes would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and that Charles Héaulmé would be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors.Jaakko Eskola  the current Chair of the Board of Directors  has informed that he is not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Charles Héaulmé (born 1966  B. Sc. (Business Administration)  French citizen) currently works as the President and CEO of Huhtamäki Oyj. Prior to that he has held a number of executive positions at Tetra Pak in Europe and Americas.All candidates have given their consent to the election. All candidates are independent of the company. The candidates are also independent of Suominen’s significant shareholders  with the exception of Andreas Ahlström who acts currently as Investment Director at A. Ahlström Corporation. The largest shareholder of Suominen Corporation  Ahlstrom Capital B.V. is a group company of A. Ahlström Corporation.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Charles Héaulmé would be elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. In preparing its proposals the Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  has determined that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole also has the best possible expertise for the company and that the composition of the Board of Directors meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.Proposal on the Board remunerationThe Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the Board of Directors would be as follows: the Chair would be paid an annual fee of EUR 74 000 (2023: EUR 70 000)  the Deputy Chair an annual fee of EUR 45 000 (2023: 33 000) and other Board members an annual fee of EUR 35 000 (2023: EUR 33 000). The Nomination Board also proposes that the additional fee paid to the Chair of the Audit Committee would remain unchanged and be EUR 10 000.Further  the Nomination Board proposes that the fees payable for each Board and Committee meeting would remain unchanged and be as follows: EUR 500 for each meeting held in the home country of the respective member  EUR 1 000 for each meeting held elsewhere than in the home country of the respective member and EUR 500 for each meeting attended by telephone or other electronic means. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.75% of the annual fees is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The shares will be transferred out of the own shares held by the company by the decision of the Board of Directors within two weeks from the date on which the interim report of January–March 2024 of the company is published.Compensation for expenses will be paid in accordance with the company's valid travel policy.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Suominen Corporation was held on April 3  2023.The AGM adopted the Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year 2022 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President & CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. The AGM approved the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies. The AGM also approved the amendment of the company’s Articles of Association in such a way that it enables the organization of General Meetings in the future also entirely without a meeting venue as a remote meeting.The AGM decided  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share will be paid.The AGM confirmed the remuneration of the Board of Directors. The Chair will be paid an annual fee of EUR 70 000 and the Deputy Chair and other Board members an annual fee of EUR 33 000. Chair of the Audit Committee will be paid an additional fee of EUR 10 000. Further  the members of the Board will receive a fee for each Board and Committee meeting as follows: EUR 500 for each meeting held in the home country of the respective member  EUR 1 000 for each meeting held elsewhere than in the home country of the respective member and EUR 500 for each meeting held as a telephone conference.75% of the remuneration is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. Compensation for expenses is paid in accordance with the company's valid travel policy.The AGM decided that the number of Board members remains unchanged at six (6). Mr. Andreas Ahlström  Mr. Aaron Barsness  Mr. Björn Borgman  Mr. Jaakko Eskola  Ms. Nina Linander were re-elected as members of the Board. Ms. Laura Remes was elected as a new member of the Board.Mr. Jaakko Eskola was re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.Ernst & Young Oy  Authorised Public Accountant firm  was re-elected as the auditor of the company for the next term of office in accordance with the Articles of Association. Ernst & Young Oy appointed Mr. Toni Halonen  Authorised Public Accountant  as the principally responsible auditor of the company.The AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares and to resolve on the issuance of shares and granting of options and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The terms and conditions of the authorization are explained earlier in this report.Suominen published a stock exchange release on April 3  2023  concerning the resolutions of the Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors. The stock exchange release and an introduction of the new Board member can be viewed on Suominen’s website at www.suominen.fi.In compliance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  on April 14  2023  Suominen paid out dividends in total of EUR 5.8 million for 2022  corresponding to EUR 0.10 per share.Organizing meeting and permanent committees of the Board of DirectorsIn its organizing meeting held after the AGM  the Board of Directors elected Andreas Ahlström as Deputy Chair of the Board.The Board of Directors elected from among its members the members for the Audit Committee and Personnel and Remuneration Committee. Nina Linander was re-elected as the Chair of the Audit Committee and Andreas Ahlström was re-elected as member. Laura Remes was elected as a new member. Jaakko Eskola was re-elected as the Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee and Björn Borgman and Aaron Barsness were re-elected as members.BUSINESS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIESManufacturing risksSuominen has production plants in several European countries  United States and Brazil. Interruptions at the plants caused for example by machinery breakdown can cause production losses and delivery problems. Ongoing maintenance and investments aiming to extend the lifetime of the assets are an essential part of ensuring the operational efficiency of the existing production lines.Suominen’s operations could be disrupted due to abrupt and unforeseen events beyond the company's control  such as power outages or fire and water damage. Suominen may not be able to control such events through predictive actions  which could lead to interruptions in business. Risks of this type are insured in order to guarantee the continuity of operations. As Suominen has valid property damage and business interruption insurances  it is expected that the damage would be compensated  and the financial losses caused by the interruption of business would be covered.Suominen uses certain technologies in its production. In the management’s view  the chosen technologies are competitive and there is no need to make major investments in new technologies. However  it cannot be excluded that the company’s technology choices could prove wrong  and the development of new or substitute technologies would then require investments.CompetitionSuominen has numerous regional  national and global competitors in its different product groups. Products based on new technologies and imports from countries of lower production costs may reduce Suominen’s competitive edge. If Suominen is not able to compete with an attractive product offering  it may lose some of its market share. Competition may lead to increased pricing pressure on the company’s products.Price and availability of raw materialsSuominen purchases significant amounts of pulp- and oil-based raw materials. Raw materials are the largest cost item for operations. Changes in the global market prices of raw materials can have an impact on the company’s profitability. Suominen’s stocks equal two to four weeks’ consumption and it generally takes two to five months for raw material price changes to be reflected in Suominen’s customer pricing either through automatic pricing mechanisms or negotiated price changes.Extended interruptions in the supply of Suominen’s main raw materials could disrupt production and have a negative impact on the Group’s overall business operations. As Suominen sources most of its raw materials from a number of major international suppliers  significant interruptions in the production of the majority of Suominen’s products are unlikely.Price and availability of energyEnergy costs represent a significant portion of Suominen's production costs. Suominen consumes mainly electricity and gas. Higher prices as well as reduced availability of energy could have an impact on Suominen's profitability through increased production costs.Market and customer risksSuominen’s customer base is fairly concentrated  which increases the potential impact of changes in customer specific sales volumes. In 2023  the Group’s ten largest customers accounted for 69.9% (64.3%) of the Group net sales. Long-term contracts are preferred with the largest customers. In practice  the customer relationships are long-term and last for several years. Customer-related credit risks are managed in accordance with a credit policy approved by the Board of Directors. Credit limits are confirmed for customers on the basis of credit ratings and customer history.The demand for Suominen’s products depends on possible changes in consumer preferences. Historically  such changes have had mainly a positive impact on Suominen  as they have resulted in the growing demand for products made of nonwovens. For example  the COVID-19 pandemic increased the demand for nonwovens for cleaning and disinfecting wipes. However  certain factors  including consumers’ attitude towards the use of products made even partially of oil-based raw materials  or their perception on the sustainability of disposable products in general  might change the consumers’ buying habits. Suominen monitors the consumer trends proactively and develops its product offering accordingly. The company has had biodegradable  100% plant-based nonwovens in its portfolio for over 15 years and hence is well positioned to respond to changes in customer preferences related to sustainability and climate change.Generally  the demand for nonwovens for wipes has been resilient to changing economic conditions. However  it is conceivable that high consumer price inflation could lead to decline in end consumer demand for wiping products as the consumers’ available income effectively decreases.Regarding the war in Ukraine  the direct impact to Suominen’s business is minor as we have no customers nor suppliers in Russia  Belarus or Ukraine. Suominen is mostly affected by the indirect economic impacts of the war which contribute to the cost inflation.The instabilities in different parts of the world continue to cause general uncertainty.Changes in legislation  political environment  or economic conditionsSuominen’s business and products can be affected directly or indirectly by political decisions and changes in government regulations for example in areas such as environmental policy or waste legislation. An example of such legislation is the EU's Single-Use Plastics Directive that focuses on reducing marine litter. The potential exists for similar regulations to expand worldwide. This creates demand for more sustainable products  and Suominen is well placed to respond to this increasing demand.Global political developments could have an adverse effect on Suominen. For instance  a political decision that constrains the global free trade may significantly impact the availability and price of certain raw materials  which would in turn affect Suominen’s business and profitability. Suominen’s geographical and customer-industry diversity provide partial protection against this risk.The relevance of the United States in Suominen’s business operations increases the significance of the exchange rate risk related to USD in the Group’s total foreign exchange position. Suominen hedges this foreign exchange position in accordance with its hedging policy.The risks that are characteristic to South American region  including significant changes in political environment or exchange rates  could have an impact on Suominen’s operations in Brazil.InvestmentsSuominen continuously invests in its manufacturing facilities. The deployment of the investments may delay from what was planned  the costs of the investments may increase from what has been expected or the investments may create less business benefits than anticipated. The deployment phase of investments may cause temporary interruptions in operations.Cyber and information securitySuominen’s operations are dependent on the integrity  security and stable operation of its information and communication systems and software as well as on the successful management of cyber attack risks. If Suominen’s information and communication systems and software were to become unusable or significantly impaired for an extended period of time  or the cyber attack risks are realized  Suominen’s reputation as well as ability to deliver products at the appointed time  order raw materials and handle inventory could be adversely impacted.Financial risksThe Group is exposed to several financial risks  such as foreign exchange  interest rate  counterparty  liquidity and credit risks. The Group’s financial risks are managed in line with a policy confirmed by the Board of Directors. The financial risks are described in the Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.Suominen is subject to corporate income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required to determine the total amount of corporate income tax at Group level. There are many transactions and calculations that leave room for uncertainty as to the final amount of the income taxes. Tax risks relate also to changes in tax rates or tax legislation or misinterpretations  and materialization of the risks could result in increased payments or sanctions by the tax authorities  which in turn could lead to financial loss. Deferred tax assets included in the statement of financial position require that the deferred tax assets can be recovered against the future taxable income.Suominen performs goodwill impairment testing annually. In impairment testing the recoverable amounts are determined as the value in use  which comprises of the discounted projected future cash flows. Actual cash flows can differ from the discounted projected future cash flows. Uncertainties related to the projected future cash flows include  among others  the long economic useful life of the assets and changes in the forecast sales prices of Suominen’s products  production costs as well as discount rates used in testing. Due to the uncertainty inherent in the future  it is possible that Suominen’s recoverable amounts will be insufficient to cover the carrying amounts of assets  particularly goodwill. If this happens  it will be necessary to recognize an impairment loss  which  when implemented  will weaken the result and equity. Goodwill impairment testing has been described in the consolidated financial statements.BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTSuominen’s nonwovens are  for the most part  used in daily consumer goods such as wet wipes as well as in hygiene and medical products. In these target markets of Suominen the general economic situation determines the development of consumer demand even though the demand for consumer goods is not very cyclical in nature. North America and Europe are the largest market areas for Suominen. In addition  the company operates in the South American markets. The growth in the demand for nonwovens has typically exceeded the growth of gross domestic product by a couple of percentage points.We see some positive signals from the market and customers  but the overall global economic uncertainty and fierce competition continue to make the longer-term visibility challenging. It remains to be seen how the current economic climate impacts the end consumer demand and consumer preferences regarding wipes. Historically  the wipes market has been rather steady despite the general economic situation.Instabilities in Israel and lately in Suez Canal  and the war in Ukraine continue to generate uncertainty globally. Possible impacts to Suominen are expected to be indirect and we continue to monitor the situations.OUTLOOKSuominen expects that its comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) in 2024 will improve from 2023. In 2023  Suominen’s comparable EBITDA was EUR 15.8 million.PROPOSAL ON DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDSThe profit of the financial year 2023 of Suominen Corporation  the parent company of Suominen Group  was EUR 6 017 124.66. The funds distributable as dividends  including the profit for the period  were EUR 16 338 510 and total distributable funds were EUR 92 030 846.The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share shall be distributed for the financial year 2023 and that the profit shall be transferred to retained earnings.On February 5  2024  the company had 57 692 459 issued shares  excluding treasury shares. With this number of shares  the total amount of dividends to be distributed would be EUR 5 769 245.90.There have been no significant changes in the company’s financial position after the end of the review period.The record date is April 8  2024  and the dividend will be paid on April 15  2024.DISCLOSURE OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT  REMUNERATION REPORT  THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  THE REPORT BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND NON-FINANCIAL REPORTSuominen will publish its Financial Statements  Report by the Board of Directors  Auditor’s Report  Corporate Governance Statement  Remuneration Report and Non-Financial Report including EU Taxonomy report  concerning the financial year 2023  as part of the Annual Report during the week commencing March 11  2024. The above documents will be published as a Stock Exchange Release and they will be available also at www.suominen.fi.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024The Annual General Meeting of Suominen Corporation is planned to be held on April 4  2024. The Board of Directors will convene the Annual General Meeting by issuing a Notice to the Annual General Meeting as a Stock Exchange Release. The notice to the Annual General Meeting will also be published at www.suominen.fi.EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIODThe Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation resolved on a new share-based incentive plan for management and key employeesThe Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation has resolved to establish a new share-based incentive plan for key employees of the group. The purpose of the plan is to align the interests of the company’s shareholders and key employees to increase the company’s value in the long-term  to commit key employees to implement the company's strategy  objectives and long-term interest  and to reward them for high performance.The Performance Share Plan 2024–2028 consists of three performance periods  covering the financial years 2024–2026  2025–2027 and 2026–2028 respectively. The Board of Directors will resolve annually on the commencement and details of a performance period.In the plan  the target group has an opportunity to earn Suominen shares based on performance. The performance criteria of the performance period 2024-2026 are tied to Absolute Total Shareholder Return (weight 40%) covering the years 2024-2026  Relative Total Shareholder Return (weight 40%) covering the years 2024-2026  and operative performance and sustainability goal (weight 20%) covering the year 2024 and measuring the company’s target to improve its raw material efficiency. The potential rewards from the plan will be paid after the end of the performance period.The value of the rewards to be paid on the basis of the plan corresponds to a maximum total of 1 090 349 shares of Suominen  including also the proportion to be paid in cash. The target group in the performance period 2024—2026 consists of 27 key employees  including the CEO and other members of the Executive Management Team.The potential reward will be paid partly in Suominen’s shares and partly in cash. The cash proportion of the reward is intended to cover taxes and statutory social security contributions arising from the reward to the key employee. As a rule  no reward will be paid if the key employee’s employment or director contract terminates before the reward payment.The Executive Management Team member must hold 50 per cent of the received shares  until the value of the Executive Management Team member’s total shareholding in Suominen equals to 50 per cent of their annual base salary for the calendar year preceding the payment of the reward. Respectively  the CEO must hold 50 per cent of the received shares  until the value of the CEO’s total shareholding in Suominen equals to 100 per cent of the CEO’s annual base salary for the preceding calendar year. Such number of Suominen shares must be held as long as the membership in the Executive Management Team or the position as the CEO continues.THE NEXT FINANCIAL REPORTSuominen Corporation will publish its Interim Report for January–March 2024 on Tuesday  May 7  2024.ANALYST AND NEWS CONFERENCETommi Björnman  President & CEO  and Janne Silonsaari  CFO  will present the result in English in an audiocast and a conference call for analyst  investors  and media on the same day at 11:00 a.m. (EET). The audiocast can be followed at https://suominen.videosync.fi/2023-financial-statements-release/register. The recording of the audiocast and the presentation material will be available after the event at www.suominen.fi.Conference call participants can access the teleconference by registering at http://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=10012058. The phone numbers and a conference ID to access the conference will be provided after the registration.The event cannot be attended on the spot.SUOMINEN GROUP JANUARY 1 – DECEMBER 31  2023The consolidated financial statements of Suominen have been audited. The Auditor’s report has been signed on February 5  2024. Quarterly information  half-year report and interim reports have not been audited.As result of rounding differences  the figures presented in the tables do not necessarily add up to total.ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLESThe consolidated financial statements of Suominen Group are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  including International Accounting Standards (IAS) and Interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (SIC and IFRIC). International Financial Reporting Standards are standards and their interpretations adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Notes to the Financial Statements are also in accordance with the Finnish Accounting Act and Ordinance and the Finnish Companies' Act.This financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles defined in IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting as approved by the European Union. Financial statement release does not include all information required for full financial statements.The principles for preparing consolidated financial statements are mainly the same as those used for preparing the consolidated financial statements for 2022. The new or amended standard  annual improvements  or interpretations applicable from January 1  2023  are presented below.New or amended standard  annual improvements or interpretations applicable from January 1  2023:- Disclosure of Accounting Policies – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2  applicable from January 1  2023. The amendment replaced the requirement to disclose ""significant"" accounting policies with a requirement to disclose ""material"" accounting policies. The amendment aims to help companies to disclose accounting policies  which are material for users to understand the information in the company's financial statements. The amendments require judgement in determining whether accounting policies are material or not. The amendment has had some effect on the disclosure of accounting policies in Suominen's consolidated financial statements  as the accounting principles presented in the consolidated financial statements concentrate on presenting the accounting principles which are material for Suominen.- Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8  applicable from January 1  2023. The amendments clarified the distinction between the changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors. The amendment clarified that the effects on an accounting estimate of a change in an input or a change in a measurement technique are changes in accounting estimates if they do not result from the correction of prior period errors. The amendment did not have any material impact on Suominen's consolidated financial statements.- Amendments to IAS 12 – Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction  applicable from January 1  2023. The amendments are to be applied to transactions that occur on or after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.The amendment narrowed the scope of the initial recognition exception under IAS 12  so that it no longer applies to taxable and deductible temporary differences. The amendment clarifies deferred tax accounting for transactions and events  such as leases and decommissioning obligations that lead to the initial recognition of both an asset and a liability. The amendments require companies to recognize a separate deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability when the temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of an asset and a liability are equal.As in the most cases the deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from recognition of leases can be offset with each other  the amendment has not material effect on the consolidated statement of financial position of Suominen. The amendment will  however  change the disclosure information in the consolidated financial statements related to the deferred taxes. The disclosure information from the previous period has been restated.IAS 12 Income Taxes applies to income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar II Rules published by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). International Tax Reform – Pillar II Model Rules – Amendment to IAS 12  effective for reporting periods beginning on or after January 1  2023  introduced a mandatory exception in IAS 12 from recognizing and disclosing deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar II income taxes. As the Pillar II Rules apply to multinational groups with consolidated net sales over EUR 750 million  Suominen is not subject to Pillar II Rules.Other new or amended standards  improvements  or annual improvements applicable from January 1  2023  or later were not material for Suominen Group.New and amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations published but mandatory from January 1  2024  or later:- Amendments to IAS 1 – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  applicable from January 1  2024. The amendment specifies the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current  by clarifying for example what is meant by a right to defer settlement  that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period and that classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right. The amendment will be applied retrospectively. The amendment has no effect on the consolidated financial statements of Suominen.Other new or amended standards  improvements or annual improvements applicable from January 1  2024  or later are not material for Suominen Group.STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONEUR thousand 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Assets Non-current assets Goodwill 15 496 15 496 Intangible assets 6 084 9 709 Property  plant and equipment 112 727 116 195 Right-of-use assets 11 109 11 902 Equity instruments 421 421 Other non-current receivables 83 93 Deferred tax assets 2 048 693 Total non-current assets 147 967 154 510 Current assets Inventories 37 914 63 261 Trade receivables 62 325 66 648 Other current receivables 7 345 8 857 Assets for current tax 2 128 662 Cash and cash equivalents 58 755 49 508 Total current assets 168 467 188 935 Total assets 316 434 343 445 Equity and liabilities Equity Share capital 11 860 11 860 Share premium account 24 681 24 681 Reserve for invested unrestricted equity 75 692 75 692 Fair value and other reserves 316 265 Exchange differences 111 2 678 Retained earnings 12 251 30 740 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 124 912 145 916 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities 9 362 11 730 Liabilities from defined benefit plans 179 424 Non-current provisions 564 1 950 Non-current lease liabilities 9 711 11 215 Debentures 49 449 49 295 Total non-current liabilities 69 265 74 614 Current liabilities Current provisions 3 870 − Current lease liabilities 3 117 2 855 Other current interest-bearing liabilities 40 000 40 000 Liabilities for current tax 148 289 Trade payables and other current liabilities 75 122 79 771 Total current liabilities 122 257 122 915 Total liabilities 191 522 197 529 Total equity and liabilities 316 434 343 445STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSSEUR thousand 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Net sales 114 938 133 072 450 851 493 298 Cost of goods sold -106 491 -131 273 -428 122 -474 718 Gross profit 8 447 1 800 22 729 18 579 Other operating income 527 1 636 4 802 5 739 Sales  marketing and administration expenses -7 379 -7 381 -28 497 -28 932 Research and development expenses -855 -932 -3 851 -3 503 Other operating expenses -81 -112 -2 700 -841 Operating profit 658 -4 989 -7 517 -8 958 Net financial expenses -2 005 -2 639 -5 987 -2 923 Profit before income taxes -1 347 -7 628 -13 504 -11 881 Income taxes -80 -1 183 719 -1 983 Profit for the period -1 426 -8 810 -12 786 -13 863 Earnings per share  EUR Basic -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24 Diluted -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEEUR thousand 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Profit for the period -1 426 -8 810 -12 786 -13 863 Other comprehensive income: Other comprehensive income that will be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss Exchange differences -4 631 -11 565 -2 991 8 873 Income taxes related to other comprehensive income 506 1 023 424 -618 Total -4 124 -10 542 -2 567 8 255 Other comprehensive income that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements of defined benefit plans -5 137 -22 137 Income taxes related to other comprehensive income − -125 − -125 Total -5 12 -22 12 Total other comprehensive income -4 129 -10 530 -2 589 8 267 Total comprehensive income for the period -5 556 -19 340 -15 375 -5 596STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITYEUR thousand Share capital Share premium account Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Exchange differences Equity 1.1.2023 11 860 24 681 75 692 2 678 Profit for the period − − − − Other comprehensive income − − − -2 567 Total comprehensive income − − − -2 567 Distribution of dividend − − − − Share-based payments − − − − Conveyance of treasury shares − − − − Transfers − − − − Equity 31.12.2023 11 860 24 681 75 692 111EUR thousand Fair value and other reserves Retained earnings Total equity attributable to owners of the parent Equity 1.1.2023 265 30 740 145 916 Profit for the period − -12 786 -12 786 Other comprehensive income − -22 -2 589 Total comprehensive income − -12 808 -15 375 Distribution of dividend − -5 767 -5 767 Share-based payments − 88 88 Conveyance of treasury shares − 49 49 Transfers 51 -51 − Equity 31.12.2023 316 12 251 124 912EUR thousand Share capital Share premium account Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Exchange differences Equity 1.1.2022 11 860 24 681 75 692 -5 577 Profit for the period − − − − Other comprehensive income − − − 8 255 Total comprehensive income − − − 8 255 Distribution of dividend − − − − Share-based payments − − − − Acquisition of treasury shares − − − − Conveyance of treasury shares − − − − Transfers − − − − Equity 31.12.2022 11 860 24 681 75 692 2 678EUR thousand Fair value and other reserves Retained earnings Total equity attributable to owners of the parent Equity 1.1.2022 -7 56 549 163 199 Profit for the period − -13 863 -13 863 Other comprehensive income − 12 8 267 Total comprehensive income − -13 851 -5 596 Distribution of dividend − -11 492 -11 492 Share-based payments − 106 106 Acquisition of treasury shares − -352 -352 Conveyance of treasury shares − 52 52 Transfers 272 -272 − Equity 31.12.2022 265 30 740 145 916STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSEUR thousand 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Cash flow from operations Profit for the period -12 786 -13 863 Total adjustments to profit for the period 26 612 28 037 Cash flow before changes in net working capital 13 826 14 174 Change in net working capital 25 703 7 753 Financial items -4 954 -4 745 Income taxes -3 851 -3 156 Cash flow from operations 30 724 14 027 Cash flow from investments Investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets -11 062 -9 764 Sales proceeds from property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 36 30 Cash flow from investments -11 027 -9 734 Cash flow from financing Drawdown of current interest-bearing liabilities 240 000 40 000 Repayment of non-current interest-bearing liabilities − -85 000 Repayment of current interest-bearing liabilities -243 271 -3 003 Acquisition of treasury shares − -379 Dividends paid -5 767 -11 492 Cash flow from financing -9 038 -59 875 Change in cash and cash equivalents 10 659 -55 582 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 49 508 101 357 Effect of changes in exchange rates -1 412 3 732 Change in cash and cash equivalents 10 659 -55 582 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 58 755 49 508KEY RATIOS10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Change in net sales  % * -13.6 15.1 -8.6 11.3 Gross profit  as percentage of net sales  % 7.3 1.4 5.0 3.8 Comparable EBITDA  as percentage of net sales  % 4.6 3.7 3.5 3.1 EBITDA  as percentage of net sales  % 4.6 3.0 2.5 2.9 Comparable operating profit  as percentage of net sales  % 0.6 -0.1 -0.6 -0.8 Operating profit  as percentage of net sales  % 0.6 -3.7 -1.7 -1.8 Net financial items  as percentage of net sales  % -1.7 -2.0 -1.3 -0.6 Profit before income taxes  as percentage of net sales  % -1.2 -5.7 -3.0 -2.4 Profit for the period  as percentage of net sales  % -1.2 -6.6 -2.8 -2.8 Gross capital expenditure  EUR thousand 2 368 2 333 11 223 9 713 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses  EUR thousand 4 605 8 992 18 680 23 245 Return on equity  rolling 12 months  % − − -9.6 -8.8 Return on invested capital  rolling 12 months  % − − -4.1 -4.2 Equity ratio  % − − 39.5 42.5 Gearing  % − − 35.3 37.4 Average number of personnel (FTE - full time equivalent) − − 682 707 Earnings per share  EUR  basic -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24 Earnings per share  EUR  diluted -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24 Cash flow from operations per share  EUR 0.23 0.27 0.53 0.24 Equity per share  EUR − − 2.17 2.54 Dividend per share  EUR ** − − 0.10 0.10 Price per earnings per share (P/E) ratio − − -12.85 -12.43 Dividend payout ratio  % − − -45.1 -41.4 Dividend yield  % − − 3.51 3.33 Number of shares  end of period  excluding treasury shares − − 57 692 459 57 480 727 Share price  end of period  EUR − − 2.85 3.00 Share price  period low  EUR − − 2.48 2.36 Share price  period high  EUR − − 3.48 5.27 Volume weighted average price during the period  EUR − − 2.85 3.57 Market capitalization  EUR million − − 164.4 172.4 Number of traded shares during the period − − 2 743 668 10 902 032 Number of traded shares during the period  % of average number of shares − − 4.8 19.0 * Compared with the corresponding period in the previous year. ** 2023 Proposal of the Board 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Interest-bearing net debt  EUR thousands Non-current interest-bearing liabilities  nominal value 59 711 61 215 Current interest-bearing liabilities  nominal value 43 117 42 855 Cash and cash equivalents -58 755 -49 508 Interest-bearing net debt 44 074 54 562CALCULATION OF KEY RATIOSKey ratios per shareKey ratios per share are either IFRS key ratios (earnings per share) or required by Ordinance of the Ministry of Finance in Finland or alternative performance measures (cash flow from operations per share).Earnings per shareBasic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net result attributable to owners of the parent by the weighted share-issue adjusted average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period  excluding shares acquired by the Group and held as treasury shares.When calculating diluted earnings per share the number of shares is adjusted with the effects of the share-based incentive plans.EUR thousand 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Profit for the period -12 786 -13 863 Average share-issue adjusted number of shares 57 656 044 57 439 615 Average diluted share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares 57 738 524 57 533 196 Earnings per share EUR Basic -0.22 -0.24 Diluted -0.22 -0.24Cash flow from operations per shareCash flow from operations per shareCash flow from operations = Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Cash flow from operations  EUR thousand 30 724 14 027 Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period 57 692 459 57 480 727 Cash flow from operations per share  EUR 0.53 0.24Equity per shareEquity per shareTotal equity attributable to owners of the parent = Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent  EUR thousand 124 912 145 916 Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period 57 692 459 57 480 727 Equity per share  EUR 2.17 2.54Dividend payout ratio  %Dividend payout ratio  %Dividend per share x 100 = Basic earnings per share2023 2022 Dividend and return of capital per share x 100 10.00 10.00 Basic earnings per share  EUR -0 22 -0.24 Dividend payout ratio  % -45.1 -41.4Dividend yield  %Dividend yield  %= Dividend per share x 100 Share price at end of the period2023 2022 Dividend and return of capital per share x 100 10.00 10.00 Share price at end of the period  EUR 2 85 3.00 Dividend yield  % 3.51 3.33Price per earnings per share (P/E)Price per earnings per share (P/E)Share price at end of the period = Basic earnings per share2023 2022 Share price at end of the period  EUR 2 85 3 00 Basic earnings per share  EUR -0 22 -0 24 Price per earnings per share (P/E) -12 85 -12 43Market capitalizationMarket capitalization = Number of shares at the end of reporting period excluding treasury shares x share price at the end of period2023 2022 Number of shares at the end of reporting period excluding treasury shares 57 692 459 57 480 727 Share price at end of the period  EUR 2.85 3.00 Market capitalization  EUR million 164.4 172.4Share turnoverShare turnover = The proportion of number of shares traded during the period to weighted average number of shares excluding treasury shares2023 2022 Number of shares traded during the period 2 743 668 10 902 032 Average number of shares excluding treasury shares 57 656 044 57 439 615 Share turnover  % 4.8 19.0Alternative performance measuresSome of Suominen's key ratios are alternative performance measures. An alternative performance measure is a key ratio which has not been defined in IFRS standards. Suominen believes that the use of alternative performance measures provides useful information for example to investors regarding the Group's financial and operating performance and makes it easier to make comparison between the reporting periods.Operating profit and comparable operating profitOperating profit  or earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) is an important measure of profitability as by ignoring income taxes and financial items it focuses solely on the company's ability to generate profit from operations. Operating profit is presented as a separate line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.In order to improve the comparability of result between reporting periods  Suominen presents comparable operating profit as an alternative performance measure. Operating profit is adjusted with material items that are considered to affect comparability between reporting periods. These items include  among others  impairment losses or reversals of impairment losses  gains or losses from the sales of property  plant and equipment or intangible assets or other assets and restructuring costs. In 2023 and 2022  the items affecting comparability of result were impairment losses of property  plant and equipment  right-of-use assets and inventory  arising from the planned closure of the production lines in Italy.Operating profit (EBIT) = Profit before income taxes + net financial expenses Comparable operating profit (EBIT) = Profit before income taxes + net financial expenses  adjusted with items affecting comparability EUR thousand 2023 2022 Operating profit -7 517 -8 958 + Dismissal costs affecting comparability 2 207 − + Restoration costs affecting comparability 2 344 − + Other costs affecting comparability 116 − + Impairment losses of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  affecting comparability of result 8 2 288 + Impairment losses of right-of-use assets  affecting comparability of result 108 1 536 + Impairment losses of inventories  affecting comparability of result -16 971 Comparable operating profit -2 750 -4 163EBITDA and comparable EBITDAEBITDA is an important measure that focuses on the operating performance excluding the effect of depreciation and amortization  financial items and income taxes  in other words what is the margin on net sales after deducting operating expenses.EBITDA = EBIT + depreciation  amortization and impairment lossesComparable EBITDA = EBIT + depreciation  amortization and impairment losses  adjusted with items affecting comparabilityEUR thousand 2023 2022 Operating profit -7 517 -8 958 + Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 18 680 23 245 EBITDA 11 163 14 287 EBITDA 11 163 14 287 + Dismissal costs affecting comparability 2 207 − + Restoration costs affecting comparability 2 344 − + Other costs affecting comparability 116 − + Impairment losses of inventories  affecting comparability of result -16 971 Comparable EBITDA 15 813 15 257Gross capital expenditureSuominen considers gross capital expenditure as a relevant measure in order to understand for example how the Group maintains and renews its production machinery and facilities. Gross capital expenditure includes also capitalized borrowing costs and capitalized cash flow hedges. Gross capital expenditure (gross investments) does not include increases in right-of-use assets.EUR thousand 2023 2022 Increases in intangible assets 169 438 Increases in property  plant and equipment 11 054 9 275 Gross capital expenditure 11 223 9 713Interest-bearing net debtSuominen considers interest-bearing net debt to be an important measure for investors to be able to understand the Group’s indebtedness. It is the opinion of Suominen that presenting interest-bearing liabilities not only at amortized cost but also at nominal value gives relevant additional information to the investors.Interest-bearing net debt = Interest-bearing liabilities at nominal value - interest-bearing receivables - cash and cash equivalentsEUR thousand 2023 2022 Interest-bearing liabilities 102 278 103 365 Tender and issuance costs of the debentures 551 705 Cash and cash equivalents -58 755 -49 508 Interest-bearing net debt 44 074 54 562 Interest-bearing liabilities 102 278 103 365 Tender and issuance costs of the debentures 551 705 Nominal value of interest-bearing liabilities 102 828 104 069Return on equity (ROE)  %The return on equity is one of the most important profitability ratios used by owners and investors. The ratio measures the ability of a company to generate profits from its shareholders' investments in the company and it defines the yield on the company's equity during the reporting period.Return on equity (ROE)  %=Profit for the reporting period (rolling 12 months) x 100 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent (quarterly average)EUR thousand 2023 2022 Profit for the reporting period (rolling 12 months) -12 786 -13 863 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent December 31  2022 / 2021 145 916 163 199 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent March 31  2023 / 2022 140 131 153 504 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent June 30  2023 / 2022 127 236 158 098 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent September 30  2023 / 2022 130 283 165 188 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent December 31  2023 / 2022 124 912 145 916 Average 133 695 157 181 Return on equity (ROE)  % -9.6 -8.8Invested capitalInvested capital = Total equity + interest-bearing liabilities - cash and cash equivalentsEUR thousand 2023 2022 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 124 912 145 916 Interest-bearing liabilities 102 278 103 365 Cash and cash equivalents -58 755 -49 508 Invested capital 168 435 199 773Return on invested capital (ROI)  %Return on invested capital is one of the most important key ratios. It measures the relative profitability of the company  i.e. the yield on the capital invested in the company.Return on invested capital (ROI)  %=Operating profit (rolling 12 months) x 100 Invested capital  quarterly averageEUR thousand 2023 2022 Operating profit (rolling 12 months) -7 517 -8 958 Invested capital December 31  2022 / 2021 199 773 210 975 Invested capital March 31  2023 / 2022 194 290 205 806 Invested capital June 30  2023 / 2022 182 005 210 561 Invested capital September 30  2023 / 2022 181 914 230 264 Invested capital December 31  2023 / 2022 168 435 199 773 Average 185 283 211 476 Return on invested capital (ROI)  % -4.1 -4.2Equity ratio  %Equity ratio is an important key ratio as it measures the solidity of the company  the company's tolerance for losses and ability to cover its long-term commitments. The performance measure shows how much of the company's assets are financed with equity. The equity creates a buffer against potential losses  and equity ratio represents the level of this buffer.Equity ratio  %=Total equity attributable to owners of the parent x 100 Total assets - advances receivedEUR thousand 2023 2022 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 124 912 145 916 Total assets 316 434 343 445 Advances received -104 -74 316 330 343 371 Equity ratio  % 39.5 42.5Gearing  %Gearing represents the ratio between the equity invested by the owners of the company and the interest-bearing liabilities borrowed from financiers. Gearing is an important performance measure in assessing the financial position of a company. A high gearing is a risk factor which might limit the possibilities for growth of a company and narrow its financial freedom.Gearing  %=Interest-bearing net debt x 100 Total equity attributable to owners of the parentEUR thousand 2023 2022 Interest-bearing net debt 44 074 54 562 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 124 912 145 916 Gearing  % 35.3 37.4NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHICAL MARKET AREAEUR thousand 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Finland 3 240 3 522 Rest of Europe 155 759 193 673 North and South America 291 108 294 367 Rest of the world 743 1 736 Total 450 851 493 298QUARTERLY DEVELOPMENT2023 2022 EUR thousand 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 Net sales 114 938 106 447 112 673 116 793 133 072 131 937 118 019 110 269 Comparable EBITDA 5 275 5 200 2 690 2 648 4 973 5 124 1 863 3 298 as % of net sales 4.6 4.9 2.4 2.3 3.7 3.9 1.6 3.0 Items affecting comparability -11 -26 -4 613 − -971 − − − EBITDA 5 263 5 174 -1 922 2 648 4 003 5 124 1 863 3 298 as % of net sales 4.6 4.9 -1.7 2.3 3.0 3.9 1.6 3.0 Comparable operating profit 670 666 -2 102 -1 985 -194 202 -2 903 -1 268 as % of net sales 0.6 0.6 -1.9 -1.7 -0.1 0.2 -2.5 -1.2 Items affecting comparability -11 -26 -4 621 -108 -4 795 − − − Operating profit 658 640 -6 722 -2 093 -4 989 202 -2 903 -1 268 as % of net sales 0.6 0.6 -6.0 -1.8 -3.7 0.2 -2.5 -1.2 Net financial items -2 005 -1 152 -1 293 -1 537 -2 639 -78 723 -930 Profit before income taxes -1 347 -512 -8 016 -3 630 -7 628 125 -2 180 -2 198 as % of net sales -1.2 -0.5 -7.1 -3.1 -5.7 0.1 -1.8 -2.0QUARTERLY SALES BY BUSINESS AREA2023 2022 EUR thousand 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 Americas 72 336 70 865 69 770 75 044 81 714 80 308 64 226 61 726 Europe 42 635 35 553 42 896 41 756 51 401 51 701 53 819 48 530 Unallocated exchange differences and eliminations -33 29 7 -8 -43 -72 -26 12 Total 114 938 106 447 112 673 116 793 133 072 131 937 118 019 110 269INFORMATION ON RELATED PARTIESSuominen Group's related parties include the parent of the Group (Suominen Corporation) and subsidiaries. In addition  the related parties of Suominen include the members of the Board of Directors  President & CEO and the members of the Executive Team as well as their family members and their controlled companies. In addition  shareholders who have a significant influence in Suominen through share ownership are included in related parties. Suominen has no associated companies.In its transactions with related parties Suominen follows the same commercial terms as in transactions with third parties.Management remunerationThe Annual General Meeting held on April 3  2023  resolved that 25% of the annual remuneration for the Board of Directors is paid in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The number of shares transferred to the members of the Board of Directors as their remuneration payable in shares for 2023 was 21 949 shares. The shares were transferred on May 10  2023  and the value of the transferred shares totaled EUR 61 457.The annual and meeting fees paid to the Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation in 2023 were in total EUR 289 thousand  of which EUR 61 thousand were paid in shares.Salaries paid or accrued  including fringe benefits  to President & CEO and other members of the Executive Team during January-December 2023 amounted to EUR 2 147 thousand  of which EUR 548 thousand was the value of the vested share-based payments. Obligatory pension payments and accruals were EUR 207 thousand and voluntary pension payments and accruals EUR 60 thousand. The accrual  excluding social costs  based on the non-vested share-based incentive plans in accordance with IFRS standards was EUR 414 thousand for the related parties for the reporting period. The amounts include severance payments.One of Suominen’s share-based plans vested and shares were transferred to the participants of the plan in February. The number of the shares transferred to the members of the Executive Team was 91 443 shares. The value of the shares and the portion settled in cash was EUR 548 thousand.Management share ownershipNumber of sharesBoard of Directors December 31  2023 December 31  2022 Jaakko Eskola  Chair of the Board of Directors 26 166 19 894 Andreas Ahlström  Deputy Chair of the Board 26 792 23 836 Aaron Barsness 5 459 2 503 Björn Borgman 24 902 21 946 Nina Linander 27 631 23 778 Laura Remes from April 3  2023 2 956 − Laura Raitio − 23 836 Total 113 906 115 793 Total % of shares and votes 0.20% 0.20% Executive Team Tommi Björnman 30 000 − Jonni Friman − − Markku Koivisto 53 172 36 482 Klaus Korhonen 52 630 36 592 Thomas Olsen − − Mimoun Saïm 92 923 65 502 Janne Silonsaari − − Lynda Kelly − 57 073 Toni Tamminen − 19 000 Total 228 725 214 649 Total % of shares and votes 0.39% 0.37%THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS ON DECEMBER 31  2023Shareholder Number of shares % of shares and votes 1. Ahlström Capital B.V. 13 995 013 24.0% 2. Etola Group Oy 7 414 000 12.7% 3. Oy Etra Invest Ab 7 000 000 12.0% 4. OP Life Assurance Company Ltd 4 128 708 7.1% 5. Nordea Nordic Small Cap Fund 3 435 147 5.9% 6. Mandatum Life Insurance Company 2 908 287 5.0% 7. Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company 1 912 000 3.3% 8. Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company 1 689 751 2.9% 9. Oy H. Kuningas & Co. AB 1 400 000 2.4% 10. Nordea Life Assurance Finland Ltd 1 379 866 2.4% 11. Maijala Investment Oy 1 176 232 2.0% 12. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ.) 1 037 686 1.8% 13. Laakkosen Arvopaperi Oy 900 000 1.5% 14. Juhani Maijala 794 026 1.4% 15. Pension Insurance Company Elo 689 430 1.2% 15 largest total 49 860 146 85.6% Other shareholders 6 564 969 11.3% Nominee registered 1 267 344 2.2% Treasury shares 566 760 1.0% Total 58 259 219 100.0%CHANGES IN PROPERTY  PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS31.12.2023 31.12.2022 EUR thousand Property  plant and equipment Intangible assets Right-of-use assets Property  plant and equipment Intangible assets Right-of-use assets Carrying amount at the beginning of the period 116 195 9 709 11 902 115 478 13 176 15 741 Capital expenditure and increases 11 054 169 2 410 9 275 438 705 Disposals and decreases 0 − -148 − − -27 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -12 012 -3 792 -2 876 -14 393 -3 869 -4 983 Exchange differences and other changes -2 510 -2 -180 5 835 -36 466 Carrying amount at the end of the period 112 727 6 084 11 109 116 195 9 709 11 902Intangible assets excluding goodwill.CONTINGENT LIABILITIESGuarantees and other commitments 2023 2022 On own commitments 2 440 3 102 Other own commitments 16 774 16 755 Total 19 214 19 857 Other contingencies Contractual commitments to acquire property  plant and equipment 1 368 2 641 Commitments to leases not yet commenced 1 485 429 Total 2 853 3 069Rental obligations Within one year 32 51 Between 1-5 years 39 47 After 5 years − − Total 71 98FINANCIAL ASSETS BY CATEGORYa. Fair value through profit or loss b. Financial assets at amortized cost c. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income d. Carrying amount e. Fair valueClassification EUR thousand a. b. c. d. e. Equity instruments − − 421 421 421 Trade receivables − 62 375 − 62 375 62 375 Interest and other financial receivables − 201 − 201 201 Cash and cash equivalents − 58 755 − 58 755 58 755 Total 31.12.2023 − 121 281 421 121 702 121 702 EUR thousand a. b. c. d. e. Equity instruments − − 421 421 421 Trade receivables − 66 648 − 66 648 66 648 Interest and other financial receivables − 334 − 334 334 Cash and cash equivalents − 49 508 − 49 508 49 508 Total 31.12.2022 − 116 490 421 116 911 116 911Principles in estimating fair value for financial assets for 2023 are the same as those used in consolidated financial statements for 2022.CHANGES IN INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIESEUR thousand 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Total interest-bearing liabilities at the beginning of the period 103 365 149 134 Current liabilities at the beginning of the period 42 855 86 823 Repayment of current liabilities  cash flow items -243 271 -88 003 Drawdown of current liabilities  cash flow items 240 000 40 000 Increases in current liabilities  non-cash flow items 782 260 Decreases of current liabilities  non-cash flow items -82 -15 Reclassification from non-current liabilities 2 878 2 770 Periodization of debentures to amortized cost  non-cash flow items − 938 Exchange rate difference  non-cash flow item -44 83 Current liabilities at the end of the period 43 117 42 855 Non-current liabilities at the beginning of the period 11 215 13 167 Increases in non-current liabilities  non-cash flow items 1 629 445 Decreases of non-current liabilities  non-cash flow items -67 -12 Reclassification to current liabilities -2 878 -2 770 Exchange rate difference  non-cash flow item -188 385 Non-current liabilities at the end of the period 9 711 11 215 Non-current debentures at the beginning of the period 49 295 49 144 Periodization of debentures to amortized cost  non-cash flow items 154 151 Non-current debentures at the end of the period 49 449 49 295 Total interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the period 102 278 103 365FINANCIAL LIABILITIES31.12.2023 31.12.2022 EUR thousand Carrying amount Fair value Nominal value Carrying amount Fair value Nominal value Non-current financial liabilities Debentures 49 449 42 080 50 000 49 295 39 425 50 000 Lease liabilities 9 711 9 711 9 711 11 215 11 215 11 215 Total non-current financial liabilities 59 160 51 791 59 711 60 510 50 640 61 215 Current financial liabilities Current loans from financial institutions 40 000 40 000 40 000 40 000 40 000 40 000 Lease liabilities 3 117 3 117 3 117 2 855 2 855 2 855 Interest accruals 626 626 626 734 734 734 Other current liabilities 508 508 508 353 353 353 Trade payables 60 562 60 562 60 562 64 565 64 565 64 565 Total current financial liabilities 104 814 104 814 104 814 108 506 108 506 108 506 Total 163 974 156 605 164 525 169 016 159 146 169 721The financial liabilities in the table above are measured at amortized cost.Principles in estimating fair value for financial liabilities for 2023 are the same as those used in consolidated financial statements for 2022.FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT HIERARCHYEUR thousandFair value hierarchy in 2023 Financial assets at fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Equity instruments − − 421 Total in 2022 − − 421Fair value hierarchy in 2022 Financial assets at fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Equity instruments − − 421 Total in 2022 − − 421Principles in estimating fair value for financial assets for 2023 are the same as those used in consolidated financial statements for 2022.SUOMINEN CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Tommi Björnman  President & CEO  tel. +358 10 214 3018Janne Silonsaari  CFO  tel. +358 50 409 9264Suominen manufactures nonwovens as roll goods for wipes and other applications. Our vision is to be the frontrunner for nonwovens innovation and sustainability. The end products made of Suominen’s nonwovens are present in people’s daily life worldwide. Suominen’s net sales in 2023 were EUR 450.9 million and we have nearly 700 professionals working in Europe and in the Americas. Suominen’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more at www.suominen.fi.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMain mediawww.suominen.fiAttachment",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.58,0.25,0.17,True,English,"['Financial Statements Release', 'Suominen Corporation', 'challenging environment', 'January', 'December', 'Outlook', 'February', '02:31', 'lower raw material prices', 'new environmentally friendly nonwovens', 'Suominen Corporation Financial Statements', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Tommi Björnman', 'Financial Statements Release', 'lower sales prices', 'other textiles industry', 'operational excellence improvements', 'new organizational model', 'EcoVadis sustainability assessment', 'silver level rating', 'ongoing improvement actions', 'Comparable operating profit', 'new model', 'sustainable nonwovens', 'other plants', 'new products', 'operational performance', 'operational efficiency', 'nonwovens market', 'challenging environment', 'Cash flow', 'Financial year', 'total amount', 'second half', 'first half', 'most part', 'European business', 'sustainable solutions', 'investment project', 'strong ability', 'second time', 'five points', 'Business areas', 'positive signals', 'profitable growth', 'business partners', 'productive cooperation', 'Comparable EBITDA', 'Net sales', 'sales margins', 'sustainable products', '57,692,459 issued shares', 'treasury shares', 'market needs', 'Key figures', 'comparison period', 'previous year', 'minor decline', 'Mozzate plant', 'base year', 'commercial teams', 'Board proposal', 'share Outlook', 'February', '9:30 a', 'January', 'December', 'operations', 'Earnings', 'Dividend', 'Return', 'capital', '12 months', 'Gearing', 'brackets', 'October', 'brief', 'Directors', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'distribution', 'company', 'number', 'President', 'CEO', 'terms', 'profitability', 'result', 'efforts', 'volumes', 'closure', 'production', 'Italy', 'decision', 'competitiveness', 'wipes', 'strategy', 'targets', '50% increase', 'Nakkila', 'Finland', 'capabilities', 'companies', 'manufacture', 'collaboration', 'customers', 'changes', 'journey', 'employees', 'commitment', 'contribution']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35813,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823979/0/en/Suominen-Corporation-s-Financial-Statements-Release-for-January-1-December-31-2023-Outlook-met-in-challenging-environment.html,Suominen Corporation’s Financial Statements Release for January 1 – December 31  2023: Outlook met in challenging environment,Suominen Corporation Financial Statements Release on February 6  2024 at 9:30 a.m. (EET) Suominen Corporation’s Financial Statements Release for January 1 – December 31  2023: Outlook met in challenging environment,"Suominen Corporation Financial Statements Release on February 6  2024 at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Suominen Corporation’s Financial Statements Release for January 1 – December 31  2023:Outlook met in challenging environmentKey figures10-12/ 10-12/ 1-12/ 1-12/ 2023 2022 2023 2022 Net sales  EUR million 114.9 133.1 450.9 493.3 Comparable EBITDA  EUR million 5.3 5.0 15.8 15.3 Comparable EBITDA  % 4.6 3.7 3.5 3.1 EBITDA  EUR million 5.3 4.0 11.2 14.3 EBITDA  % 4.6 3.0 2.5 2.9 Comparable operating profit  EUR million 0.7 -0.2 -2.8 -4.2 Comparable operating profit  % 0.6 -0.1 -0.6 -0.8 Operating profit  EUR million 0.7 -5.0 -7.5 -9.0 Operating profit  % 0.6 -3.7 -1.7 -1.8 Profit for the period  EUR million -1.4 -8.8 -12.8 -13.9 Cash flow from operations  EUR million 13.1 15.6 30.7 14.0 Cash flow from operations per share  EUR 0.23 0.27 0.53 0.24 Earnings per share  basic  EUR -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24 Dividend per share  EUR* − − 0.10 0.10 Return on invested capital  rolling 12 months  % − − -4.1 -4.2 Gearing  % − − 35.3 37.4 * 2023 Proposal of the Board to the Annual General MeetingIn this Financial Statements Release  the figures shown in brackets refer to the comparison period last year if not otherwise stated.October–December 2023 in brief:- Net sales decreased by 14% and were EUR 114.9 million (133.1)- Comparable EBITDA was EUR 5.3 million (5.0)- Cash flow from operations was EUR 13.1 million (15.6)Financial year 2023 in brief:- Net sales decreased by 9% and were EUR 450.9 million (493.3)- Comparable EBITDA was EUR 15.8 million (15.3)- Cash flow from operations totaled to EUR 30.7 million (14.0)- Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General meeting a dividend of EUR 0.10 per shareOutlook:Suominen expects that its comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) in 2024 will improve from 2023. In 2023  Suominen’s comparable EBITDA was EUR 15.8 million.Board proposal on distribution of dividend:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General meeting  that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share shall be distributed for the financial year 2023.On February 5  2024  the company had 57 692 459 issued shares  excluding treasury shares. With this number of shares  the total amount of dividends to be distributed would be EUR 5 769 245.90.Tommi Björnman  President and CEO:”Year 2023 was still challenging in terms of the profitability but in the second half our improvement actions started gradually to contribute to the result.Our comparable EBITDA increased slightly from the previous year and was EUR 15.8 million (15.3). After the first half of the year our commercial and operational excellence improvements started to contribute and we were able to improve our sales margins which translated into better EBITDA. We will systematically continue these efforts to improve our financial and operational performance going forward.Our net sales in 2023 were EUR 450.9 million (493.3). The decline from the previous year came mainly from lower sales prices driven by lower raw material prices and minor decline in volumes for the most part due to the closure of Mozzate plant.During the first half of the year  we closed our production in Mozzate  Italy. This decision was made to improve the competitiveness of our European business. We continue our actions to improve operational efficiency in our other plants.The wipes nonwovens market is rapidly transitioning towards more sustainable solutions. In line with our strategy  we have set targets to increase the sales of sustainable products and to continuously innovate new environmentally friendly nonwovens. In 2023 we increased the sales of sustainable products by 79% exceeding our target of 50% increase compared to our base year 2019. We also completed an investment project in Nakkila  Finland  to further strengthen our capabilities in sustainable nonwovens.Our strong ability to innovate and to meet market needs is reflected in the share of new products of our net sales  which exceeded 35%. By new products  we mean products launched less than three years ago.In 2023 we completed the EcoVadis sustainability assessment for the second time and received a silver level rating. We improved our rating by five points and this result places us in the top 5% of companies in the manufacture of other textiles industry rated by EcoVadis.In the end of the year  we announced our new organizational model. The new model strengthens collaboration between our commercial teams and production. Business areas are now responsible for both Sales and Production and that enables us to be more efficient  focused and agile when striving to improve our profitability and serve our customers even better.Looking at the year ahead we see some positive signals from the market and customers. I am confident that ongoing improvement actions and changes will help us in our journey towards profitable growth.Finally  I want to thank all our employees for their commitment and contribution and our business partners for productive cooperation in 2023.”NET SALESOctober–December 2023In the fourth quarter  Suominen’s net sales decreased by 14% from the comparison period to EUR 114.9 million (133.1). Sales volumes increased slightly from the comparison period while sales prices decreased clearly driven by the lower raw material prices. Currencies impacted net sales negatively by EUR 3.5 million.Net sales of the Americas business area amounted to EUR 72.3 million (81.7) and net sales of the Europe business area EUR 42.6 million (51.4).Financial year 2023In 2023  Suominen’s net sales decreased by 9% from the comparison period to EUR 450.9 million (493.3). The decrease in sales was driven by lower sales prices resulting from lower raw material prices. Sales volumes decreased slightly from 2022 mainly related to the plant closure in Mozzate. Currencies impacted net sales negatively by EUR 6.8 million.Net sales of Americas business area were EUR 288.0 million (288.0) and net sales of Europe business area EUR 162.8 million (205.5).EBITDA  OPERATING PROFIT AND RESULTOctober–December 2023Comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) was EUR 5.3 million (5.0). EBITDA was EUR 5.3 million (4.0). The main reasons for the result increase were improved sales margins and slightly higher sales volumes. Currencies impacted EBITDA negatively by EUR 0.1 million.Comparable operating profit improved from the corresponding period of the previous year and was EUR 0.7 million (-0.2). Operating profit was EUR 0.7 million (-5.0).Items affecting comparability of EBITDA as well as operating profit in 2023 were EUR 0.01 million and they were related to the closure of Mozzate plant. In the fourth quarter of 2022  items affecting comparability of EBITDA were EUR -1.0 million and of operating profit EUR -4.8 million.Result before income taxes in the fourth quarter was EUR -1.3 million (-7.6) and profit for the period EUR -1.4 million (-8.8). The income taxes for the period were EUR -0.1 million (-1.2).Financial year 2023Comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) was EUR 15.8 million (15.3). EBITDA was EUR 11.2 million (14.3). Comparable EBITDA increase was driven by the improved sales margins while sales volumes decreased slightly due to Mozzate closure. Currencies impacted EBITDA positively by EUR 0.6 million. Items affecting comparability of EBITDA were -4.7 EUR million (-1.0)  related to the closure of Mozzate plant.Comparable operating profit amounted to EUR -2.8 million (-4.2). Operating profit amounted to EUR -7.5 million (-9.0).Items affecting comparability of operating profit were EUR -4.8 million (-4.8)  related to the closure of Mozzate plant.In 2023  profit before income taxes was EUR -13.5 million (-11.9). Income taxes for the financial year were EUR 0.7 million (-2.0).The profit for the period was EUR -12.8 million (-13.9).FINANCINGThe Group’s net interest-bearing liabilities  calculated with the nominal value of the interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the review period  December 31  2023  amounted to EUR 44.1 million (54.6). Gearing was 35.3% (37.4%) and equity ratio 39.5% (42.5%).In 2023  net financial expenses were EUR -6.0 million (-2.9)  or 1.3% (0.6%) of net sales. Net effect of changes in foreign exchange rates in financial items were EUR -0.6 million (+2.8).Cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter was EUR 13.1 million (15.6). Cash flow from operations in 2023 was EUR 30.7 million (14.0). Cash flow from operations per share in 2023 was EUR 0.53 (0.24). The financial items in the cash flow from operations  in total EUR -5.0 million (-4.7)  were principally impacted by the interests paid during the reporting period. The change in the net working capital in 2023 was EUR 25.7 million positive (EUR 7.8 million positive) mainly thanks to less cash being tied up to inventory.CAPITAL EXPENDITUREIn 2023  the gross capital expenditure totaled EUR 11.2 million (9.7) and the largest item was related to the growth investment initiatives in Nakkila  Finland. Other investments were mainly for maintenance.Depreciations and amortizations were EUR -18.6 million (-19.4) and impairment losses were EUR -0.1 million (-3.8).CLOSURE OF MOZZATE PLANT IN ITALYIn 2023  Suominen completed the consultation procedure with local trade unions regarding the plan to permanently close manufacturing at the Mozzate plant. Following the completion of the process  Suominen moved forward with its plan which led to the closure of manufacturing at the plant and termination of employment of 55 employees in Mozzate.The terminations resulted in approximately EUR 2.2 million non-recurring expenses which were recognized in the second quarter of 2023. In addition  other non-recurring expenses related to the closure amounted to EUR 2.6 million during 2023.PERSONNELDuring 2023  Suominen employed 682 FTEs (707) on average  and 659 (710) FTEs at the end of 2023. The decrease is mainly due to the personnel reductions related to the closure of Mozzate plant.PROGRESS IN SUSTAINABILITYWe have a comprehensive approach to sustainability and our Sustainability agenda 2020‒2025 defines our focus areas and their KPIs.We have strong focus on safety and accident prevention  and our long-term target is to have zero lost-time accidents. In 2023  Suominen had 6 (2) lost time accidents.Increasing employee engagement is another of our key people-related targets. We conducted a fourth consecutive global employee engagement survey in 2023 and based on the results our employee engagement index is 66% (65%). The index is a combination of questions concerning our people's retention  likelihood to recommend the company  organizational pride and commitment. Our target is that our engagement index will be 73% by 2025.We are committed to continuously improving our production efficiency and the efficient utilization of natural resources. Our target is to reduce our energy consumption  greenhouse gas emissions  water consumption and waste to landfill by 20% per ton of product by 2025 compared to the base year of 2019. By the end of 2023  our water consumption has decreased by 0.7% and greenhouse gas emissions by 14.9% per ton of product compared to 2019. We did not succeed in our targets to reduce our energy consumption and waste to landfill in 2023. As an example of our continuous work to decrease our greenhouse gas emissions  we shifted to fossil free electricity in our Paulínia plant in Brazil. All our European plants shifted to fossil free electricity in 2022.Regarding sustainable products  our target is to increase their sales by 50% by 2025 and to have over 10 sustainable product launches per year. In 2023  we launched 12 sustainable products  and the sales of sustainable product sales has increased by 79% compared to the base year of 2019.As part of our Annual Report 2023 which will be published in the week starting on March 11  2024  we report the development of our sustainability performance. Our sustainability reporting in 2023 is in accordance with the GRI Standards by the Global Reporting Initiative and it is assured by an independent assurance provider.SHARE INFORMATIONShare capitalThe number of Suominen’s registered shares was 58 259 219 on December 31  2023  equaling to a share capital of EUR 11 860 056.00. Suominen has one series of shares. Each share carries one vote in the Shareholders’ Meeting and right to an equally-sized dividend. Suominen’s shares are affiliated in a book-entry system.Share trading and priceThe number of Suominen Corporation shares (SUY1V) traded on Nasdaq Helsinki from January 1 to December 31  2023  was 2 743 668 shares  accounting for 4.8% of the average number of shares (excluding treasury shares). The highest price was EUR 3.48  the lowest EUR 2.48  and the volume-weighted average price EUR 2.85. The closing price at the beginning of the review period  on January 2  2023  was EUR 3.06 and the closing price on the last trading date of the review period  on December 29  2023  was EUR 2.85.The market capitalization (excluding treasury shares) was EUR 164.4 million on December 31  2023.Treasury sharesOn December 31  2023  Suominen Corporation held 566 760 treasury shares.As a share-based incentive plan vested  in total 189 783 shares were transferred to the participants of the plan in February.In accordance with the resolution by the Annual General Meeting (AGM)  in total 21 949 shares were transferred to the members of the Board of Directors as their remuneration payable in shares during the reporting period.The portion of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors paid in sharesThe AGM held on April 3  2023  decided that 75% of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The shares were given out of the treasury shares held by the company on May 10  2023.Authorizations of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase a maximum of 1 000 000 of the company’s own shares. The company’s own shares shall be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the holdings of the shareholders by using the non-restricted equity through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition. The shares shall be repurchased and paid in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. The shares shall be repurchased to be used in company’s share-based incentive programs  in order to disburse the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for use as consideration in acquisitions related to the company’s business  or to be held by the company  to be conveyed by other means or to be cancelled. The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the repurchase of the company’s own shares. The repurchase authorization shall be valid until June 30  2024  and it revokes all earlier authorizations to repurchase company’s own shares.The AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on issuing new shares and/or conveying the company’s own shares held by the company and/or granting options and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. New shares may be issued  and the company’s own shares may be conveyed to the company’s shareholders in proportion to their current shareholdings in the company; or by waiving the shareholder’s pre-emption right  through a directed share issue if the company has a weighty financial reason to do so  such as  for example  using the shares as consideration in possible acquisitions or other arrangements related to the company’s business  as financing for investments  using shares as part of the company’s incentive program or using the shares for disbursing the portion of the Board members’ remuneration that is to be paid in shares. The new shares may also be issued without payment to the company itself. New shares may be issued and/or company’s own shares held by the company  or its group company may be conveyed at the maximum amount of 5 000 000 shares in aggregate.The Board of Directors may grant options and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  which carry the right to receive against payment new shares or own shares held by the company. The right may also be granted to the company’s creditor in such a manner that the right is granted on condition that the creditor’s receivable is used to set off the subscription price (“Convertible Bond”). However  options and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act cannot be granted as part of the company’s remuneration plan.The maximum number of new shares that may be subscribed and own shares held by the company that may be conveyed by virtue of the options and other special rights granted by the company is 5 000 000 shares in total which number is included in the maximum number stated above.The authorizations shall revoke all earlier authorizations regarding share issue and issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other terms and conditions related to the authorizations. The authorizations shall be valid until June 30  2024.In accordance with the resolution by the Annual General Meeting  in total 21 949 shares were transferred to the members of the Board of Directors as their remuneration payable in shares during the reporting period.In February 2023  in accordance with the share-based incentive plan  189 783 shares were transferred to the participants of the plan.After these transactions  the maximum amount of the authorization is 4 788 268 shares in aggregate.Share-based incentive plans for the management and key employees valid in 2023The Group management and key employees participate in the company’s share-based long-term incentive plans. The plans are described in more detail in the Financial Statements and in the Remuneration Report  available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi.Company's Performance Share Plan currently includes three 3-year performance periods  calendar years 2021–2023  2022–2024 and 2023–2025. The aim of the Performance Share Plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and the persons participating in the plan in order to increase the value of the company in long-term  to build loyalty to the company and to offer them competitive reward plans based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares.Performance Share Plan: Ongoing performance periodsPerformance Period 2021–2023 2022–2024 2023–2025 Incentive based on Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Potential reward payment Will be paid partly in Suominen shares and partly in cash in spring 2024 Will be paid partly in Suominen shares and partly in cash in spring 2025 Will be paid partly in Suominen shares and partly in cash in spring 2026 Participants 15 people 21 people 23 people Maximum number of shares 232 000 222 000 687 000The President & CEO of the company must hold 50% of the net number of shares given on the basis of the plan  as long as his or her shareholding in total corresponds to the value of his or her annual gross salary. A member of the Executive Team must hold 50% of the net number of shares given on the basis of the plan  as long as his or her shareholding in total corresponds to the value of half of his or her annual gross salary. Such a number of shares must be held as long as the participant’s employment or service in a group company continues.The President & CEO’s share-based incentive planThe Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation resolved on May 19 to establish a new share-based incentive plan for the company’s President & CEO. The aim of the plan is to align the objectives of the shareholders and the President & CEO in order to increase the value of Suominen in the long-term  to retain the President & CEO at the company  and to offer him a competitive reward plan that is based on acquiring  receiving and accumulating the company's shares.Under the plan the President & CEO is expected to own or acquire up to 30 000 shares of Suominen Corporation at a price formed in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki. Suominen will match the share investment by way of the President & CEO receiving  without consideration  up to 60 000 matching shares (gross  including also the proportion to be paid in cash).The plan includes three vesting periods  June 1  2023–June 1  2024  June 1  2023–June 1  2025  and June 1  2023–June 1  2026. The potential reward will be paid partly in shares and partly in cash in three equal installments after each vesting period  provided that the President & CEO’s service in the company is in force at the time of the reward payment. The cash proportion is intended to cover taxes and tax-related costs arising from the rewards to the President & CEO.SHAREHOLDERSAt the end of the review period  on December 31  2023  Suominen Corporation had in total 5 376 shareholders. Suominen is not aware of any shareholder agreements related with the shareholding or use of voting rights. Detailed information on the management shareholding and a table presenting the largest shareholders is available in the notes of this Financial Statements Release.Notifications under Chapter 9  Section 10 of the Securities Market ActDuring the review period Suominen received no notifications under Chapter 9  Section 5 of the Securities Market Act.CHANGES IN THE EXECUTIVE TEAMKlaus Korhonen  SVP  HR & Legal acted as interim President & CEO until March 31  2023.Toni Tamminen  CFO  left Suominen on February 3  2023.Tommi Björnman started as the President & CEO on April 1  2023.Janne Silonsaari started as the CFO on June 1  2023.Jonni Friman started as SVP  Transformation Management Office on June 1  2023.Lynda Kelly  SVP  Americas & Business Development left Suominen on August 22  2023. Markku Koivisto  SVP  Europe & R&D was appointed as interim SVP  Americas until October 31  2023.Thomas Olsen started as SVP  Americas on November 1  2023.COMPOSITION OF THE NOMINATION BOARDSuominen’s three largest registered shareholders Ahlstrom Capital B.V.  Etola Group Oy and Oy Etra Invest Ab have nominated the following members to the Shareholders’ Nomination Board:Lasse Heinonen  President & CEO of A. Ahlström Corporation  as a member appointed by Ahlstrom Capital B.V.Mikael Etola  CEO  Etola-Yhtiöt  as a member appointed by Etola Group Oy and Oy Etra Invest AbJaakko Eskola  Chair of Suominen’s Board of Directors  serves as the third member of the Nomination Board. The shareholders entitled to appoint members to the Nomination Board were determined on the basis of the registered holdings in the company’s shareholders' register on September 1  2023.In its organizing meeting on September 4  2023  the Nomination Board elected Lasse Heinonen as the Chair of the Nomination Board. The Nomination Board decided to invite Peter Seligson  Chair of the Board of Directors of A. Ahlström Corporation  to attend the Nomination Board’s meetings as an advisor.PROPOSALS OF THE NOMINATION BOARD TO THE AGM 2024Proposal on the number of the members  on the composition  and on the Chair of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board of Suominen Corporation’s shareholders proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members remains unchanged and would be six (6).The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Andreas Ahlström  Aaron Barsness  Björn Borgman  Nina Linander and Laura Remes would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and that Charles Héaulmé would be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors.Jaakko Eskola  the current Chair of the Board of Directors  has informed that he is not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Charles Héaulmé (born 1966  B. Sc. (Business Administration)  French citizen) currently works as the President and CEO of Huhtamäki Oyj. Prior to that he has held a number of executive positions at Tetra Pak in Europe and Americas.All candidates have given their consent to the election. All candidates are independent of the company. The candidates are also independent of Suominen’s significant shareholders  with the exception of Andreas Ahlström who acts currently as Investment Director at A. Ahlström Corporation. The largest shareholder of Suominen Corporation  Ahlstrom Capital B.V. is a group company of A. Ahlström Corporation.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Charles Héaulmé would be elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. In preparing its proposals the Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  has determined that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole also has the best possible expertise for the company and that the composition of the Board of Directors meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.Proposal on the Board remunerationThe Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the Board of Directors would be as follows: the Chair would be paid an annual fee of EUR 74 000 (2023: EUR 70 000)  the Deputy Chair an annual fee of EUR 45 000 (2023: 33 000) and other Board members an annual fee of EUR 35 000 (2023: EUR 33 000). The Nomination Board also proposes that the additional fee paid to the Chair of the Audit Committee would remain unchanged and be EUR 10 000.Further  the Nomination Board proposes that the fees payable for each Board and Committee meeting would remain unchanged and be as follows: EUR 500 for each meeting held in the home country of the respective member  EUR 1 000 for each meeting held elsewhere than in the home country of the respective member and EUR 500 for each meeting attended by telephone or other electronic means. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.75% of the annual fees is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The shares will be transferred out of the own shares held by the company by the decision of the Board of Directors within two weeks from the date on which the interim report of January–March 2024 of the company is published.Compensation for expenses will be paid in accordance with the company's valid travel policy.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Suominen Corporation was held on April 3  2023.The AGM adopted the Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year 2022 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President & CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. The AGM approved the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies. The AGM also approved the amendment of the company’s Articles of Association in such a way that it enables the organization of General Meetings in the future also entirely without a meeting venue as a remote meeting.The AGM decided  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share will be paid.The AGM confirmed the remuneration of the Board of Directors. The Chair will be paid an annual fee of EUR 70 000 and the Deputy Chair and other Board members an annual fee of EUR 33 000. Chair of the Audit Committee will be paid an additional fee of EUR 10 000. Further  the members of the Board will receive a fee for each Board and Committee meeting as follows: EUR 500 for each meeting held in the home country of the respective member  EUR 1 000 for each meeting held elsewhere than in the home country of the respective member and EUR 500 for each meeting held as a telephone conference.75% of the remuneration is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. Compensation for expenses is paid in accordance with the company's valid travel policy.The AGM decided that the number of Board members remains unchanged at six (6). Mr. Andreas Ahlström  Mr. Aaron Barsness  Mr. Björn Borgman  Mr. Jaakko Eskola  Ms. Nina Linander were re-elected as members of the Board. Ms. Laura Remes was elected as a new member of the Board.Mr. Jaakko Eskola was re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.Ernst & Young Oy  Authorised Public Accountant firm  was re-elected as the auditor of the company for the next term of office in accordance with the Articles of Association. Ernst & Young Oy appointed Mr. Toni Halonen  Authorised Public Accountant  as the principally responsible auditor of the company.The AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares and to resolve on the issuance of shares and granting of options and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The terms and conditions of the authorization are explained earlier in this report.Suominen published a stock exchange release on April 3  2023  concerning the resolutions of the Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors. The stock exchange release and an introduction of the new Board member can be viewed on Suominen’s website at www.suominen.fi.In compliance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  on April 14  2023  Suominen paid out dividends in total of EUR 5.8 million for 2022  corresponding to EUR 0.10 per share.Organizing meeting and permanent committees of the Board of DirectorsIn its organizing meeting held after the AGM  the Board of Directors elected Andreas Ahlström as Deputy Chair of the Board.The Board of Directors elected from among its members the members for the Audit Committee and Personnel and Remuneration Committee. Nina Linander was re-elected as the Chair of the Audit Committee and Andreas Ahlström was re-elected as member. Laura Remes was elected as a new member. Jaakko Eskola was re-elected as the Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee and Björn Borgman and Aaron Barsness were re-elected as members.BUSINESS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIESManufacturing risksSuominen has production plants in several European countries  United States and Brazil. Interruptions at the plants caused for example by machinery breakdown can cause production losses and delivery problems. Ongoing maintenance and investments aiming to extend the lifetime of the assets are an essential part of ensuring the operational efficiency of the existing production lines.Suominen’s operations could be disrupted due to abrupt and unforeseen events beyond the company's control  such as power outages or fire and water damage. Suominen may not be able to control such events through predictive actions  which could lead to interruptions in business. Risks of this type are insured in order to guarantee the continuity of operations. As Suominen has valid property damage and business interruption insurances  it is expected that the damage would be compensated  and the financial losses caused by the interruption of business would be covered.Suominen uses certain technologies in its production. In the management’s view  the chosen technologies are competitive and there is no need to make major investments in new technologies. However  it cannot be excluded that the company’s technology choices could prove wrong  and the development of new or substitute technologies would then require investments.CompetitionSuominen has numerous regional  national and global competitors in its different product groups. Products based on new technologies and imports from countries of lower production costs may reduce Suominen’s competitive edge. If Suominen is not able to compete with an attractive product offering  it may lose some of its market share. Competition may lead to increased pricing pressure on the company’s products.Price and availability of raw materialsSuominen purchases significant amounts of pulp- and oil-based raw materials. Raw materials are the largest cost item for operations. Changes in the global market prices of raw materials can have an impact on the company’s profitability. Suominen’s stocks equal two to four weeks’ consumption and it generally takes two to five months for raw material price changes to be reflected in Suominen’s customer pricing either through automatic pricing mechanisms or negotiated price changes.Extended interruptions in the supply of Suominen’s main raw materials could disrupt production and have a negative impact on the Group’s overall business operations. As Suominen sources most of its raw materials from a number of major international suppliers  significant interruptions in the production of the majority of Suominen’s products are unlikely.Price and availability of energyEnergy costs represent a significant portion of Suominen's production costs. Suominen consumes mainly electricity and gas. Higher prices as well as reduced availability of energy could have an impact on Suominen's profitability through increased production costs.Market and customer risksSuominen’s customer base is fairly concentrated  which increases the potential impact of changes in customer specific sales volumes. In 2023  the Group’s ten largest customers accounted for 69.9% (64.3%) of the Group net sales. Long-term contracts are preferred with the largest customers. In practice  the customer relationships are long-term and last for several years. Customer-related credit risks are managed in accordance with a credit policy approved by the Board of Directors. Credit limits are confirmed for customers on the basis of credit ratings and customer history.The demand for Suominen’s products depends on possible changes in consumer preferences. Historically  such changes have had mainly a positive impact on Suominen  as they have resulted in the growing demand for products made of nonwovens. For example  the COVID-19 pandemic increased the demand for nonwovens for cleaning and disinfecting wipes. However  certain factors  including consumers’ attitude towards the use of products made even partially of oil-based raw materials  or their perception on the sustainability of disposable products in general  might change the consumers’ buying habits. Suominen monitors the consumer trends proactively and develops its product offering accordingly. The company has had biodegradable  100% plant-based nonwovens in its portfolio for over 15 years and hence is well positioned to respond to changes in customer preferences related to sustainability and climate change.Generally  the demand for nonwovens for wipes has been resilient to changing economic conditions. However  it is conceivable that high consumer price inflation could lead to decline in end consumer demand for wiping products as the consumers’ available income effectively decreases.Regarding the war in Ukraine  the direct impact to Suominen’s business is minor as we have no customers nor suppliers in Russia  Belarus or Ukraine. Suominen is mostly affected by the indirect economic impacts of the war which contribute to the cost inflation.The instabilities in different parts of the world continue to cause general uncertainty.Changes in legislation  political environment  or economic conditionsSuominen’s business and products can be affected directly or indirectly by political decisions and changes in government regulations for example in areas such as environmental policy or waste legislation. An example of such legislation is the EU's Single-Use Plastics Directive that focuses on reducing marine litter. The potential exists for similar regulations to expand worldwide. This creates demand for more sustainable products  and Suominen is well placed to respond to this increasing demand.Global political developments could have an adverse effect on Suominen. For instance  a political decision that constrains the global free trade may significantly impact the availability and price of certain raw materials  which would in turn affect Suominen’s business and profitability. Suominen’s geographical and customer-industry diversity provide partial protection against this risk.The relevance of the United States in Suominen’s business operations increases the significance of the exchange rate risk related to USD in the Group’s total foreign exchange position. Suominen hedges this foreign exchange position in accordance with its hedging policy.The risks that are characteristic to South American region  including significant changes in political environment or exchange rates  could have an impact on Suominen’s operations in Brazil.InvestmentsSuominen continuously invests in its manufacturing facilities. The deployment of the investments may delay from what was planned  the costs of the investments may increase from what has been expected or the investments may create less business benefits than anticipated. The deployment phase of investments may cause temporary interruptions in operations.Cyber and information securitySuominen’s operations are dependent on the integrity  security and stable operation of its information and communication systems and software as well as on the successful management of cyber attack risks. If Suominen’s information and communication systems and software were to become unusable or significantly impaired for an extended period of time  or the cyber attack risks are realized  Suominen’s reputation as well as ability to deliver products at the appointed time  order raw materials and handle inventory could be adversely impacted.Financial risksThe Group is exposed to several financial risks  such as foreign exchange  interest rate  counterparty  liquidity and credit risks. The Group’s financial risks are managed in line with a policy confirmed by the Board of Directors. The financial risks are described in the Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.Suominen is subject to corporate income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required to determine the total amount of corporate income tax at Group level. There are many transactions and calculations that leave room for uncertainty as to the final amount of the income taxes. Tax risks relate also to changes in tax rates or tax legislation or misinterpretations  and materialization of the risks could result in increased payments or sanctions by the tax authorities  which in turn could lead to financial loss. Deferred tax assets included in the statement of financial position require that the deferred tax assets can be recovered against the future taxable income.Suominen performs goodwill impairment testing annually. In impairment testing the recoverable amounts are determined as the value in use  which comprises of the discounted projected future cash flows. Actual cash flows can differ from the discounted projected future cash flows. Uncertainties related to the projected future cash flows include  among others  the long economic useful life of the assets and changes in the forecast sales prices of Suominen’s products  production costs as well as discount rates used in testing. Due to the uncertainty inherent in the future  it is possible that Suominen’s recoverable amounts will be insufficient to cover the carrying amounts of assets  particularly goodwill. If this happens  it will be necessary to recognize an impairment loss  which  when implemented  will weaken the result and equity. Goodwill impairment testing has been described in the consolidated financial statements.BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTSuominen’s nonwovens are  for the most part  used in daily consumer goods such as wet wipes as well as in hygiene and medical products. In these target markets of Suominen the general economic situation determines the development of consumer demand even though the demand for consumer goods is not very cyclical in nature. North America and Europe are the largest market areas for Suominen. In addition  the company operates in the South American markets. The growth in the demand for nonwovens has typically exceeded the growth of gross domestic product by a couple of percentage points.We see some positive signals from the market and customers  but the overall global economic uncertainty and fierce competition continue to make the longer-term visibility challenging. It remains to be seen how the current economic climate impacts the end consumer demand and consumer preferences regarding wipes. Historically  the wipes market has been rather steady despite the general economic situation.Instabilities in Israel and lately in Suez Canal  and the war in Ukraine continue to generate uncertainty globally. Possible impacts to Suominen are expected to be indirect and we continue to monitor the situations.OUTLOOKSuominen expects that its comparable EBITDA (earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) in 2024 will improve from 2023. In 2023  Suominen’s comparable EBITDA was EUR 15.8 million.PROPOSAL ON DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDSThe profit of the financial year 2023 of Suominen Corporation  the parent company of Suominen Group  was EUR 6 017 124.66. The funds distributable as dividends  including the profit for the period  were EUR 16 338 510 and total distributable funds were EUR 92 030 846.The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share shall be distributed for the financial year 2023 and that the profit shall be transferred to retained earnings.On February 5  2024  the company had 57 692 459 issued shares  excluding treasury shares. With this number of shares  the total amount of dividends to be distributed would be EUR 5 769 245.90.There have been no significant changes in the company’s financial position after the end of the review period.The record date is April 8  2024  and the dividend will be paid on April 15  2024.DISCLOSURE OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT  REMUNERATION REPORT  THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  THE REPORT BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND NON-FINANCIAL REPORTSuominen will publish its Financial Statements  Report by the Board of Directors  Auditor’s Report  Corporate Governance Statement  Remuneration Report and Non-Financial Report including EU Taxonomy report  concerning the financial year 2023  as part of the Annual Report during the week commencing March 11  2024. The above documents will be published as a Stock Exchange Release and they will be available also at www.suominen.fi.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024The Annual General Meeting of Suominen Corporation is planned to be held on April 4  2024. The Board of Directors will convene the Annual General Meeting by issuing a Notice to the Annual General Meeting as a Stock Exchange Release. The notice to the Annual General Meeting will also be published at www.suominen.fi.EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIODThe Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation resolved on a new share-based incentive plan for management and key employeesThe Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation has resolved to establish a new share-based incentive plan for key employees of the group. The purpose of the plan is to align the interests of the company’s shareholders and key employees to increase the company’s value in the long-term  to commit key employees to implement the company's strategy  objectives and long-term interest  and to reward them for high performance.The Performance Share Plan 2024–2028 consists of three performance periods  covering the financial years 2024–2026  2025–2027 and 2026–2028 respectively. The Board of Directors will resolve annually on the commencement and details of a performance period.In the plan  the target group has an opportunity to earn Suominen shares based on performance. The performance criteria of the performance period 2024-2026 are tied to Absolute Total Shareholder Return (weight 40%) covering the years 2024-2026  Relative Total Shareholder Return (weight 40%) covering the years 2024-2026  and operative performance and sustainability goal (weight 20%) covering the year 2024 and measuring the company’s target to improve its raw material efficiency. The potential rewards from the plan will be paid after the end of the performance period.The value of the rewards to be paid on the basis of the plan corresponds to a maximum total of 1 090 349 shares of Suominen  including also the proportion to be paid in cash. The target group in the performance period 2024—2026 consists of 27 key employees  including the CEO and other members of the Executive Management Team.The potential reward will be paid partly in Suominen’s shares and partly in cash. The cash proportion of the reward is intended to cover taxes and statutory social security contributions arising from the reward to the key employee. As a rule  no reward will be paid if the key employee’s employment or director contract terminates before the reward payment.The Executive Management Team member must hold 50 per cent of the received shares  until the value of the Executive Management Team member’s total shareholding in Suominen equals to 50 per cent of their annual base salary for the calendar year preceding the payment of the reward. Respectively  the CEO must hold 50 per cent of the received shares  until the value of the CEO’s total shareholding in Suominen equals to 100 per cent of the CEO’s annual base salary for the preceding calendar year. Such number of Suominen shares must be held as long as the membership in the Executive Management Team or the position as the CEO continues.THE NEXT FINANCIAL REPORTSuominen Corporation will publish its Interim Report for January–March 2024 on Tuesday  May 7  2024.ANALYST AND NEWS CONFERENCETommi Björnman  President & CEO  and Janne Silonsaari  CFO  will present the result in English in an audiocast and a conference call for analyst  investors  and media on the same day at 11:00 a.m. (EET). The audiocast can be followed at https://suominen.videosync.fi/2023-financial-statements-release/register. The recording of the audiocast and the presentation material will be available after the event at www.suominen.fi.Conference call participants can access the teleconference by registering at http://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=10012058. The phone numbers and a conference ID to access the conference will be provided after the registration.The event cannot be attended on the spot.SUOMINEN GROUP JANUARY 1 – DECEMBER 31  2023The consolidated financial statements of Suominen have been audited. The Auditor’s report has been signed on February 5  2024. Quarterly information  half-year report and interim reports have not been audited.As result of rounding differences  the figures presented in the tables do not necessarily add up to total.ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLESThe consolidated financial statements of Suominen Group are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  including International Accounting Standards (IAS) and Interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (SIC and IFRIC). International Financial Reporting Standards are standards and their interpretations adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Notes to the Financial Statements are also in accordance with the Finnish Accounting Act and Ordinance and the Finnish Companies' Act.This financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles defined in IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting as approved by the European Union. Financial statement release does not include all information required for full financial statements.The principles for preparing consolidated financial statements are mainly the same as those used for preparing the consolidated financial statements for 2022. The new or amended standard  annual improvements  or interpretations applicable from January 1  2023  are presented below.New or amended standard  annual improvements or interpretations applicable from January 1  2023:- Disclosure of Accounting Policies – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2  applicable from January 1  2023. The amendment replaced the requirement to disclose ""significant"" accounting policies with a requirement to disclose ""material"" accounting policies. The amendment aims to help companies to disclose accounting policies  which are material for users to understand the information in the company's financial statements. The amendments require judgement in determining whether accounting policies are material or not. The amendment has had some effect on the disclosure of accounting policies in Suominen's consolidated financial statements  as the accounting principles presented in the consolidated financial statements concentrate on presenting the accounting principles which are material for Suominen.- Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8  applicable from January 1  2023. The amendments clarified the distinction between the changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors. The amendment clarified that the effects on an accounting estimate of a change in an input or a change in a measurement technique are changes in accounting estimates if they do not result from the correction of prior period errors. The amendment did not have any material impact on Suominen's consolidated financial statements.- Amendments to IAS 12 – Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction  applicable from January 1  2023. The amendments are to be applied to transactions that occur on or after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.The amendment narrowed the scope of the initial recognition exception under IAS 12  so that it no longer applies to taxable and deductible temporary differences. The amendment clarifies deferred tax accounting for transactions and events  such as leases and decommissioning obligations that lead to the initial recognition of both an asset and a liability. The amendments require companies to recognize a separate deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability when the temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of an asset and a liability are equal.As in the most cases the deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from recognition of leases can be offset with each other  the amendment has not material effect on the consolidated statement of financial position of Suominen. The amendment will  however  change the disclosure information in the consolidated financial statements related to the deferred taxes. The disclosure information from the previous period has been restated.IAS 12 Income Taxes applies to income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar II Rules published by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). International Tax Reform – Pillar II Model Rules – Amendment to IAS 12  effective for reporting periods beginning on or after January 1  2023  introduced a mandatory exception in IAS 12 from recognizing and disclosing deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar II income taxes. As the Pillar II Rules apply to multinational groups with consolidated net sales over EUR 750 million  Suominen is not subject to Pillar II Rules.Other new or amended standards  improvements  or annual improvements applicable from January 1  2023  or later were not material for Suominen Group.New and amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations published but mandatory from January 1  2024  or later:- Amendments to IAS 1 – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  applicable from January 1  2024. The amendment specifies the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current  by clarifying for example what is meant by a right to defer settlement  that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period and that classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right. The amendment will be applied retrospectively. The amendment has no effect on the consolidated financial statements of Suominen.Other new or amended standards  improvements or annual improvements applicable from January 1  2024  or later are not material for Suominen Group.STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONEUR thousand 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Assets Non-current assets Goodwill 15 496 15 496 Intangible assets 6 084 9 709 Property  plant and equipment 112 727 116 195 Right-of-use assets 11 109 11 902 Equity instruments 421 421 Other non-current receivables 83 93 Deferred tax assets 2 048 693 Total non-current assets 147 967 154 510 Current assets Inventories 37 914 63 261 Trade receivables 62 325 66 648 Other current receivables 7 345 8 857 Assets for current tax 2 128 662 Cash and cash equivalents 58 755 49 508 Total current assets 168 467 188 935 Total assets 316 434 343 445 Equity and liabilities Equity Share capital 11 860 11 860 Share premium account 24 681 24 681 Reserve for invested unrestricted equity 75 692 75 692 Fair value and other reserves 316 265 Exchange differences 111 2 678 Retained earnings 12 251 30 740 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 124 912 145 916 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities 9 362 11 730 Liabilities from defined benefit plans 179 424 Non-current provisions 564 1 950 Non-current lease liabilities 9 711 11 215 Debentures 49 449 49 295 Total non-current liabilities 69 265 74 614 Current liabilities Current provisions 3 870 − Current lease liabilities 3 117 2 855 Other current interest-bearing liabilities 40 000 40 000 Liabilities for current tax 148 289 Trade payables and other current liabilities 75 122 79 771 Total current liabilities 122 257 122 915 Total liabilities 191 522 197 529 Total equity and liabilities 316 434 343 445STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSSEUR thousand 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Net sales 114 938 133 072 450 851 493 298 Cost of goods sold -106 491 -131 273 -428 122 -474 718 Gross profit 8 447 1 800 22 729 18 579 Other operating income 527 1 636 4 802 5 739 Sales  marketing and administration expenses -7 379 -7 381 -28 497 -28 932 Research and development expenses -855 -932 -3 851 -3 503 Other operating expenses -81 -112 -2 700 -841 Operating profit 658 -4 989 -7 517 -8 958 Net financial expenses -2 005 -2 639 -5 987 -2 923 Profit before income taxes -1 347 -7 628 -13 504 -11 881 Income taxes -80 -1 183 719 -1 983 Profit for the period -1 426 -8 810 -12 786 -13 863 Earnings per share  EUR Basic -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24 Diluted -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEEUR thousand 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Profit for the period -1 426 -8 810 -12 786 -13 863 Other comprehensive income: Other comprehensive income that will be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss Exchange differences -4 631 -11 565 -2 991 8 873 Income taxes related to other comprehensive income 506 1 023 424 -618 Total -4 124 -10 542 -2 567 8 255 Other comprehensive income that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements of defined benefit plans -5 137 -22 137 Income taxes related to other comprehensive income − -125 − -125 Total -5 12 -22 12 Total other comprehensive income -4 129 -10 530 -2 589 8 267 Total comprehensive income for the period -5 556 -19 340 -15 375 -5 596STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITYEUR thousand Share capital Share premium account Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Exchange differences Equity 1.1.2023 11 860 24 681 75 692 2 678 Profit for the period − − − − Other comprehensive income − − − -2 567 Total comprehensive income − − − -2 567 Distribution of dividend − − − − Share-based payments − − − − Conveyance of treasury shares − − − − Transfers − − − − Equity 31.12.2023 11 860 24 681 75 692 111EUR thousand Fair value and other reserves Retained earnings Total equity attributable to owners of the parent Equity 1.1.2023 265 30 740 145 916 Profit for the period − -12 786 -12 786 Other comprehensive income − -22 -2 589 Total comprehensive income − -12 808 -15 375 Distribution of dividend − -5 767 -5 767 Share-based payments − 88 88 Conveyance of treasury shares − 49 49 Transfers 51 -51 − Equity 31.12.2023 316 12 251 124 912EUR thousand Share capital Share premium account Reserve for invested unrestricted equity Exchange differences Equity 1.1.2022 11 860 24 681 75 692 -5 577 Profit for the period − − − − Other comprehensive income − − − 8 255 Total comprehensive income − − − 8 255 Distribution of dividend − − − − Share-based payments − − − − Acquisition of treasury shares − − − − Conveyance of treasury shares − − − − Transfers − − − − Equity 31.12.2022 11 860 24 681 75 692 2 678EUR thousand Fair value and other reserves Retained earnings Total equity attributable to owners of the parent Equity 1.1.2022 -7 56 549 163 199 Profit for the period − -13 863 -13 863 Other comprehensive income − 12 8 267 Total comprehensive income − -13 851 -5 596 Distribution of dividend − -11 492 -11 492 Share-based payments − 106 106 Acquisition of treasury shares − -352 -352 Conveyance of treasury shares − 52 52 Transfers 272 -272 − Equity 31.12.2022 265 30 740 145 916STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSEUR thousand 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Cash flow from operations Profit for the period -12 786 -13 863 Total adjustments to profit for the period 26 612 28 037 Cash flow before changes in net working capital 13 826 14 174 Change in net working capital 25 703 7 753 Financial items -4 954 -4 745 Income taxes -3 851 -3 156 Cash flow from operations 30 724 14 027 Cash flow from investments Investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets -11 062 -9 764 Sales proceeds from property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 36 30 Cash flow from investments -11 027 -9 734 Cash flow from financing Drawdown of current interest-bearing liabilities 240 000 40 000 Repayment of non-current interest-bearing liabilities − -85 000 Repayment of current interest-bearing liabilities -243 271 -3 003 Acquisition of treasury shares − -379 Dividends paid -5 767 -11 492 Cash flow from financing -9 038 -59 875 Change in cash and cash equivalents 10 659 -55 582 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 49 508 101 357 Effect of changes in exchange rates -1 412 3 732 Change in cash and cash equivalents 10 659 -55 582 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 58 755 49 508KEY RATIOS10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Change in net sales  % * -13.6 15.1 -8.6 11.3 Gross profit  as percentage of net sales  % 7.3 1.4 5.0 3.8 Comparable EBITDA  as percentage of net sales  % 4.6 3.7 3.5 3.1 EBITDA  as percentage of net sales  % 4.6 3.0 2.5 2.9 Comparable operating profit  as percentage of net sales  % 0.6 -0.1 -0.6 -0.8 Operating profit  as percentage of net sales  % 0.6 -3.7 -1.7 -1.8 Net financial items  as percentage of net sales  % -1.7 -2.0 -1.3 -0.6 Profit before income taxes  as percentage of net sales  % -1.2 -5.7 -3.0 -2.4 Profit for the period  as percentage of net sales  % -1.2 -6.6 -2.8 -2.8 Gross capital expenditure  EUR thousand 2 368 2 333 11 223 9 713 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses  EUR thousand 4 605 8 992 18 680 23 245 Return on equity  rolling 12 months  % − − -9.6 -8.8 Return on invested capital  rolling 12 months  % − − -4.1 -4.2 Equity ratio  % − − 39.5 42.5 Gearing  % − − 35.3 37.4 Average number of personnel (FTE - full time equivalent) − − 682 707 Earnings per share  EUR  basic -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24 Earnings per share  EUR  diluted -0.02 -0.15 -0.22 -0.24 Cash flow from operations per share  EUR 0.23 0.27 0.53 0.24 Equity per share  EUR − − 2.17 2.54 Dividend per share  EUR ** − − 0.10 0.10 Price per earnings per share (P/E) ratio − − -12.85 -12.43 Dividend payout ratio  % − − -45.1 -41.4 Dividend yield  % − − 3.51 3.33 Number of shares  end of period  excluding treasury shares − − 57 692 459 57 480 727 Share price  end of period  EUR − − 2.85 3.00 Share price  period low  EUR − − 2.48 2.36 Share price  period high  EUR − − 3.48 5.27 Volume weighted average price during the period  EUR − − 2.85 3.57 Market capitalization  EUR million − − 164.4 172.4 Number of traded shares during the period − − 2 743 668 10 902 032 Number of traded shares during the period  % of average number of shares − − 4.8 19.0 * Compared with the corresponding period in the previous year. ** 2023 Proposal of the Board 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Interest-bearing net debt  EUR thousands Non-current interest-bearing liabilities  nominal value 59 711 61 215 Current interest-bearing liabilities  nominal value 43 117 42 855 Cash and cash equivalents -58 755 -49 508 Interest-bearing net debt 44 074 54 562CALCULATION OF KEY RATIOSKey ratios per shareKey ratios per share are either IFRS key ratios (earnings per share) or required by Ordinance of the Ministry of Finance in Finland or alternative performance measures (cash flow from operations per share).Earnings per shareBasic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net result attributable to owners of the parent by the weighted share-issue adjusted average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period  excluding shares acquired by the Group and held as treasury shares.When calculating diluted earnings per share the number of shares is adjusted with the effects of the share-based incentive plans.EUR thousand 31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Profit for the period -12 786 -13 863 Average share-issue adjusted number of shares 57 656 044 57 439 615 Average diluted share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares 57 738 524 57 533 196 Earnings per share EUR Basic -0.22 -0.24 Diluted -0.22 -0.24Cash flow from operations per shareCash flow from operations per shareCash flow from operations = Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Cash flow from operations  EUR thousand 30 724 14 027 Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period 57 692 459 57 480 727 Cash flow from operations per share  EUR 0.53 0.24Equity per shareEquity per shareTotal equity attributable to owners of the parent = Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period31.12.2023 31.12.2022 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent  EUR thousand 124 912 145 916 Share-issue adjusted number of shares excluding treasury shares  end of reporting period 57 692 459 57 480 727 Equity per share  EUR 2.17 2.54Dividend payout ratio  %Dividend payout ratio  %Dividend per share x 100 = Basic earnings per share2023 2022 Dividend and return of capital per share x 100 10.00 10.00 Basic earnings per share  EUR -0 22 -0.24 Dividend payout ratio  % -45.1 -41.4Dividend yield  %Dividend yield  %= Dividend per share x 100 Share price at end of the period2023 2022 Dividend and return of capital per share x 100 10.00 10.00 Share price at end of the period  EUR 2 85 3.00 Dividend yield  % 3.51 3.33Price per earnings per share (P/E)Price per earnings per share (P/E)Share price at end of the period = Basic earnings per share2023 2022 Share price at end of the period  EUR 2 85 3 00 Basic earnings per share  EUR -0 22 -0 24 Price per earnings per share (P/E) -12 85 -12 43Market capitalizationMarket capitalization = Number of shares at the end of reporting period excluding treasury shares x share price at the end of period2023 2022 Number of shares at the end of reporting period excluding treasury shares 57 692 459 57 480 727 Share price at end of the period  EUR 2.85 3.00 Market capitalization  EUR million 164.4 172.4Share turnoverShare turnover = The proportion of number of shares traded during the period to weighted average number of shares excluding treasury shares2023 2022 Number of shares traded during the period 2 743 668 10 902 032 Average number of shares excluding treasury shares 57 656 044 57 439 615 Share turnover  % 4.8 19.0Alternative performance measuresSome of Suominen's key ratios are alternative performance measures. An alternative performance measure is a key ratio which has not been defined in IFRS standards. Suominen believes that the use of alternative performance measures provides useful information for example to investors regarding the Group's financial and operating performance and makes it easier to make comparison between the reporting periods.Operating profit and comparable operating profitOperating profit  or earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) is an important measure of profitability as by ignoring income taxes and financial items it focuses solely on the company's ability to generate profit from operations. Operating profit is presented as a separate line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.In order to improve the comparability of result between reporting periods  Suominen presents comparable operating profit as an alternative performance measure. Operating profit is adjusted with material items that are considered to affect comparability between reporting periods. These items include  among others  impairment losses or reversals of impairment losses  gains or losses from the sales of property  plant and equipment or intangible assets or other assets and restructuring costs. In 2023 and 2022  the items affecting comparability of result were impairment losses of property  plant and equipment  right-of-use assets and inventory  arising from the planned closure of the production lines in Italy.Operating profit (EBIT) = Profit before income taxes + net financial expenses Comparable operating profit (EBIT) = Profit before income taxes + net financial expenses  adjusted with items affecting comparability EUR thousand 2023 2022 Operating profit -7 517 -8 958 + Dismissal costs affecting comparability 2 207 − + Restoration costs affecting comparability 2 344 − + Other costs affecting comparability 116 − + Impairment losses of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  affecting comparability of result 8 2 288 + Impairment losses of right-of-use assets  affecting comparability of result 108 1 536 + Impairment losses of inventories  affecting comparability of result -16 971 Comparable operating profit -2 750 -4 163EBITDA and comparable EBITDAEBITDA is an important measure that focuses on the operating performance excluding the effect of depreciation and amortization  financial items and income taxes  in other words what is the margin on net sales after deducting operating expenses.EBITDA = EBIT + depreciation  amortization and impairment lossesComparable EBITDA = EBIT + depreciation  amortization and impairment losses  adjusted with items affecting comparabilityEUR thousand 2023 2022 Operating profit -7 517 -8 958 + Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 18 680 23 245 EBITDA 11 163 14 287 EBITDA 11 163 14 287 + Dismissal costs affecting comparability 2 207 − + Restoration costs affecting comparability 2 344 − + Other costs affecting comparability 116 − + Impairment losses of inventories  affecting comparability of result -16 971 Comparable EBITDA 15 813 15 257Gross capital expenditureSuominen considers gross capital expenditure as a relevant measure in order to understand for example how the Group maintains and renews its production machinery and facilities. Gross capital expenditure includes also capitalized borrowing costs and capitalized cash flow hedges. Gross capital expenditure (gross investments) does not include increases in right-of-use assets.EUR thousand 2023 2022 Increases in intangible assets 169 438 Increases in property  plant and equipment 11 054 9 275 Gross capital expenditure 11 223 9 713Interest-bearing net debtSuominen considers interest-bearing net debt to be an important measure for investors to be able to understand the Group’s indebtedness. It is the opinion of Suominen that presenting interest-bearing liabilities not only at amortized cost but also at nominal value gives relevant additional information to the investors.Interest-bearing net debt = Interest-bearing liabilities at nominal value - interest-bearing receivables - cash and cash equivalentsEUR thousand 2023 2022 Interest-bearing liabilities 102 278 103 365 Tender and issuance costs of the debentures 551 705 Cash and cash equivalents -58 755 -49 508 Interest-bearing net debt 44 074 54 562 Interest-bearing liabilities 102 278 103 365 Tender and issuance costs of the debentures 551 705 Nominal value of interest-bearing liabilities 102 828 104 069Return on equity (ROE)  %The return on equity is one of the most important profitability ratios used by owners and investors. The ratio measures the ability of a company to generate profits from its shareholders' investments in the company and it defines the yield on the company's equity during the reporting period.Return on equity (ROE)  %=Profit for the reporting period (rolling 12 months) x 100 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent (quarterly average)EUR thousand 2023 2022 Profit for the reporting period (rolling 12 months) -12 786 -13 863 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent December 31  2022 / 2021 145 916 163 199 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent March 31  2023 / 2022 140 131 153 504 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent June 30  2023 / 2022 127 236 158 098 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent September 30  2023 / 2022 130 283 165 188 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent December 31  2023 / 2022 124 912 145 916 Average 133 695 157 181 Return on equity (ROE)  % -9.6 -8.8Invested capitalInvested capital = Total equity + interest-bearing liabilities - cash and cash equivalentsEUR thousand 2023 2022 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 124 912 145 916 Interest-bearing liabilities 102 278 103 365 Cash and cash equivalents -58 755 -49 508 Invested capital 168 435 199 773Return on invested capital (ROI)  %Return on invested capital is one of the most important key ratios. It measures the relative profitability of the company  i.e. the yield on the capital invested in the company.Return on invested capital (ROI)  %=Operating profit (rolling 12 months) x 100 Invested capital  quarterly averageEUR thousand 2023 2022 Operating profit (rolling 12 months) -7 517 -8 958 Invested capital December 31  2022 / 2021 199 773 210 975 Invested capital March 31  2023 / 2022 194 290 205 806 Invested capital June 30  2023 / 2022 182 005 210 561 Invested capital September 30  2023 / 2022 181 914 230 264 Invested capital December 31  2023 / 2022 168 435 199 773 Average 185 283 211 476 Return on invested capital (ROI)  % -4.1 -4.2Equity ratio  %Equity ratio is an important key ratio as it measures the solidity of the company  the company's tolerance for losses and ability to cover its long-term commitments. The performance measure shows how much of the company's assets are financed with equity. The equity creates a buffer against potential losses  and equity ratio represents the level of this buffer.Equity ratio  %=Total equity attributable to owners of the parent x 100 Total assets - advances receivedEUR thousand 2023 2022 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 124 912 145 916 Total assets 316 434 343 445 Advances received -104 -74 316 330 343 371 Equity ratio  % 39.5 42.5Gearing  %Gearing represents the ratio between the equity invested by the owners of the company and the interest-bearing liabilities borrowed from financiers. Gearing is an important performance measure in assessing the financial position of a company. A high gearing is a risk factor which might limit the possibilities for growth of a company and narrow its financial freedom.Gearing  %=Interest-bearing net debt x 100 Total equity attributable to owners of the parentEUR thousand 2023 2022 Interest-bearing net debt 44 074 54 562 Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 124 912 145 916 Gearing  % 35.3 37.4NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHICAL MARKET AREAEUR thousand 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Finland 3 240 3 522 Rest of Europe 155 759 193 673 North and South America 291 108 294 367 Rest of the world 743 1 736 Total 450 851 493 298QUARTERLY DEVELOPMENT2023 2022 EUR thousand 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 Net sales 114 938 106 447 112 673 116 793 133 072 131 937 118 019 110 269 Comparable EBITDA 5 275 5 200 2 690 2 648 4 973 5 124 1 863 3 298 as % of net sales 4.6 4.9 2.4 2.3 3.7 3.9 1.6 3.0 Items affecting comparability -11 -26 -4 613 − -971 − − − EBITDA 5 263 5 174 -1 922 2 648 4 003 5 124 1 863 3 298 as % of net sales 4.6 4.9 -1.7 2.3 3.0 3.9 1.6 3.0 Comparable operating profit 670 666 -2 102 -1 985 -194 202 -2 903 -1 268 as % of net sales 0.6 0.6 -1.9 -1.7 -0.1 0.2 -2.5 -1.2 Items affecting comparability -11 -26 -4 621 -108 -4 795 − − − Operating profit 658 640 -6 722 -2 093 -4 989 202 -2 903 -1 268 as % of net sales 0.6 0.6 -6.0 -1.8 -3.7 0.2 -2.5 -1.2 Net financial items -2 005 -1 152 -1 293 -1 537 -2 639 -78 723 -930 Profit before income taxes -1 347 -512 -8 016 -3 630 -7 628 125 -2 180 -2 198 as % of net sales -1.2 -0.5 -7.1 -3.1 -5.7 0.1 -1.8 -2.0QUARTERLY SALES BY BUSINESS AREA2023 2022 EUR thousand 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 10-12 7-9 4-6 1-3 Americas 72 336 70 865 69 770 75 044 81 714 80 308 64 226 61 726 Europe 42 635 35 553 42 896 41 756 51 401 51 701 53 819 48 530 Unallocated exchange differences and eliminations -33 29 7 -8 -43 -72 -26 12 Total 114 938 106 447 112 673 116 793 133 072 131 937 118 019 110 269INFORMATION ON RELATED PARTIESSuominen Group's related parties include the parent of the Group (Suominen Corporation) and subsidiaries. In addition  the related parties of Suominen include the members of the Board of Directors  President & CEO and the members of the Executive Team as well as their family members and their controlled companies. In addition  shareholders who have a significant influence in Suominen through share ownership are included in related parties. Suominen has no associated companies.In its transactions with related parties Suominen follows the same commercial terms as in transactions with third parties.Management remunerationThe Annual General Meeting held on April 3  2023  resolved that 25% of the annual remuneration for the Board of Directors is paid in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The number of shares transferred to the members of the Board of Directors as their remuneration payable in shares for 2023 was 21 949 shares. The shares were transferred on May 10  2023  and the value of the transferred shares totaled EUR 61 457.The annual and meeting fees paid to the Board of Directors of Suominen Corporation in 2023 were in total EUR 289 thousand  of which EUR 61 thousand were paid in shares.Salaries paid or accrued  including fringe benefits  to President & CEO and other members of the Executive Team during January-December 2023 amounted to EUR 2 147 thousand  of which EUR 548 thousand was the value of the vested share-based payments. Obligatory pension payments and accruals were EUR 207 thousand and voluntary pension payments and accruals EUR 60 thousand. The accrual  excluding social costs  based on the non-vested share-based incentive plans in accordance with IFRS standards was EUR 414 thousand for the related parties for the reporting period. The amounts include severance payments.One of Suominen’s share-based plans vested and shares were transferred to the participants of the plan in February. The number of the shares transferred to the members of the Executive Team was 91 443 shares. The value of the shares and the portion settled in cash was EUR 548 thousand.Management share ownershipNumber of sharesBoard of Directors December 31  2023 December 31  2022 Jaakko Eskola  Chair of the Board of Directors 26 166 19 894 Andreas Ahlström  Deputy Chair of the Board 26 792 23 836 Aaron Barsness 5 459 2 503 Björn Borgman 24 902 21 946 Nina Linander 27 631 23 778 Laura Remes from April 3  2023 2 956 − Laura Raitio − 23 836 Total 113 906 115 793 Total % of shares and votes 0.20% 0.20% Executive Team Tommi Björnman 30 000 − Jonni Friman − − Markku Koivisto 53 172 36 482 Klaus Korhonen 52 630 36 592 Thomas Olsen − − Mimoun Saïm 92 923 65 502 Janne Silonsaari − − Lynda Kelly − 57 073 Toni Tamminen − 19 000 Total 228 725 214 649 Total % of shares and votes 0.39% 0.37%THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS ON DECEMBER 31  2023Shareholder Number of shares % of shares and votes 1. Ahlström Capital B.V. 13 995 013 24.0% 2. Etola Group Oy 7 414 000 12.7% 3. Oy Etra Invest Ab 7 000 000 12.0% 4. OP Life Assurance Company Ltd 4 128 708 7.1% 5. Nordea Nordic Small Cap Fund 3 435 147 5.9% 6. Mandatum Life Insurance Company 2 908 287 5.0% 7. Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company 1 912 000 3.3% 8. Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company 1 689 751 2.9% 9. Oy H. Kuningas & Co. AB 1 400 000 2.4% 10. Nordea Life Assurance Finland Ltd 1 379 866 2.4% 11. Maijala Investment Oy 1 176 232 2.0% 12. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ.) 1 037 686 1.8% 13. Laakkosen Arvopaperi Oy 900 000 1.5% 14. Juhani Maijala 794 026 1.4% 15. Pension Insurance Company Elo 689 430 1.2% 15 largest total 49 860 146 85.6% Other shareholders 6 564 969 11.3% Nominee registered 1 267 344 2.2% Treasury shares 566 760 1.0% Total 58 259 219 100.0%CHANGES IN PROPERTY  PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS31.12.2023 31.12.2022 EUR thousand Property  plant and equipment Intangible assets Right-of-use assets Property  plant and equipment Intangible assets Right-of-use assets Carrying amount at the beginning of the period 116 195 9 709 11 902 115 478 13 176 15 741 Capital expenditure and increases 11 054 169 2 410 9 275 438 705 Disposals and decreases 0 − -148 − − -27 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -12 012 -3 792 -2 876 -14 393 -3 869 -4 983 Exchange differences and other changes -2 510 -2 -180 5 835 -36 466 Carrying amount at the end of the period 112 727 6 084 11 109 116 195 9 709 11 902Intangible assets excluding goodwill.CONTINGENT LIABILITIESGuarantees and other commitments 2023 2022 On own commitments 2 440 3 102 Other own commitments 16 774 16 755 Total 19 214 19 857 Other contingencies Contractual commitments to acquire property  plant and equipment 1 368 2 641 Commitments to leases not yet commenced 1 485 429 Total 2 853 3 069Rental obligations Within one year 32 51 Between 1-5 years 39 47 After 5 years − − Total 71 98FINANCIAL ASSETS BY CATEGORYa. Fair value through profit or loss b. Financial assets at amortized cost c. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income d. Carrying amount e. Fair valueClassification EUR thousand a. b. c. d. e. Equity instruments − − 421 421 421 Trade receivables − 62 375 − 62 375 62 375 Interest and other financial receivables − 201 − 201 201 Cash and cash equivalents − 58 755 − 58 755 58 755 Total 31.12.2023 − 121 281 421 121 702 121 702 EUR thousand a. b. c. d. e. Equity instruments − − 421 421 421 Trade receivables − 66 648 − 66 648 66 648 Interest and other financial receivables − 334 − 334 334 Cash and cash equivalents − 49 508 − 49 508 49 508 Total 31.12.2022 − 116 490 421 116 911 116 911Principles in estimating fair value for financial assets for 2023 are the same as those used in consolidated financial statements for 2022.CHANGES IN INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIESEUR thousand 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Total interest-bearing liabilities at the beginning of the period 103 365 149 134 Current liabilities at the beginning of the period 42 855 86 823 Repayment of current liabilities  cash flow items -243 271 -88 003 Drawdown of current liabilities  cash flow items 240 000 40 000 Increases in current liabilities  non-cash flow items 782 260 Decreases of current liabilities  non-cash flow items -82 -15 Reclassification from non-current liabilities 2 878 2 770 Periodization of debentures to amortized cost  non-cash flow items − 938 Exchange rate difference  non-cash flow item -44 83 Current liabilities at the end of the period 43 117 42 855 Non-current liabilities at the beginning of the period 11 215 13 167 Increases in non-current liabilities  non-cash flow items 1 629 445 Decreases of non-current liabilities  non-cash flow items -67 -12 Reclassification to current liabilities -2 878 -2 770 Exchange rate difference  non-cash flow item -188 385 Non-current liabilities at the end of the period 9 711 11 215 Non-current debentures at the beginning of the period 49 295 49 144 Periodization of debentures to amortized cost  non-cash flow items 154 151 Non-current debentures at the end of the period 49 449 49 295 Total interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the period 102 278 103 365FINANCIAL LIABILITIES31.12.2023 31.12.2022 EUR thousand Carrying amount Fair value Nominal value Carrying amount Fair value Nominal value Non-current financial liabilities Debentures 49 449 42 080 50 000 49 295 39 425 50 000 Lease liabilities 9 711 9 711 9 711 11 215 11 215 11 215 Total non-current financial liabilities 59 160 51 791 59 711 60 510 50 640 61 215 Current financial liabilities Current loans from financial institutions 40 000 40 000 40 000 40 000 40 000 40 000 Lease liabilities 3 117 3 117 3 117 2 855 2 855 2 855 Interest accruals 626 626 626 734 734 734 Other current liabilities 508 508 508 353 353 353 Trade payables 60 562 60 562 60 562 64 565 64 565 64 565 Total current financial liabilities 104 814 104 814 104 814 108 506 108 506 108 506 Total 163 974 156 605 164 525 169 016 159 146 169 721The financial liabilities in the table above are measured at amortized cost.Principles in estimating fair value for financial liabilities for 2023 are the same as those used in consolidated financial statements for 2022.FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT HIERARCHYEUR thousandFair value hierarchy in 2023 Financial assets at fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Equity instruments − − 421 Total in 2022 − − 421Fair value hierarchy in 2022 Financial assets at fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Equity instruments − − 421 Total in 2022 − − 421Principles in estimating fair value for financial assets for 2023 are the same as those used in consolidated financial statements for 2022.SUOMINEN CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Tommi Björnman  President & CEO  tel. +358 10 214 3018Janne Silonsaari  CFO  tel. +358 50 409 9264Suominen manufactures nonwovens as roll goods for wipes and other applications. Our vision is to be the frontrunner for nonwovens innovation and sustainability. The end products made of Suominen’s nonwovens are present in people’s daily life worldwide. Suominen’s net sales in 2023 were EUR 450.9 million and we have nearly 700 professionals working in Europe and in the Americas. Suominen’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more at www.suominen.fi.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMain mediawww.suominen.fiAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.58,0.25,0.17,True,English,"['Financial Statements Release', 'Suominen Corporation', 'challenging environment', 'January', 'December', 'Outlook', 'lower raw material prices', 'new environmentally friendly nonwovens', 'Suominen Corporation Financial Statements', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Tommi Björnman', 'Financial Statements Release', 'lower sales prices', 'other textiles industry', 'operational excellence improvements', 'new organizational model', 'EcoVadis sustainability assessment', 'silver level rating', 'ongoing improvement actions', 'Comparable operating profit', 'new model', 'sustainable nonwovens', 'other plants', 'new products', 'operational performance', 'operational efficiency', 'nonwovens market', 'challenging environment', 'Cash flow', 'Financial year', 'total amount', 'second half', 'first half', 'most part', 'European business', 'sustainable solutions', 'investment project', 'strong ability', 'second time', 'five points', 'Business areas', 'positive signals', 'profitable growth', 'business partners', 'productive cooperation', 'Comparable EBITDA', 'Net sales', 'sales margins', 'sustainable products', '57,692,459 issued shares', 'treasury shares', 'market needs', 'Key figures', 'comparison period', 'previous year', 'minor decline', 'Mozzate plant', 'base year', 'commercial teams', 'Board proposal', 'share Outlook', 'February', '9:30 a', 'January', 'December', 'operations', 'Earnings', 'Dividend', 'Return', 'capital', '12 months', 'Gearing', 'brackets', 'October', 'brief', 'Directors', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'distribution', 'company', 'number', 'President', 'CEO', 'terms', 'profitability', 'result', 'efforts', 'volumes', 'closure', 'production', 'Italy', 'decision', 'competitiveness', 'wipes', 'strategy', 'targets', '50% increase', 'Nakkila', 'Finland', 'capabilities', 'companies', 'manufacture', 'collaboration', 'customers', 'changes', 'journey', 'employees', 'commitment', 'contribution']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35814,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823926/0/en/KRONOS-WORLDWIDE-ANNOUNCES-EARLY-RESULTS-OF-ITS-EXCHANGE-OFFER-AND-CONSENT-SOLICITATION.html,KRONOS WORLDWIDE ANNOUNCES EARLY RESULTS OF ITS EXCHANGE OFFER AND CONSENT SOLICITATION,DALLAS  TEXAS  Feb. 05  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kronos Worldwide  Inc. (NYSE: KRO) (the “Company”) today announced the early tender results in connection with the previously announced (i) offer to certain eligible holders to exchange up to €325 million princ…,DALLAS  TEXAS  Feb. 05  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kronos Worldwide  Inc. (NYSE: KRO) (the “Company”) today announced the early tender results in connection with the previously announced (i) offer to certain eligible holders to exchange up to €325 million principal amount of the outstanding 3.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the “Old Notes”) of Kronos International  Inc.  the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary (the “Issuer”)  for newly issued 9.50% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 of the Issuer (the “New Notes”) plus additional cash consideration  upon the terms and conditions set forth in a Confidential Exchange Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement dated January 23  2024 (the “Exchange Offer”) and (ii) solicitation of consents by such eligible holders to adopt certain proposed amendments (the “Proposed Amendments”) to the indenture governing the Old Notes (the “Existing Indenture”)  which would conform the restrictive covenants in the Existing Indenture to the restrictive covenants of the New Notes (the “Consent Solicitation”).The aggregate principal amount of Old Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn in connection with the Exchange Offer as of 5:00 p.m. Central European Time  on February 5  2024 (the “Early Participation Expiration Date”) is listed in the table below. Tendered Old Notes may no longer be withdrawn except under limited circumstances as required by law.Old Notes to be Exchanged: 3.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2025Principal Amount Outstanding Prior to the Exchange Offer: €400 000 000Maximum Acceptance Amount: As described below(1)Old Note ISIN: XS1680282453 (144A) / XS1680281133 (Reg S)Old Note Common Code: 168028245 (144A) / 168028113 (Reg S) New Notes Description New Notes Coupon Maturity Date Exchange Offer Consideration per €1 000 Old Notes Tendered on or prior to the Early Participation Expiration Date Aggregate Principal Amount Tendered at the Early Participation Expiration Date Aggregate Principal Amount Accepted at the Early Participation Expiration Date 9.50% Senior SecuredNotes due 2029 9.50% March 15  2029 €850 principal amount of New Notes plus a cash payment in an amount equal to €150(2) €374 035 000(3) €325 000 000___________________(1) The “Maximum Acceptance Amount” means the maximum amount of Old Notes that will be accepted in the Exchange Offer  which shall be the principal amount of Old Notes that can be accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer without exceeding €325 000 000 in aggregate principal amount of Old Notes exchanged in connection with the Exchange Offer or redeemed in connection with the Additional New Notes Offering (as defined below) and the application of the proceeds thereof. (2) Per €1 000 principal amount of Old Notes validly offered for exchange (and not validly withdrawn) and accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer  exclusive of any accrued and unpaid interest  which will be paid in cash. (3) The aggregate principal amount of all Old Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn by the Early Participation Expiration Date exceeds the Maximum Acceptance Amount. Therefore  the Company does not expect to accept any additional Old Notes for exchange.Although the Exchange Offer is scheduled to expire at 5:00 p.m.  Central European Time  on February 21  2024  because the aggregate principal amount of Old Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn by the Early Participation Expiration Date exceeds the Maximum Acceptance Amount  the Company does not expect to accept for exchange any tenders of Old Notes after the Early Participation Expiration Date. Any Old Notes tendered after the Early Participation Expiration Date will be promptly credited to the account of the holder thereof maintained at either Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg  and otherwise returned in accordance with the Exchange Offer. Old Notes validly tendered for exchange and not validly withdrawn on or prior to the Early Participation Expiration Date will be accepted in accordance with the proration procedures outlined in the Confidential Exchange Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement.The Company has received the requisite number of consents to adopt the Proposed Amendments with respect to the Old Notes that are subject to the Exchange Oﬀer and Consent Solicitation. Accordingly  it is expected that the Company and the trustee for the Old Notes will execute and deliver a supplemental indenture to amend the Existing Indenture eﬀecting the Proposed Amendments  which supplemental indenture will become operational on the early settlement date  which is expected to be on February 12  2024.As previously announced  concurrently with  but separate from  the Exchange Offer  the Issuer was offering for purchase up to €50 million aggregate principal amount of 9.50% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the “Additional New Notes”) pursuant to a Confidential Offering Memorandum dated January 23  2024 (the “Additional New Notes Offering”)  with such Additional New Notes to be fungible with the New Notes issued in the Exchange Offer  and with proceeds to be used to effect certain redemptions of Old Notes remaining outstanding after the Early Participation Expiration Date. Since Old Notes were tendered in an aggregate amount exceeding the Maximum Acceptance Amount  the Issuer is terminating the Additional New Notes Offering.The Issuer will not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance and delivery of the New Notes in connection with the Exchange Offer. The Old Notes surrendered in connection with the Exchange Offer will be retired and cancelled and will not be reissued.The New Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of other jurisdiction of the United States.The Exchange Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions and will expire at 5:00 p.m.  Central European Time  on February 21  2024 (unless extended).This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or purchase  a solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of tenders or consents with respect to  any security. No offer  solicitation  purchase or sale will be made in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation  purchase or sale would be unlawful. The Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation are being made solely pursuant to the Confidential Exchange Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement and only to such persons and in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law.About the CompanyKronos Worldwide  Inc.  incorporated in Delaware in 1989  is a leading global producer and marketer of value-added titanium dioxide pigments  or TiO 2   a base industrial product used in a wide range of applications. The Company  along with its distributors and agents  sells and provides technical services for its products to approximately 3 000 customers in 100 countries with the majority of its sales in Europe  North America and the Asia Pacific region. The Company believes it has developed considerable expertise and efficiency in the manufacture  sale  shipment and service of its products in domestic and international markets.Forward Looking StatementsThe statements in this release relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that represent management's beliefs and assumptions based on currently available information. These forward-looking statements include  among others  statements about the potential outcome or effect of the Exchange Offer. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  it cannot give any assurances that these expectations will prove to be correct. Such statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could significantly impact expected results  and actual future results could differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially include  but are not limited to  the following:future supply and demand for the Company’s products;the Company’s ability to realize expected cost savings from strategic and operational initiatives;the extent of the dependence of certain of the Company’s businesses on certain market sectors;the cyclicality of the Company’s business;customer and producer inventory levels;unexpected or earlier-than-expected industry capacity expansion;changes in raw material and other operating costs (such as energy and ore costs);changes in the availability of raw materials (such as ore);general global economic and political conditions that harm the worldwide economy  disrupt the Company’s supply chain  increase material and energy costs or reduce demand or perceived demand for its TiO 2 products or impair the Company’s ability to operate its facilities (including changes in the level of gross domestic product in various regions of the world  natural disasters  terrorist acts  global conflicts and public health crises such as COVID-19);products or impair the Company’s ability to operate its facilities (including changes in the level of gross domestic product in various regions of the world  natural disasters  terrorist acts  global conflicts and public health crises such as COVID-19); operating interruptions (including  but not limited to  labor disputes  leaks  natural disasters  fires  explosions  unscheduled or unplanned downtime  transportation interruptions  cyber-attacks  certain regional and world events or economic conditions and public health crises such as COVID-19);competitive products and substitute products;customer and competitor strategies;potential consolidation of competitors;potential consolidation of customers;the impact of pricing and production decisions;competitive technology positions;potential difficulties in upgrading or implementing accounting and manufacturing software systems;the introduction of trade barriers or trade disputes;fluctuations in currency exchange rates (such as changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and each of the euro  the Norwegian krone and the Canadian dollar and between the euro and the Norwegian krone)  or possible disruptions to the Company’s business resulting from uncertainties associated with the euro or other currencies;the Company’s ability to renew or refinance credit facilities;changes in interest rates;the Company’s ability to maintain sufficient liquidity;the ultimate outcome of income tax audits  tax settlement initiatives or other tax matters  including future tax reform;the Company’s ability to utilize income tax attributes  the benefits of which may or may not have been recognized under the more-likely-than-not recognition criteria;environmental matters (such as those requiring compliance with emission and discharge standards for existing and new facilities);government laws and regulations and possible changes therein including new environmental  health and safety or other regulations (such as those seeking to limit or classify TiO 2 or its use); andor its use); and pending or possible future litigation or other actionsShould one or more of these risks materialize (or the consequences of such a development worsen)  or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results could differ materially from those forecasted or expected. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement whether as a result of changes in information  future events or otherwise.** The Company **Kronos Worldwide  Inc. 5430 LBJ Freeway  Suite 1700  Dallas  TX 75240  USA** The Issuer **Kronos International  Inc. 5430 LBJ Freeway  Suite 1700  Dallas  TX 75240  USA** The Dealer Manager and Solicitation Agent **Deutsche Bank AG  London Branch: +44 20 7545 8011 (UK Number) / +1 (855) 287-1922 (Call U.S. Toll-Free) / +1 (212) 250-7527 (US Call Collect)Investor Relations Contact:Bryan A. HanleySenior Vice President & TreasurerTel: (972) 233-1700,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.02,0.46,0.52,True,English,"['KRONOS WORLDWIDE ANNOUNCES', 'EARLY RESULTS', 'EXCHANGE OFFER', 'CONSENT SOLICITATION', 'ITS', 'New Notes Description New Notes Coupon Maturity Date Exchange Offer Consideration', 'Early Participation Expiration Date', 'Additional New Notes Offering', 'Old Note Common Code', 'outstanding 3.75% Senior Secured Notes', 'Confidential Exchange Offering Memorandum', 'additional cash consideration', '€50 million aggregate principal amount', 'early settlement date', 'Confidential Offering Memorandum', 'early tender results', '9.50% Senior Secured Notes', 'Central European Time', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Old Note ISIN', 'additional Old Notes', 'Maximum Acceptance Amount', 'Exchange Oﬀer', 'Tendered Old Notes', 'Consent Solicitation Statement', 'maximum amount', '850 principal amount', '€1,000 principal amount', '€1,000 Old Notes', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Kronos Worldwide', 'eligible holders', 'Kronos International', 'restrictive covenants', 'limited circumstances', 'Reg S', 'cash payment', 'unpaid interest', 'Clearstream Banking', 'S.A.', 'proration procedures', 'requisite number', 'Existing Indenture', 'supplemental indenture', 'Proposed Amendments', 'DALLAS', 'TEXAS', 'NYSE', 'Company', 'connection', 'subsidiary', 'Issuer', 'terms', 'conditions', 'consents', 'February', 'table', 'law', 'XS1680282453', 'XS1680281133', 'application', 'proceeds', 'accrued', 'tenders', 'account', 'Luxembourg', 'accordance', 'The', 'respect', 'trustee', 'purchase', '5:00']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35815,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/deutsche-boerse-q4-profit-up-13-in-line-with-expectations/ar-BB1hW3iY,Deutsche Boerse Q4 profit up 13%  in line with expectations,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) -German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse on Wednesday reported a 13% rise in fourth-quarter net profit in line with expectations  and forecast ""significant"" increases in revenue and profit for 2024.","FRANKFURT (Reuters) -German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse on Wednesday reported a 13% rise in fourth-quarter net profit in line with expectations  and forecast ""significant"" increases in revenue and profit for 2024.",positive,0.66,0.32,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.82,0.06,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Q4 profit', 'line', 'expectations', 'German exchange operator', 'fourth-quarter net profit', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'significant"" increases', 'FRANKFURT', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', '13% rise', 'line', 'expectations', 'revenue']",2024-02-07,2024-02-07,msn.com
35816,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://news.yahoo.com/europe-preparing-transatlantic-trade-fight-175000264.html,Europe Is Preparing for a Transatlantic Trade Fight With Trump,European Union countries have started internal discussions over how to respond to punitive measures that may hit the bloc if Donald Trump wins the US election in November.Most Read from BloombergHaley Loses Nevada Primary to ‘None of These Candidates’ OptionChina Replaces Top Markets Regulator as Xi Tries to End RoutTesla Asks Which Jobs Are Critical ,(Bloomberg) -- The European Union is working on a formal evaluation of what a Donald Trump presidency would look like and is planning how to respond to any punitive trade measures that would hit the bloc if he wins the US election.Most Read from BloombergThe European Commission  the bloc’s executive arm  has started preparing an impact assessment of the consequences of the November ballot  paying particular attention to the scenario in which Trump emerges as victor  according to an official.The former president’s style has become increasingly aggressive and it’s generally accepted among the bloc’s member states that another term would see coercive actions like tariffs directed at the EU  according to a senior official familiar with the preparations. The official  who spoke on the condition of anonymity  added that it’s incumbent on countries in the EU to brace for what’s to come.Trump’s team is planning a potential litany of actions against the EU  which could include a broad minimum 10% tariff as well as possible counter-measures against European digital services taxes that implicitly go after US technology champions  Bloomberg reported earlier Wednesday.Last time around  Trump shook the foundations of the transatlantic relationship when he attacked the World Trade Organization  questioned European security guarantees and called Brussels a “hellhole.” The presidential hopeful has sailed to victory in the first two Republican primary contests and leads Joe Biden by an average of 6 percentage points in the seven critical swing states that will likely decide the 2024 election  according to a January Bloomberg News/Morning Consult poll.The two sides are still at odds over tariffs Trump imposed on EU steel and aluminum during his first term as president  citing US national security concerns. The bloc retaliated with countermeasures of its own and in 2021 reached a temporary truce with Biden.But the EU argues that the current situation is still unfair  saying that the bloc’s exporters pay over $350 million a year in duties. EU member states  however  have been reluctant to respond to the situation by reimposing tariffs on US goods due to concerns that it could help Trump’s election chances.The potential measures against Europe would serve as a component of a broader initiative to overhaul US trade in goods. The nation has had long-standing  large deficits with the EU  with 2023 marking a third straight year of imbalances exceeding $200 billion — a pattern Trump advisers argue is an illustration of unfair trade practices.To avoid the transatlantic antagonisms of Trump’s first term  some European officials are taking tentative steps toward a charm offensive. High-level officials including German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock have already started reaching out to Republicans. In September  she traveled to Texas and Washington to meet a number of Trump supporters.Europe must be ready to work with Trump if he wins  she told Bloomberg last year  and it would be “naive” not to prepare for such an outcome.While Biden’s rhetoric may be more conciliatory than Trump’s  and his alignment with the EU over Ukraine has helped to repair the transatlantic relationship  EU officials remain conscious that his trade policy still has much in common with his predecessor’s ‘America First’ approach.The Europeans were shaken  in particular  by Biden’s $390 billion-plus subsidy program to support green technology  which offers companies an incentive to shift investment from Europe to the US.Baerbock’s boss German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has said openly that he wants Biden to be reelected. Trump  by contrast  stands for a “great division” in the US — one that would also be bad for Germany  Scholz said last year. “The current president is better  so I want him to be reelected ” he added.Businesses leaders are also sounding the alarm. Deutsche Boerse AG CEO Theodor Weimer said of a possible return of Trump that Europe can only hope that the US’s legislative system has “strong checks and balances;” as they would be needed.--With assistance from Ania Nussbaum  Zoe Schneeweiss and Christoph Rauwald.(Updates third paragraph after first chart to show full-year 2023 data.)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2024 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.14,0.62,0.25,mixed,0.08,0.28,0.64,True,English,"['Transatlantic Trade Fight', 'Europe', 'Trump', 'Deutsche Boerse AG CEO Theodor Weimer', 'German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock', 'January Bloomberg News/Morning Consult poll', 'first two Republican primary contests', 'European digital services taxes', 'seven critical swing states', 'German Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'US national security concerns', 'European security guarantees', 'broad minimum 10% tariff', 'standing, large deficits', '$390 billion-plus subsidy program', 'America First’ approach', 'The European Union', 'The European Commission', 'World Trade Organization', 'unfair trade practices', 'third straight year', 'punitive trade measures', '2024 Bloomberg L.P.', 'US technology champions', 'Donald Trump presidency', 'EU member states', 'two sides', 'European officials', 'first chart', 'The Europeans', 'US trade', 'trade policy', 'potential measures', 'green technology', 'third paragraph', 'first term', 'formal evaluation', 'executive arm', 'impact assessment', 'November ballot', 'particular attention', 'potential litany', 'possible counter-measures', 'transatlantic relationship', 'presidential hopeful', '6 percentage points', 'temporary truce', 'broader initiative', 'transatlantic antagonisms', 'tentative steps', 'charm offensive', 'High-level officials', 'great division', 'Businesses leaders', 'possible return', 'legislative system', 'strong checks', 'Ania Nussbaum', 'Zoe Schneeweiss', 'Christoph Rauwald', 'full-year 2023 data', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'US election', 'former president', 'election chances', 'current president', 'coercive actions', 'current situation', 'US goods', 'EU steel', 'EU officials', 'senior official', 'Trump advisers', 'Trump supporters', 'Joe Biden', '2024 election', 'bloc', 'consequences', 'scenario', 'victor', 'style', 'tariffs', 'preparations', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'countries', 'team', 'foundations', 'Brussels', 'average', 'odds', 'aluminum', 'countermeasures', 'exporters', 'duties', 'component', 'long', 'imbalances', 'pattern', 'illustration', 'Republicans', 'September', 'Texas', 'Washington', 'number', 'outcome', 'rhetoric', 'alignment', 'Ukraine', 'predecessor', 'companies', 'incentive', 'investment', 'boss', 'contrast', 'Germany', 'alarm', 'assistance']",2024-02-07,2024-02-07,news.yahoo.com
35817,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERMENTALG-16118042/news/Fermentalg-The-Shareholders-Meeting-approves-the-proposed-transfer-of-the-listing-of-Fermen-45895782/,Fermentalg : The Shareholders’ Meeting approves the proposed transfer of the listing of Fermentalg shares on the Euronext Growth Paris market -February 06  2024 at 02:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Libourne – February 6  2024 – The General Assembly of Fermentalg   meeting on February 2  2024  approved in accordance with the provisions of Article L.421-14 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  the proposed listing transfer of …,"Libourne – February 6  2024 – The General Assembly of Fermentalg (FALG)  meeting on February 2  2024  approved in accordance with the provisions of Article L.421-14 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  the proposed listing transfer of its securities on the regulated market Euronext Paris (Subfund C)  to Euronext Growth Paris  and conferred all powers to the Board of Directors to implement this listing market transfer. The Board of Directors  which met on 5 February 2024  decided to implement this transfer.Subject to the agreement of Euronext Paris  the listing of the company on Euronext Growth Paris will be carried out as part of an accelerated procedure for the admission to trading of the company's existing shares  without issuing new shares.Reasons for the transferThis project aims to enable the company Fermentalg S.A. to reduce the constraints associated with the regulated market Euronext Paris and the resources committed to meet them. Euronext Growth Paris offers a simplified operation  more adapted to the size  activity  market capitalization and needs of the Company  while allowing it to continue to benefit from the attractiveness of the financial markets.Consequences of the transferIn accordance with current regulations  the Company wishes to inform its shareholders of certain possible consequences of such a Transfer (non-exhaustive list):In terms of periodic information:The half-yearly report  including the half-yearly (and consolidated) financial statements and an activity report relating to these half-yearly financial statements  will be published within four months of the end of the first half of the Company's financial year  instead of the three-month period applicable to companies whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market.The statutory auditors' review of the half-year accounts will be maintained  although no longer required.Some information required under the management and corporate governance report will be reduced.The Company will continue to prepare consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS accounting standards.The Company will continue with the current publication of its quarterly financial information.For ongoing information:Euronext Growth Paris being a multilateral trading system  the Company would remain subject to the provisions applicable to permanent market information  and in particular to the provisions of the Regulation (EU) n°596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse ("" MAR ""). Any company listed on Euronext Growth Paris must ensure the effective and complete dissemination of the so-called regulated information.""). Any company listed on Euronext Growth Paris must ensure the effective and complete dissemination of the so-called regulated information. In addition  the officers of the Company and persons closely associated with them would remain subject to the obligation to report transactions in the Company's shares or debt instruments in accordance with section 19 of the MAR Regulation.As regards the protection of minority shareholders:Unless otherwise agreed  the protection of minority shareholders is ensured on Euronext Growth Paris by the mandatory public offer mechanism in the event of crossing  directly or indirectly  alone or in concert  the 50% threshold of the capital or voting rights.Only crossings  up or down  of thresholds of 50% and 95% of the capital or voting rights are to be reported to the AMF and the Company  subject to crossings of statutory thresholds to be reported to the Company.However  both the law of public tenders and the reporting requirements for crossing thresholds applicable to companies whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market would remain applicable for three years from the admission of the securities of the Company on the multilateral trading system Euronext Growth Paris.With regard to General Meetings:The documents relating to the General Meeting provided to shareholders must be published on the Company's website  no longer twenty-one (21) days before the date of the General Meeting but only on the date of convocation.The notice of availability of the preparatory documents for the general meeting will no longer be required.The publication on the Company's website of the results of the votes and the minutes of the general meeting will no longer be required.The Company will no longer be subject to the «say on pay» mechanism providing for the prior vote of shareholders on the executive remuneration policy  the subsequent vote on the remuneration report and the approval of individual executive remuneration.The Corporation will no longer be held accountable for internal control or risk management.The Company will no longer be subject to the provisions of Articles L. 823-19 and following of the French Commercial Code as regards audit committees  but may maintain this committee if it so wishes.Indicative timetable for the transfer to Euronext Growth ParisIn the coming days  an application to delist the shares of Euronext Paris' Fermentalg and their concomitant admission to Euronext Growth Paris will be filed with Euronext Paris. Subject to the agreement of Euronext Paris  admission to Euronext Growth Paris will take place within a minimum period of two (2) months from the General Meeting that approved the Transfer  at the earliest on 2 April 2024  and within the limit of twelve (12) month following the date of the General Meeting.The Company will be supported in its transfer project on Euronext Growth Paris by CIC Market Solutions as a listing sponsor.Next publication: results of the 2023 financial year andturnover of the 1st quarter 2024  3 April 2024 (after the closing of the markets)About FermentalgExpert in the research and the bioindustrial exploitation of microalgae  Fermentalg aims to offer sustainable solutions and innovative products that contribute to the development of healthy  natural and efficient products. Our business: the development  production and marketing of sustainable solutions and active ingredients from microalgae  for nutrition  health and the environment. Nutritional lipids  alternative proteins  natural food colours and innovative environmental solutions are the current and future offer of our society. Fermentalg shares are listed on Euronext Paris (FR0011271600 - FALG)  and are eligible for PEA-PME and long-only SRD. It received the Exemplary rating (90/100) by EthiFinance ESG Ratings  a rating agency specialising in the ESG performance of SMEs listed on European markets  in favour of Socially Responsible Investment (SRI).For more information: www.fermentalg.comContact for journalists: Investor Relations: ACTUS finance and communicationFatou-Kiné N'DIAYEPhone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.fr ACTUS finance and communicationJérôme FABREGUETTES LEIBPhone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 78fermentalg@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lphyksdrlm+VlZxuZZqXmGOUaW9hm2eblmrKxmWaZsvImm9im5ySbJnKZnFllmZo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84112-falg_cp_projet_transfert_growth_post-ag_eng_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.19,0.8,0.01,negative,0.01,0.36,0.64,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris market', 'The Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Fermentalg shares', 'transfer', 'listing', 'February', '02:05', 'mandatory public offer mechanism', 'IFRS accounting standards', 'executive remuneration policy', 'individual executive remuneration', 'consolidated) financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euronext Growth Paris', ""statutory auditors' review"", 'multilateral trading system', 'corporate governance report', 'Fermentalg S.A.', 'French Commercial Code', 'quarterly financial information', 'half-yearly financial statements', 'The General Assembly', 'permanent market information', 'listing market transfer', 'Euronext Paris', 'Financial Code', 'public tenders', 'pay» mechanism', 'remuneration report', 'financial markets', 'financial year', 'French Monetary', 'half-yearly report', 'General Meetings', 'The Corporation', 'periodic information', 'ongoing information', 'regulated information', 'regulated market', 'market capitalization', 'market abuse', 'Article L.', 'Subfund C', 'accelerated procedure', 'simplified operation', 'current regulations', 'exhaustive list', 'four months', 'first half', 'three-month period', 'half-year accounts', 'European Parliament', 'complete dissemination', 'debt instruments', 'voting rights', 'reporting requirements', 'three years', 'prior vote', 'subsequent vote', 'internal control', 'Articles L.', 'audit committees', 'Indicative timetable', 'coming days', 'statutory thresholds', 'activity report', 'The Board', 'existing shares', 'new shares', 'possible consequences', 'current publication', 'preparatory documents', 'risk management', 'listing transfer', 'minority shareholders', 'The Company', 'MAR Regulation', 'Libourne', 'February', 'FALG', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'securities', 'powers', 'Directors', 'agreement', 'part', 'admission', 'Reasons', 'project', 'constraints', 'resources', 'size', 'needs', 'attractiveness', 'terms', 'companies', 'Council', '16 April', 'effective', 'addition', 'officers', 'persons', 'obligation', 'transactions', 'section', 'protection', 'event', 'concert', '50% threshold', 'crossings', 'AMF', 'law', 'regard', 'website', 'convocation', 'notice', 'availability', 'results', 'votes', 'minutes', 'say', 'approval', 'application']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35818,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2824598/0/en/Quadient-s-Financial-Automation-Cloud-Offerings-Named-as-Recommended-Solutions-by-Sage.html,Quadient’s Financial Automation Cloud Offerings Named as Recommended Solutions by Sage,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced that its financial automation cloud offerings for accounts receivable (AR) and accounts payable (AP) a…,Quadient AR and Quadient AP now integrate with Sage Intacct to provide predictive analytics and intelligent insights for North American and European finance teamsQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced that its financial automation cloud offerings for accounts receivable (AR) and accounts payable (AP) are endorsed as “Recommended Solutions” by Sage  the leader in accounting  financial  HR and payroll technology for millions of small and mid-sized businesses.Sage has given Quadient a Tech Partner Plus status  recommending Quadient AR and Quadient AP for Sage Intacct customers and partners seeking to automate and optimize the order-to-cash and procure-to-pay processes. Sage Intacct helps organizations thrive in today’s digital world with proven cloud native solutions across accounting  planning  analytics and payroll. The powerful cloud platform offers deep multi-dimensional insight and AI-powered automation which enables organizational agility  leading to increased profitability and enhanced customer satisfaction.“At Sage  we aim to provide organizations with innovative solutions that scale with them  and collaborating with Quadient aligns perfectly with this objective ” said Chip Mahan  Global Head of Fintech  Payments & Banking  Sage. “Sage has a rich history with Quadient  and we are excited to deepen our relationship and integration with the company. The Tech Partner Plus badge tells our customers that we’ve vetted these providers for innovation  scale  ease of use and service.”Sage Intacct users can now benefit from Quadient’s artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities  such as predicting customer payment behaviour  forecasting cashflow and accessing intelligent insights  including real-time data graphs in a unified portal. In the area of AR automation  customers have a more holistic view of their finances with predictive analytics  including combining sales orders with integrated instant credit check capacity powered by artificial intelligence. For AP teams  the integration with Quadient AP allows for the management of invoices  payments  purchase orders and expenses in a single system  resulting in up to an 83% reduction in data entry using optical character recognition capabilities  and in approval of invoices up to 9 times faster.“Quadient establishes strategic partnerships with industry-leading solution providers such as Sage to offer seamless integration of our leading cloud-based process automation platform with incumbent application landscapes ” said Geoffrey Godet  CEO at Quadient. “Quadient is uniquely positioned to bring the benefits of advanced AP and AR automation solutions to small and mid-sized companies through a flexible subscription model and high service reliability. By extending our integration with Sage across North America and Europe  where we recently expanded our customer base  we will enable even more finance leaders and their teams to spend more time on strategic work  to further advance digitization and provide excellence in both customer and employee experience.”To learn more about Quadient SaaS solutions for financial and communication automation  visit www.quadient.com.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.3,0.69,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Automation Cloud Offerings', 'Quadient', 'Solutions', 'Sage', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'The Tech Partner Plus badge', 'leading cloud-based process automation platform', 'Tech Partner Plus status', 'instant credit check capacity', 'optical character recognition capabilities', 'three key solution areas', 'proven cloud native solutions', 'financial automation cloud offerings', 'powerful cloud platform', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'machine learning capabilities', 'deep multi-dimensional insight', 'incumbent application landscapes', 'flexible subscription model', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'real-time data graphs', 'industry-leading solution providers', 'meaningful customer connections', 'customer payment behaviour', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'high service reliability', 'Contacts Joe Scolaro', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'AR automation solutions', 'European finance teams', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'Quadient SaaS solutions', 'Sage Intacct users', 'customer experience excellence', 'Global Head', 'Sage Intacct customers', 'AI-powered automation', 'Recommended Solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'data entry', 'finance leaders', 'employee experience', 'customer satisfaction', 'customer base', 'intelligent insights', 'North American', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'pay processes', 'organizational agility', 'Chip Mahan', 'rich history', 'artificial intelligence', 'unified portal', 'holistic view', 'sales orders', 'purchase orders', 'single system', 'strategic partnerships', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'mid-sized companies', 'strategic work', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'AP teams', 'advanced AP', 'predictive analytics', 'payroll technology', 'mid-sized businesses', 'Quadient AR', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient AP', 'seamless integration', 'digital world', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'accounts', 'receivable', 'payable', 'accounting', 'millions', 'small', 'cash', 'organizations', 'today', 'planning', 'increased', 'profitability', 'enhanced', 'objective', 'Fintech', 'Payments', 'Banking', 'relationship', 'company', 'innovation', 'scale', 'finances', 'integrated', 'management', 'invoices', 'expenses', '83% reduction', 'approval', 'CEO', 'benefits', 'digitization', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information', 'Media', 'Communications', 'Ext.', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2824479/0/en/Virbac-Declaration-of-the-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-01-2024.html,Virbac : Declaration of the number of shares and voting rights 01/2024,DECLARATION OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS  Information on the total number of voting rights and of shares representing the share......,DECLARATION OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTSInformation on the total number of voting rights and of shares representing the share capital(Article 223-16 of the General regulations of the French Financial Market Authority – Autoritédes Marchés Financiers)Quotation place: Euronext ParisCompartiment AISIN code: FR0000031577Date Total number of shares representing the share capital Total number of voting rights January  31 2024 8 458 000 Gross total of voting rights : 12 774 410 Net total* of voting rights : 12 686 129Net total* = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares net of shares with no voting rights.VIRBAC: Shaping the future of animal healthNYSE Euronext - Compartiment A / Code ISIN: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPCorporate Finance: tel. 33 4 92 08 71 32 / Email: finances@virbac.comWebsite: www.virbac.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['voting rights', 'Virbac', 'Declaration', 'number', 'shares', 'French Financial Market Authority', 'animal health NYSE Euronext', 'Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris', 'VOTING RIGHTS', 'share capital', 'General regulations', 'Quotation place', 'Compartiment A', 'ISIN code', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'Code ISIN', 'Corporate Finance', 'total number', 'DECLARATION', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Information', 'Article', 'Autorité', 'Date', 'January', 'VIRBAC', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel.', 'Email', 'finances', 'Website', 'Attachment']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823970/0/en/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme.html,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 29 January 2024 and 2 February 2024  i…,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 29 January 2024 and 2 February 2024  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 29-01-2024 88 000 € 5 306 180 € 60.30 € 59.88 € 60.68 30-01-2024 87 000 € 5 272 452 € 60.60 € 60.40 € 60.88 31-01-2024 88 000 € 5 336 294 € 60.64 € 60.24 € 61.16 01-02-2024 95 000 € 5 637 091 € 59.34 € 59.00 € 60.12 02-02-2024 90 000 € 5 365 620 € 59.62 € 59.40 € 60.36Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 10 919 069 on 2 February 2024  for a total consideration of € 623 708 635.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Lowest price Highest price', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '29 January', '2 February', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MITHRA-PHARMACEUTICALS-S--22744124/news/Mithra-share-price-falls-financial-visibility-reduced-45891474/,Mithra: share price falls  financial visibility reduced -February 06  2024 at 06:04 am EST,(marketscreener.com) The women's health company Mithra fell by almost 30% on Tuesday on Euronext Brussels after announcing that it had less than a month's financial visibility.The company's current cash position of 6.5 million euros should cover its current c…,Mithra: share price falls  financial visibility reducedFebruary 06  2024 at 06:04 am EST ShareThe women's health company Mithra fell by almost 30% on Tuesday on Euronext Brussels after announcing that it had less than a month's financial visibility.The company's current cash position of 6.5 million euros should cover its current cash requirements until the beginning of March  according to a press release issued this morning.Mithra says it has entered into discussions with its creditors with a view to extending its financial room for maneuver  some of whom have already indicated their willingness to engage in dialogue.In recent months  the group has studied various strategic options  with a view in particular to selling certain assets and raising additional equity capital.The company explains that it is still looking to sell or license various assets  and is evaluating the best strategic alternatives for two of its non-core businesses: Novalon  its complex therapeutics business  and its advanced CDMO (pharmaceutical contract manufacturing) businesses.Its management also expects to conclude a licensing and supply agreement(s) for Donesta (menopause) for the US in 2024  which should generate upfront payments  supply revenues and royalties.Mithra expects to present its full-year 2023 results on March 8.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.03,0.75,0.21,neutral,0.07,0.84,0.09,True,English,"['share price', 'financial visibility', 'Mithra', 'February', '06', 'current cash position', 'current cash requirements', 'additional equity capital', 'best strategic alternatives', 'complex therapeutics business', 'pharmaceutical contract manufacturing', 'various strategic options', 'financial visibility', 'Euronext Brussels', 'a month', '6.5 million euros', 'press release', 'financial room', 'recent months', 'various assets', 'advanced CDMO', 'supply agreement', 'upfront payments', 'supply revenues', 'full-year 2023 results', 'share price', 'non-core businesses', 'health company', 'Mithra', 'February', 'women', 'Tuesday', 'less', 'beginning', 'March', 'discussions', 'creditors', 'view', 'maneuver', 'willingness', 'dialogue', 'group', 'Novalon', 'management', 'licensing', 'Donesta', 'menopause', 'royalties', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '06', '04']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35822,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-GROUPE-NV-5967/news/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme-45889315/,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme -February 06  2024 at 02:01 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 29 January 2024 a…,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 29 January 2024 and 2 February 2024  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 29-01-2024 88 000 € 5 306 180 € 60.30 € 59.88 € 60.68 30-01-2024 87 000 € 5 272 452 € 60.60 € 60.40 € 60.88 31-01-2024 88 000 € 5 336 294 € 60.64 € 60.24 € 61.16 01-02-2024 95 000 € 5 637 091 € 59.34 € 59.00 € 60.12 02-02-2024 90 000 € 5 365 620 € 59.62 € 59.40 € 60.36Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 10 919 069 on 2 February 2024  for a total consideration of € 623 708 635.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'February', '02', '01', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Lowest price Highest price', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '29 January', '2 February', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35823,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IDSUD-S-A-9293387/news/IDSud-towards-a-proposed-public-stock-buyback-tender-offer-45893807/,IDSud: towards a proposed public stock buyback tender offer -February 06  2024 at 09:28 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Investment company IDSud has announced its intention to launch a public share buyback tender offer for its own shares listed on Euronext Growth Paris  which will provide 'a liquidity opportunity for shareholders'.The OPRA would be remuner…,IDSud: towards a proposed public stock buyback tender offerFebruary 06  2024 at 09:28 am EST ShareInvestment company IDSud has announced its intention to launch a public share buyback tender offer (OPRA) for its own shares listed on Euronext Growth Paris  which will provide 'a liquidity opportunity for shareholders'.The OPRA would be remunerated in Française des Jeux (FDJ) ordinary shares  on the basis of five FDJ shares for one IDSud share. IDSud holds 2 797 064 FDJ shares  representing 1.46% of La Française des Jeux' share capital.The public exchange offer would be filed with the AMF in the second quarter of 2024  subject to the adoption of the necessary resolutions for a capital reduction by the Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM)  which is expected to be held before April 30.IDSud has also been informed that Indivision Luciani plans to launch a simplified public tender offer (OPAS) for the remaining shares it does not hold after the planned capital reduction  subject to completion of the OPRA.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['public stock buyback tender offer', 'IDSud', 'February', '09:28', ""La Française des Jeux' share capital"", 'public stock buyback tender offer', 'public share buyback tender offer', 'simplified public tender offer', 'public exchange offer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'one IDSud share', 'five FDJ shares', 'capital reduction', 'Investment company', 'liquidity opportunity', 'ordinary shares', '2,797,064 FDJ shares', 'second quarter', 'necessary resolutions', 'Indivision Luciani', 'remaining shares', 'The OPRA', 'February', 'intention', 'shareholders', 'basis', 'AMF', 'adoption', 'EGM', 'April', 'OPAS', 'completion', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '09']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35824,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/Highco-Shareholding-as-01-31-2024-45891786/,Highco: Shareholding as 01/31/2024 -February 06  2024 at 06:44 am EST,(marketscreener.com) INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers Date of settlemento…,INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESDeclaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Date of settlementof information Total number of shares Number of shares without voting rights (*) Number of voting rights for threshold calculation (**) Number of actual voting rights (exercisable at shareholders’ meeting) January 31  2024 20 455 403 697 328 22 376 636 21 679 308 December 31  2023 20 455 403 701 329 22 376 736 21 675 407(*) exclusively consisting of treasury shares.(**) theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (article 223-11 of the General Regulations AMF).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has nearly 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSARManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming eventPublication take place after market close .Quarterly gross profitQ1 2024 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 April 2024Q2 and H1 2024 Gross Profit: Thursday  18 July 2024Q3 and 9-months 2024 Gross Profit: Wednesday  16 October 20242024 Gross Profit: Wednesday  22 January 2025Analyst meeting (French Society of Financial Analysts - SFAF)2023 Annual Earnings Conference Call at 10:00 am: Thursday  28 March 20242024 Half-year Earnings Conference Call at 10:00 am: Thursday  12 September 2024Earnings2023 Annual Earnings: Wednesday  27 March 20242024 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  11 September 2024HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.41,0.59,True,English,"['Highco', 'Shareholding', 'February', '01', '06', 'Cécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSAR', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'SME equity savings plans', 'Managing Director Press Relations', '2023 Annual Earnings Conference Call', '2024 Half-year Earnings Conference Call', 'Upcoming event Publication', 'Quarterly gross profit', 'Q1 2024 Gross Profit', 'H1 2024 Gross Profit', '9-months 2024 Gross Profit', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'actual voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'General Regulations AMF', 'compartment C', 'press releases', 'Euronext Paris', 'French Society', 'CAC® Small', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'expert marketing', 'Gold rating', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'Analyst meeting', 'Financial Analysts', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'SHARES Declaration', 'treasury shares', 'threshold crossing', 'English translation', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'financial information', '28 March', 'Articles', 'Date', 'settlement', 'calculation', 'January', 'HighCo', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'transformation', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'place', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Q2', 'Thursday', 'Q3', 'October', 'SFAF', 'September', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', 'Attachment', '10:00']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35825,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERIGE-110711922/news/Herige-TURNOVER-AT-DECEMBER-31-2023-EUR-835-6-MILLION-45895217/,Herige : TURNOVER AT DECEMBER 31  2023 -February 06  2024 at 12:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Growth in industrial activities in 2023Concrete Industry up 4.0%Industrial Joinery up 33.9%French GAAP – € millionTurnover20232022Change %   CurrentLike-for-like1st quarter227.1193.8+17.2%+6.2%2nd...https://…,"Growth in industrial activities in 2023Concrete Industry up 4.0%Industrial Joinery up 33.9%French GAAP – € millionTurnover 2023(1) 2022 Change % Current Like-for-like(2) 1st quarter 227.1 193.8 +17.2% +6.2% 2nd quarter 228.0 219.2 +4.0% -5.1% 3rd quarter 183.0 173.6 +5.4% -3.7% 4th quarter 197.6 206.3 -4.2% -9.8% TOTAL 835.6 792.9 +5.4% -3.2% Industrial Joinery 270.1 201.7 +33.9% +2.1% Concrete Industry 144.5 138.9 +4.0% +1.9% Building Materials Trading 388.3 423.2 -8.2% -8.2% Other 65.3 62.6 +4.3% +4.3% Inter-segment eliminations -32.5 -33.5 - -(1) Unaudited figures – including discontinued operations of the Building Materials Trading  Public Works and Natural Stone businesses (VM Matériaux  LNTP and Cominex).(2) Restated for MGT and Poralu in Industrial Joinery and for Audoin et Fils in Concrete Industry.Refocus on high value-added activitiesHERIGE posted turnover of €197.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2023  down 4.2% (down 9.8% like-for-like) on the same period in 2022. This is in line with trends observed since the beginning of the year  marked by a downturn in the new construction market and a less significant price effect over the quarter. Besides  business was strongly impacted by adverse weather conditions (storm Ciaran)  leading to temporary production stoppages in Industrial Joinery and the closure of certain Building Materials Trading points of sale.Industrial Joinery sales were up 12.3% (down 7.6% like-for-like)  benefiting from the acquisition strategy implemented in 2022.Concrete Industry proved resilient  with sales down 3.3% (down 1.5% like-for-like). Business remains buoyant thanks to ready-mix concrete  notably the reduced-carbon footprint Vitaliss® concrete range.Building Materials Trading continued its slowdown over the period  with business down 13.1%  mainly impacted by unfavorable weather conditions in November.Building on its external growth and innovation strategy  HERIGE maintained the pace of development in its industrial businesses  with turnover of €835.6 million  up 5.4% (down 3.2% like-for-like) in 2023.Lastly  HERIGE is continuing exclusive negotiations with SAMSE (announced early December 2023) with a view to selling the Group's Building Materials Trading division (VM Matériaux  LNTP  Cominex). Based on its continuing operations  the Group posted turnover of €460.8 million in 2023  up 19.7% (up 2.3% like-for-like).Outlook and developmentsAgainst the backdrop of a marked slowdown in the new construction market and an uncertain macroeconomic environment  HERIGE nevertheless intends to continue implementing its strategic priorities  which are supported by a favorable regulatory context: two-fold increase in the MaPrimeRénov' renovation program and extension of the Prêt à Taux Zéro interest-free loan until 2027  with relaxed eligibility conditions.HERIGE can also rely on the fundamentals of its proven business model and rigorous management of its financial equilibrium.Next publication: FY 2023 results on April 2  2024 (after the close of trading)All our financial communications are available on our website:www.groupe-herige.fr/enAbout HERIGEHERIGE Group focuses on three sectors of the building industry: Building Materials Trading  the Concrete Industry and Industrial Joinery. Originally based in the Vendée region  HERIGE currently employs over 3 000 people and has a strong presence in Western France.HERIGE is listed on Euronext GrowthPEA/PME eligibleIndices: EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS  EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE  ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME 150ISIN FR0000066540  Ticker: ALHRG  Reuters ALHRG.PAHERIGEBenoît Hennaut – Chairman of the Executive BoardCaroline Lutinier – Head of Group Communication & CSRTel.: +33 (0)2 51 08 08 08E-mail: communication@groupe-herige.frACTUS finance & communicationCorinne Puissant – Analyst/Investor RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 – E-mail: cpuissant@actus.frSerena Boni – Press RelationsTel.: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92 – E-mail: sboni@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xWdrZZ2bY2zGxm6dk8tlmmGWbZmXmGOcl5bLxpedmMnKnZxhm21hnMiWZnFllmVn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84101-herige_ca_t4_2023_vdef_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Herige', 'TURNOVER', 'DECEMBER', 'February', '12:05', 'Prêt à Taux Zéro interest-free loan', ""MaPrimeRénov' renovation program"", 'Building Materials Trading points', 'Building Materials Trading division', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE', 'Benoît Hennaut', 'VM Matériaux', 'new construction market', 'significant price effect', 'temporary production stoppages', 'uncertain macroeconomic environment', 'favorable regulatory context', 'Vendée region', 'adverse weather conditions', 'unfavorable weather conditions', 'original press release', 'Natural Stone businesses', 'high value-added activities', 'next press releases', 'Vitaliss® concrete range', 'proven business model', 'EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Industrial Joinery sales', 'building industry', 'eligibility conditions', 'Press Relations', 'industrial activities', 'industrial businesses', 'external growth', 'Concrete Industry', 'mix concrete', 'French GAAP', 'Inter-segment eliminations', 'Unaudited figures', 'Public Works', 'storm Ciaran', 'acquisition strategy', 'carbon footprint', 'innovation strategy', 'exclusive negotiations', 'strategic priorities', 'two-fold increase', 'rigorous management', 'financial equilibrium', 'Next publication', 'FY 2023 results', 'financial communications', 'three sectors', 'strong presence', 'Western France', 'ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME', 'Executive Board', 'Caroline Lutinier', 'Corinne Puissant', 'Investor Relations', 'Serena Boni', 'annual revenues', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'same period', 'continuing operations', 'marked slowdown', 'Reuters ALHRG', 'ACTUS finance', 'Group Communication', 'HERIGE Group', 'Turnover', 'Change', 'Other', 'LNTP', 'Cominex', 'MGT', 'Poralu', 'Audoin', 'Fils', 'trends', 'beginning', 'year', 'downturn', 'less', 'closure', 'November', 'pace', 'development', 'SAMSE', 'view', 'Outlook', 'backdrop', 'extension', 'fundamentals', 'April', 'close', 'website', '3,000 people', 'PEA/PME', 'Indices', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'Chairman', 'Head', 'CSR', 'Tel.', 'mail', 'groupe-herige', 'cpuissant', 'sboni', 'xWdrZZ2bY2zGxm6dk8tlmmGWbZmXmGOcl5bLxpedmMnKnZxhm21hnMiWZnFllmVn', 'Full', 'PDF', 'company', '2024']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35826,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2824607/0/en/Ipsen-Monthly-information-relative-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital.html,Ipsen - Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital            (in accordance with Article L.233-8...,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rightsand shares composing the share capital(in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Market: Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR 0010259150LEI: 549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11Date Total number of shares composing the share capital Total number of voting rights (1) 31 January 2024 83 814 526 Gross total* of voting rights: 132 102 287 Net total** of voting rights: 130 983 013(1) Existence of a statutory clause imposing an obligation to declare threshold crossing complementary to the one relative to the legal thresholds (Article 10).* Gross total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares  including the number of shares which benefit of double voting rights and the number of treasury shares. The « Gross total » is used as a basis for the calculation of threshold crossings.** Net total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares – shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Monthly information', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Ipsen', 'shares', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'double voting rights', 'ISIN Code', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Euronext Paris', 'statutory clause', 'legal thresholds', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'total number', 'threshold crossings', 'Article L.', 'treasury shares', 'accordance', 'Market', 'LEI', '549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11', 'Date', '31 January', 'Existence', 'obligation', 'basis', 'calculation', 'Attachment']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MOLTEN-VENTURES-PLC-28722806/news/Investor-Day-45889362/,Investor Day,(marketscreener.com) Molten Ventures PlcInvestor Day 06-Feb-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BSTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Molten Ventures plcInvestor Day Molten Ventures plc   a leading venture c…,"Molten Ventures plc(""Molten""  the ""Group"" or the ""Company"")Investor DayMolten Ventures plc (LSE: GROW  Euronext Dublin: GRW)  a leading venture capital firm investing in and developing high growth digital technology businesses  is hosting an Investor Day today for institutional investors and sell-side analysts.The event gathers a number of CEOs from across the Molten portfolio and will provide an opportunity to learn about current trends in technology across Europe and the key advancements in the sector.No new material disclosures will be made during the event.Recordings of a number of the presentations from the day will be available on Molten’s Investor Relations website by Tuesday 20 February.-ENDS-Enquiries:Molten Ventures plc Martin Davis (Chief Executive Officer) Ben Wilkinson (Chief Financial Officer) +44 (0)20 7931 8800 ir@molten.vc Deutsche Numis Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker Simon Willis Jamie Loughborough Iqra Amin +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Goodbody Stockbrokers Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker  Euronext Dublin Sponsor Don Harrington Dearbhla Gallagher William Hall +44 (0) 20 3841 6202 Powerscourt Public relations Elly Williamson Nick Hayns +44 (0)7970 246 725 / +44 (0)7880 744 379 molten@powerscourt-group.comAbout Molten VenturesMolten Ventures is a leading venture capital firm in Europe  developing and investing in disruptive  high growth technology companies. We inject visionary companies with energy to help them transform and grow. This energy comes in many forms - capital  of course  but also knowledge  experience  and relationships. We believe it is our role to support the entrepreneurs who will invent the future  and that future is being built  today  in Europe.As at 30 September 2023  Molten Ventures had a diverse portfolio with shareholdings in 74 companies  17 of which represent our Core Portfolio holdings and account for 62% of the Gross Portfolio Value. Our core companies include Thought Machine  Coachhub  Form3  Aiven  Ledger and Aircall. We invest across four sectors: Enterprise Technology  Hardware and Deeptech  Consumer Technology  and Digital Health and Wellness  with highly experienced partners constantly looking for new opportunities in each. We look for high-growth companies operating in new markets  with aspirations for global expansion  strong IP  powerful technology  and strong management teams to deliver success. We also look for businesses with the potential to generate strong margins to ensure rapid  sustainable growth in substantial addressable markets.Molten Ventures provides a unique opportunity for public market investors to access these fast-growing tech businesses  without having to commit to long term investments with limited liquidity. Since our IPO in June 2016  we have deployed over £1bn capital into fast growing tech companies and have realised £520m to 30 September 2023.For more information  go to https://www.moltenventures.com/",neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,positive,0.7,0.26,0.04,True,English,"['Investor Day', 'Corporate Broker Simon Willis Jamie Loughborough Iqra Amin', 'Powerscourt Public relations Elly Williamson Nick Hayns', 'Don Harrington Dearbhla Gallagher William Hall', 'vc Deutsche Numis Joint Financial Adviser', 'Goodbody Stockbrokers Joint Financial Adviser', 'disruptive, high growth technology companies', 'high growth digital technology businesses', 'leading venture capital firm', 'strong IP, powerful technology', 'fast growing tech companies', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'public market investors', 'Investor Relations website', 'rapid, sustainable growth', 'growing tech businesses', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong management teams', 'long term investments', 'Gross Portfolio Value', 'substantial addressable markets', 'new material disclosures', 'Euronext Dublin Sponsor', 'Core Portfolio holdings', 'Molten Ventures plc', 'Digital Health', 'core companies', 'Enterprise Technology', 'Consumer Technology', 'strong margins', 'new markets', '£1bn capital', 'visionary companies', 'high-growth companies', 'Molten portfolio', 'institutional investors', 'diverse portfolio', 'new opportunities', 'Investor Day', 'side analysts', 'current trends', 'key advancements', 'Tuesday 20 February', 'Martin Davis', 'Ben Wilkinson', 'many forms', 'Thought Machine', 'four sectors', 'experienced partners', 'global expansion', 'limited liquidity', 'unique opportunity', '74 companies', 'Group', 'Company', 'LSE', 'GRW', 'event', 'number', 'CEOs', 'Europe', 'Recordings', 'presentations', 'Enquiries', 'energy', 'course', 'knowledge', 'relationships', 'role', 'entrepreneurs', 'future', '30 September', 'shareholdings', 'Coachhub', 'Aiven', 'Ledger', 'Aircall', 'Hardware', 'Deeptech', 'Wellness', 'aspirations', 'success', 'potential', 'IPO', 'June', 'information', 'moltenventures']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2824599/0/en/HOPSCOTCH-GROUPE-Consolidated-Turnover-for-4th-Quarter-2023.html,HOPSCOTCH GROUPE : Consolidated Turnover for 4th Quarter 2023,Press Release Paris  February 6  2024  5.30PMQuarterly Results Section  HOPSCOTCH GROUPEConsolidated Turnover for 4th Quarter 2023A New Year of High......,Press ReleaseParis  February 6  2024  5.30PMQuarterly Results SectionHOPSCOTCH GROUPEConsolidated Turnover for 4th Quarter 2023A New Year of High GrowthHOPSCOTCH (Euronext Growth FR0000065278)  a communications consulting group and a major player in Digital Marketing & Communications  Public Relations  and Events  announces its consolidated turnover and gross margin to December 31  2023.M€ (*) Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4(*)TOTAL Consolidated Turnover 2023Consolidated Gross Margin 2023 51 018 3 72 023 7 57 321 4 91 629 6 271 993 0 Consolidated Turnover 2022Consolidated Gross Margin 2022 45 316 7 63 521 5 52 619 9 85 528 3 246 986 4 Turnover VariationGross Margin Variation +12 5%+9 3% +13 4%+10 2% +8 9%+7 5% +7 1%+4 6% +10 1%+7 6%(*) Unaudited dataHopscotch’s consolidated turnover amounted to 271.9 million euros  and the consolidated gross margin reached 93.0 million euros for fiscal 2023  once again beating remarkable values  following the excellent performance of the previous year. Fiscal 2023 benefited from the continuous growth of the events business  mirroring last year’s successes. The group's core businesses continue their steady organic growth. Hopscotch consolidates a full year's worth of companies specializing in sports in its gross margin  compared to only half a year in 2022  with a favorable impact on gross margin of around 2 million euros.With the finalized acquisition of Interface Tourism on January 31 last year  sales would have approached 300 million euros  and gross profit would have exceeded the symbolic threshold of 100 million euros. With an operating margin surpassing gross profit of 15%  Interface Tourism will be accretive in the consolidated financial statements in 2024. Numerous commercial  business  and geographic synergies will develop from the merger with Interface Tourism. Hopscotch will gain a foothold in Spain and the Netherlands and strengthen its position in Italy. 40 offices across the global now compose its network.The acquisition  as recently published  is paid for half in cash  and half in newly-issued shares: the EGM of January 31  2024 voted to create 236 279 new shares  bringing the total number of shares to 3 003 722 and the share capital to €2 252 791.50.HOPSCOTCH will publish its consolidated annual results for 2023 on Tuesday April 2  2024  before stock-markets open._______Shareholder ContactPierre-Franck MOLEY - General Director - Tel. 01 41 34 20 56 - pfmoley@hopscotchgroupe.comPress ContactJodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE - Assistant to the Management Board - Tel. 01 41 34 20 51 - jodiekc@hopscotchgroupe.com________About HOPSCOTCHHOPSCOTCH is an international communications group founded in France  directed by its founders and its managers  all guided by a business vision carried forward by the complementarity of expertise. HOPSCOTCH’s founding belief? “Global PR”  created around a unique mix of digital  event management  influence  public relations  and marketing services  for both Art de Vivre and corporate challenges.HOPSCOTCH brings together in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Marseille) and internationally (4 continental hubs in Asia  America  Europe  & Middle East) more than 800 expert collaborators in all communication skills: influence  events  activation  digitalization  internal communications  public affairs  marketing services…Convinced that the value of an enterprise or organization resides in the care given to its capital of human relations  HOPSCOTCH structures its expertise around its own brand “Hopscotch” (Events / PR / Travel / Décideurs / Congrès / Luxe / Sport)  and specialized agencies: AD crew  Alizeum  heaven  Hopscotch Interface Tourism  Human to Human  Le Public Système Cinéma  Le Public Système PR  Sagarmatha  Sopexa  Sport&Co and Uniteam.HOPSCOTCH now has an integrated international network of 40 offices in 5 continents and operations in over 60 countries.Listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: ALHOP FR 00000 6527 8)  the group represents a turnover of 246.9 million and a gross margin of €86.1 million in 2022.Follow us: www.hopscotchgroupe.com et sur LinkedIn / X / Instagram @HOPSCOTCHgroupeAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.17,0.27,True,English,"['HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', 'Consolidated Turnover', '4th Quarter', 'Le Public Système Cinéma', 'Le Public Système PR', 'Jodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE', 'Art de Vivre', 'Quarterly Results Section', 'steady organic growth', 'integrated international network', 'A New Year', 'half a year', 'Gross Margin Variation', 'communications consulting group', 'international communications group', 'Consolidated Gross Margin', 'TOTAL Consolidated Turnover', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Hopscotch Interface Tourism', 'Public Relations', 'public affairs', '86,4 Turnover Variation', 'total number', 'annual results', 'operating margin', 'High Growth', 'previous year', 'continuous growth', 'last year', 'full year', 'gross profit', '0 Consolidated Turnover', 'internal communications', 'Global PR', 'Press Release', '4th Quarter', 'major player', 'Digital Marketing', 'Q1 Q2', 'Unaudited data', 'remarkable values', 'excellent performance', 'core businesses', 'favorable impact', 'symbolic threshold', 'financial statements', 'geographic synergies', 'Tuesday April', 'Shareholder Contact', 'Pierre-Franck MOLEY', 'General Director', 'Press Contact', 'Management Board', 'business vision', 'founding belief', 'unique mix', 'event management', 'marketing services', 'corporate challenges', 'continental hubs', 'Middle East', '800 expert collaborators', 'communication skills', 'Décideurs', 'Congrès', 'specialized agencies', 'AD crew', 'ISIN code', 'ALHOP FR', '236,279 new shares', '271.9 million euros', '2 million euros', '300 million euros', '100 million euros', 'finalized acquisition', 'share capital', 'human relations', 'Sport&Co', 'events business', 'HOPSCOTCHgroupe Attachment', 'HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', '93.0 million', 'February', '5.30PM', 'December', 'fiscal', 'successes', 'worth', 'companies', 'sports', 'January', 'sales', 'merger', 'foothold', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'position', 'Italy', '40 offices', 'cash', 'EGM', 'stock-markets', 'Tel.', 'pfmoley', 'Assistant', 'jodiekc', 'France', 'founders', 'managers', 'complementarity', 'expertise', 'influence', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Marseille', 'Asia', 'America', 'Europe', 'activation', 'digitalization', 'enterprise', 'organization', 'care', 'brand', 'Travel', 'Luxe', 'Alizeum', 'heaven', 'Sagarmatha', 'Sopexa', 'Uniteam', '5 continents', 'operations', '60 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', '€']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SU-GROUP-HOLDINGS-LIMITED-164674631/news/Yolo-Group-doubles-revenues-in-2023-and-confirms-breakeven-target-45895477/,Yolo Group doubles revenues in 2023 and confirms breakeven target,(marketscreener.com) Yolo Group Spa reported Tuesday that it ended 2023 with revenues of EUR9.5 million  more than doubling year-on-year. Ebitda as a percentage of revenues improved from negative 17 percent to 13 percent  with Ebitda value negative EUR1.2 mil…,"(Alliance News) - Yolo Group Spa reported Tuesday that it ended 2023 with revenues of EUR9.5 million  more than doubling year-on-year.Ebitda as a percentage of revenues improved from negative 17 percent to 13 percent  with Ebitda value negative EUR1.2 million.Net financial position is positive EUR100 000  with cash and cash equivalents of EUR4.6 million.The 2023 results create the conditions for confirming the breakeven target to 2024 and for accelerating the implementation of the 2024-2026 business plan  whose targets the company has updated.Three strategic directions are the consolidation of the phygital distribution model; the increase of the offer portfolio towards both the retail and SME markets; and the development of the international presence  both ahraverso new partnerships and ahraverso inorganic growth.Gianluca De Cobelli  co-founder and CEO of Yolo Group  said  ""The evolution of the business in 2023 proves the validity of our strategic choices. In fact  the results achieved and the path that Yolo is taking reflect what we declared at the time of listing. The solid positioning in insurtech and the growth prospects of the target market place us in the right conditions to accelerate the implementation of the business plan.""The company has also decided to put in place the transition of the stock's listing from the professional segment of Euronext Growth Milan to the ordinary segment in accordance with terms and timing to be agreed with Borsa Italiana.Yolo Group's stock closed Tuesday unchanged at EUR2.00 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.37,True,English,"['Yolo Group', 'revenues', 'target', 'Copyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Net financial position', 'phygital distribution model', 'Gianluca De Cobelli', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'ahraverso inorganic growth', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Three strategic directions', '2024-2026 business plan', 'Yolo Group Spa', 'growth prospects', 'strategic choices', 'breakeven target', 'offer portfolio', 'SME markets', 'international presence', 'new partnerships', 'solid positioning', 'target market', 'professional segment', 'ordinary segment', 'Borsa Italiana', 'negative 17 percent', 'Ebitda value', 'cash equivalents', 'right conditions', '13 percent', 'revenues', 'year', 'percentage', '2023 results', 'implementation', 'targets', 'company', 'consolidation', 'increase', 'retail', 'development', 'founder', 'CEO', 'evolution', 'validity', 'fact', 'path', 'time', 'listing', 'insurtech', 'place', 'transition', 'stock', 'accordance', 'terms', 'timing', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'alliancenews', 'rights']",2023-02-07,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4120287.html,Accor UK gifts £61 000 to fund apprenticeship scheme at Brewhouse & Kitchen,Accor  the world leading hospitality group  today announced it has partnered with microbrewery and British pub group  Brewhouse & Kitchen  to gift £61 000 of Apprenticeship Levy to fund the development of 10 apprenticeships across Brewhouse’s 22 venues in the…,Accor  the world leading hospitality group  today announced it has partnered with microbrewery and British pub group  Brewhouse & Kitchen  to gift £61 000 of Apprenticeship Levy to fund the development of 10 apprenticeships across Brewhouse’s 22 venues in the UK.The apprenticeship funds will invest in one Level 2 Hospitality Team Member  one Level 5 Operational/Departmental Manager  two Level 4 Brewers  two Level 4 Hospitality Managers  one Level 3 Senior Production Chef  one Level 2 Commis Chef and two Level 3 Hospitality Supervisors  supporting Brewhouse & Kitchen’s mission to have at least two apprentices in each of its venues by the end of 2024.Brewhouse & Kitchen launched in 2013 with its first Brewpub in Portsmouth  and now has 22 Brewpubs across the UK. Each of its pubs has a microbrewery onsite  paired with one of its talented head brewers whose expertise guides guests as they sample the brews made on-site. The company is a member of the 5% Club  meaning it commits to always having over 5% of its workforce as apprentices. The business has been previously recognised for its commitment to supporting apprentices and won two awards for Best Apprenticeship Strategy at the Springboard Awards and the British Institute of Innkeeping National Innovation in Training Awards in 2023.Accor chose to allocate its remaining funds to another company within the hospitality sector and selected Brewhouse & Kitchen because of its diverse workforce and the variety of apprenticeship roles across the business. With venues throughout the UK  the levy can help encourage recruitment for people outside of major cities and welcome them to the world of hospitality  particularly in the pub sector which is at the heart of the community for so many across the country. The gifted apprenticeship levy will assist the British pub chain to support its colleagues and help them to achieve their career aspirations.We hugely value apprenticeships and currently have around 100 Apprentice Talents in our UK hotels across the UK/I. Brewhouse & Kitchen is a business with a great ethos and a diverse workforce  and we know this gesture will be highly beneficial to develop key skills in the UK hospitality sector. Fran Carr  Talent & Culture Director UK  Ireland & Nordics at AccorBrewhouse & Kitchen aims to inspire those who work for the organisation to see the industry as a credible profession. Whether team members are in the kitchen  front-of-house  managing  or in the brewery  we develop them to be experts in their trade  which is why we focus heavily on apprenticeships. We’re really grateful to Accor for gifting us their unused levy and showing support for others in the hospitality sector. Jody Bennett  People Director at Brewhouse & KitchenThe apprenticeship sector is important to Accor  with the company offering thousands of apprenticeships in its properties over the years across the UK. Accor currently has around 100 of its own apprenticeships available in its UK hotels  covering a variety of operational roles. The apprenticeships are for a duration of 12-18 months and are open to all ages.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Elliot MitchellAccor,neutral,0.31,0.68,0.01,positive,0.91,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Accor UK gifts', 'apprenticeship scheme', 'Brewhouse', 'Kitchen', 'one Level 3 Senior Production Chef', 'one Level 2 Hospitality Team Member', 'one Level 2 Commis Chef', 'one Level 5 Operational/Departmental Manager', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'two Level 4 Hospitality Managers', 'two Level 3 Hospitality Supervisors', 'world leading hospitality group', 'two Level 4 Brewers', 'talented head brewers', 'Innkeeping National Innovation', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'economy hotel brands', 'British pub chain', 'Best Apprenticeship Strategy', 'British pub group', 'creative hospitality company', 'Accor Live Limitless', 'UK hospitality sector', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'two awards', 'pub sector', 'team members', 'British Institute', 'apprenticeship sector', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'two apprentices', 'apprenticeship funds', 'apprenticeship roles', 'first Brewpub', 'Springboard Awards', 'Training Awards', 'remaining funds', 'major cities', 'career aspirations', '100 Apprentice Talents', 'great ethos', 'key skills', 'Fran Carr', 'Culture Director', 'credible profession', 'Jody Bennett', 'operational roles', '12-18 months', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'positive action', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'Elliot Mitchell', 'Apprenticeship Levy', 'unused levy', 'UK hotels', 'People Director', 'concierge services', 'community engagement', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'diverse workforce', 'accommodation properties', 'wide variety', 'business ethics', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'UK/I. Brewhouse', '22 venues', '5,300 properties', 'microbrewery', 'Kitchen', 'development', '10 apprenticeships', 'mission', 'end', 'Portsmouth', '22 Brewpubs', 'expertise', 'guests', 'brews', 'site', '5% Club', 'commitment', 'recruitment', 'country', 'gifted', 'colleagues', 'gesture', 'Ireland', 'Nordics', 'organisation', 'industry', 'experts', 'trade', 'support', 'others', 'thousands', 'years', 'duration', 'ages', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'experiences', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', '2024']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,hospitalitynet.org
35831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-s-Financial-Automation-Cloud-Offerings-Named-as-Recommended-Solutions-by-Sage-45895028/,Quadient's Financial Automation Cloud Offerings Named as Recommended Solutions by Sage,(marketscreener.com) Quadient AR and Quadient AP now integrate with Sage Intacct to provide predictive analytics and intelligent insights for North American and European finance teams Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connec…,Quadient AR and Quadient AP now integrate with Sage Intacct to provide predictive analytics and intelligent insights for North American and European finance teamsQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced that its financial automation cloud offerings for accounts receivable (AR) and accounts payable (AP) are endorsed as “Recommended Solutions” by Sage  the leader in accounting  financial  HR and payroll technology for millions of small and mid-sized businesses.Sage has given Quadient a Tech Partner Plus status  recommending Quadient AR and Quadient AP for Sage Intacct customers and partners seeking to automate and optimize the order-to-cash and procure-to-pay processes. Sage Intacct helps organizations thrive in today’s digital world with proven cloud native solutions across accounting  planning  analytics and payroll. The powerful cloud platform offers deep multi-dimensional insight and AI-powered automation which enables organizational agility  leading to increased profitability and enhanced customer satisfaction.“At Sage  we aim to provide organizations with innovative solutions that scale with them  and collaborating with Quadient aligns perfectly with this objective ” said Chip Mahan  Global Head of Fintech  Payments & Banking  Sage. “Sage has a rich history with Quadient  and we are excited to deepen our relationship and integration with the company. The Tech Partner Plus badge tells our customers that we’ve vetted these providers for innovation  scale  ease of use and service.”Sage Intacct users can now benefit from Quadient’s artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities  such as predicting customer payment behaviour  forecasting cashflow and accessing intelligent insights  including real-time data graphs in a unified portal. In the area of AR automation  customers have a more holistic view of their finances with predictive analytics  including combining sales orders with integrated instant credit check capacity powered by artificial intelligence. For AP teams  the integration with Quadient AP allows for the management of invoices  payments  purchase orders and expenses in a single system  resulting in up to an 83% reduction in data entry using optical character recognition capabilities  and in approval of invoices up to 9 times faster.“Quadient establishes strategic partnerships with industry-leading solution providers such as Sage to offer seamless integration of our leading cloud-based process automation platform with incumbent application landscapes ” said Geoffrey Godet  CEO at Quadient. “Quadient is uniquely positioned to bring the benefits of advanced AP and AR automation solutions to small and mid-sized companies through a flexible subscription model and high service reliability. By extending our integration with Sage across North America and Europe  where we recently expanded our customer base  we will enable even more finance leaders and their teams to spend more time on strategic work  to further advance digitization and provide excellence in both customer and employee experience.”To learn more about Quadient SaaS solutions for financial and communication automation  visit www.quadient.com.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Automation Cloud Offerings', 'Quadient', 'Solutions', 'Sage', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'The Tech Partner Plus badge', 'leading cloud-based process automation platform', 'Tech Partner Plus status', 'instant credit check capacity', 'optical character recognition capabilities', 'three key solution areas', 'proven cloud native solutions', 'financial automation cloud offerings', 'powerful cloud platform', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'machine learning capabilities', 'deep multi-dimensional insight', 'incumbent application landscapes', 'flexible subscription model', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'real-time data graphs', 'industry-leading solution providers', 'meaningful customer connections', 'customer payment behaviour', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'high service reliability', 'Contacts Joe Scolaro', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'AR automation solutions', 'European finance teams', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'Quadient SaaS solutions', 'Sage Intacct users', 'customer experience excellence', 'Global Head', 'Sage Intacct customers', 'AI-powered automation', 'Recommended Solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'data entry', 'finance leaders', 'employee experience', 'customer satisfaction', 'customer base', 'intelligent insights', 'North American', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'pay processes', 'organizational agility', 'Chip Mahan', 'rich history', 'artificial intelligence', 'unified portal', 'holistic view', 'sales orders', 'purchase orders', 'single system', 'strategic partnerships', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'mid-sized companies', 'strategic work', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'AP teams', 'advanced AP', 'predictive analytics', 'payroll technology', 'mid-sized businesses', 'Quadient AR', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient AP', 'seamless integration', 'digital world', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'accounts', 'receivable', 'payable', 'accounting', 'millions', 'small', 'cash', 'organizations', 'today', 'planning', 'increased', 'profitability', 'enhanced', 'objective', 'Fintech', 'Payments', 'Banking', 'relationship', 'company', 'innovation', 'scale', 'finances', 'integrated', 'management', 'invoices', 'expenses', '83% reduction', 'approval', 'CEO', 'benefits', 'digitization', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information', 'Media', 'Communications', 'Ext.', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823954/0/en/Mithra-updates-on-cash-position.html,Mithra updates on cash position,Mithra updates on cash position   Mithra's current cash of EUR 6.5 million is expected to cover its current cash runway through early......,"Mithra updates on cash positionMithra's current cash of EUR 6.5 million is expected to cover its current cash runway through early MarchMithra is actively engaging with stakeholdersMithra will present its results for the full year 2023 on 8 March 2024Liege  Belgium  6 February 2024 – 07:00 CET - Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to women’s health  today provides an update on its current cash position and its plans to address its runway and creating and optimizing value for all its stakeholders.Update on cash runwayMithra's management team has been exploring over recent months various strategic options. This includes appointing debt advisors and various investment banks with a view to selling certain assets and raising additional equity capital.As of today  Mithra has sufficient cash through early March.As a result  Mithra has entered discussions with its secured lenders to extend its cash runway. Mithra will also be approaching existing and new investors and take other cash preservation measures.Certain of Mithra's secured lenders have written to the Company indicating that they stand ready to engage with the Company.Mithra will present its results for the full year 2023 on 8 March 2024.Remediation planTo address its working capital needs  Mithra continues to work in close collaboration with its advisors and secured lenders to activate a remediation plan with a view to creating and optimizing value for all its stakeholders and extending the Company's cash runway. Among other things  the Company is working to implement the following measures:Seeking to sell or out-license various assetsActively evaluating  together with its advisors  the best strategic alternatives for two of its non-core businesses: Novalon (the Company’s complex therapeutics business); and its state-of-the-art CDMO facilityMithra's management expects to enter a DONESTA ® license and supply agreement(s) for the United States in 2024  which should generate upfront payments  supply revenues and royaltieslicense and supply agreement(s) for the United States in 2024  which should generate upfront payments  supply revenues and royalties Exploring the sale of its rights to receive future milestone and royalty payments under its existing license and collaboration agreementsAccelerating cost-saving initiatives  including putting some ongoing R&D on hold; actively renegotiating contracts with various active pharmaceutical ingredient suppliers; and  stopping all discretionary capital expendituresDONESTA ® and ESTELLE ® clinical safety studies and regulatory support for MYRING ® will continueand ESTELLE clinical safety studies and regulatory support for MYRING will continue Mithra has delayed or put on hold R&D projects related to the use of estetrol for neurotherapy and the wound-healingThe Company is pursuing strategic collaborations to fund its research and development for new innovative therapeutics programs in the women’s health spaceTo support the above-mentioned measures  the Company also is exploring an equity raise with existing and/or new investorsFor more information  please contact:Mithra Pharmaceuticals SAAlex Sokolowski  PhDHead of IR & Communicationsinvestorrelations@mithra.com +32 (0)4 349 28 22Frédérique DepraetereCommunications Directorinfo@mithra.com+32 (0)4 349 28 22About MithraMithra Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming women’s health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra’s goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women’s needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill ESTELLE®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product DONESTA®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE®  MYRING®  DONESTA® and NEXTSTELLIS® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.4,0.21,True,English,"['Mithra updates', 'cash position', 'Frédérique Depraetere Communications Director', 'various active pharmaceutical ingredient suppliers', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'new innovative therapeutics programs', 'other cash preservation measures', 'ESTELLE clinical safety studies', 'ongoing R&D', 'R&D projects', 'complex therapeutics business', 'various investment banks', 'discretionary capital expenditures', 'next-generation hormone therapy', 'complex liquid injectables', 'various strategic options', 'best strategic alternatives', 'additional equity capital', 'first estetrol-based product', 'contraceptive pill ESTELLE', 'working capital needs', 'complex polymeric products', 'current cash position', 'early drug development', 'Belgian biopharmaceutical company', 'current cash runway', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Communications investorrelations', 'other things', 'clinical batches', 'various assets', 'strategic collaborations', 'new investors', 'equity raise', 'new choices', 'second product', 'sufficient cash', 'following measures', 'full year', 'recent months', 'Remediation plan', 'close collaboration', 'non-core businesses', 'CDMO facility', 'supply agreement', 'United States', 'upfront payments', 'future milestone', 'royalty payments', 'collaboration agreements', 'cost-saving initiatives', 'regulatory support', 'Alex Sokolowski', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'complete spectrum', 'commercial manufacturing', 'vaginal ring', 'technological platform', 'Liège', 'forward-looking terminology', 'early March', 'Euronext Brussels', 'management team', 'supply revenues', 'Important information', 'looking statements', 'debt advisors', 'The Company', 'Mithra updates', 'Mithra CDMO', 'health space', 'existing license', 'DONESTA ® license', 'ESTELLE®', '8 March', 'DONESTA®', 'stakeholders', 'results', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '6 February', '07:00 CET', 'MITRA', 'women', 'plans', 'value', 'view', 'today', 'discussions', 'lenders', 'Novalon', 'royalties', 'sale', 'rights', 'contracts', 'MYRING ®', 'use', 'neurotherapy', 'wound-healing', 'research', 'mentioned', 'PhD', 'Head', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'goal', 'efficacy', 'convenience', 'potential', 'applications', 'partners', 'solutions', 'implants', 'biologicals', 'vials', 'syringes', 'cartridges', '100 countries', 'world', 'MYRING®', 'NEXTSTELLIS®', 'trademarks', 'affiliates', 'contents', 'announcement', 'words', 'target', '32']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823956/0/en/Mithra-updates-on-cash-position.html,Mithra updates on cash position,Mithra updates on cash position   Mithra's current cash of EUR 6.5 million is expected to cover its current cash runway through early......,"Mithra updates on cash positionMithra's current cash of EUR 6.5 million is expected to cover its current cash runway through early MarchMithra is actively engaging with stakeholdersMithra will present its results for the full year 2023 on 8 March 2024Liege  Belgium  6 February 2024 – 07:00 CET - Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to women’s health  today provides an update on its current cash position and its plans to address its runway and creating and optimizing value for all its stakeholders.Update on cash runwayMithra's management team has been exploring over recent months various strategic options. This includes appointing debt advisors and various investment banks with a view to selling certain assets and raising additional equity capital.As of today  Mithra has sufficient cash through early March.As a result  Mithra has entered discussions with its secured lenders to extend its cash runway. Mithra will also be approaching existing and new investors and take other cash preservation measures.Certain of Mithra's secured lenders have written to the Company indicating that they stand ready to engage with the Company.Mithra will present its results for the full year 2023 on 8 March 2024.Remediation planTo address its working capital needs  Mithra continues to work in close collaboration with its advisors and secured lenders to activate a remediation plan with a view to creating and optimizing value for all its stakeholders and extending the Company's cash runway. Among other things  the Company is working to implement the following measures:Seeking to sell or out-license various assetsActively evaluating  together with its advisors  the best strategic alternatives for two of its non-core businesses: Novalon (the Company’s complex therapeutics business); and its state-of-the-art CDMO facilityMithra's management expects to enter a DONESTA ® license and supply agreement(s) for the United States in 2024  which should generate upfront payments  supply revenues and royaltieslicense and supply agreement(s) for the United States in 2024  which should generate upfront payments  supply revenues and royalties Exploring the sale of its rights to receive future milestone and royalty payments under its existing license and collaboration agreementsAccelerating cost-saving initiatives  including putting some ongoing R&D on hold; actively renegotiating contracts with various active pharmaceutical ingredient suppliers; and  stopping all discretionary capital expendituresDONESTA ® and ESTELLE ® clinical safety studies and regulatory support for MYRING ® will continueand ESTELLE clinical safety studies and regulatory support for MYRING will continue Mithra has delayed or put on hold R&D projects related to the use of estetrol for neurotherapy and the wound-healingThe Company is pursuing strategic collaborations to fund its research and development for new innovative therapeutics programs in the women’s health spaceTo support the above-mentioned measures  the Company also is exploring an equity raise with existing and/or new investorsFor more information  please contact:Mithra Pharmaceuticals SAAlex Sokolowski  PhDHead of IR & Communicationsinvestorrelations@mithra.com +32 (0)4 349 28 22Frédérique DepraetereCommunications Directorinfo@mithra.com+32 (0)4 349 28 22About MithraMithra Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming women’s health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra’s goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women’s needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill ESTELLE®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product DONESTA®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE®  MYRING®  DONESTA® and NEXTSTELLIS® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Subscribe to our mailing list on investors.mithra.com to receivepress releases by email or follow us on social media:LinkedIn • X • FacebookAttachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.4,0.21,True,English,"['Mithra updates', 'cash position', 'Frédérique Depraetere Communications Director', 'various active pharmaceutical ingredient suppliers', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'new innovative therapeutics programs', 'other cash preservation measures', 'ESTELLE clinical safety studies', 'ongoing R&D', 'R&D projects', 'complex therapeutics business', 'various investment banks', 'discretionary capital expenditures', 'next-generation hormone therapy', 'complex liquid injectables', 'various strategic options', 'best strategic alternatives', 'additional equity capital', 'first estetrol-based product', 'contraceptive pill ESTELLE', 'working capital needs', 'complex polymeric products', 'current cash position', 'early drug development', 'Belgian biopharmaceutical company', 'current cash runway', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Communications investorrelations', 'other things', 'clinical batches', 'various assets', 'strategic collaborations', 'new investors', 'equity raise', 'new choices', 'second product', 'sufficient cash', 'following measures', 'full year', 'recent months', 'Remediation plan', 'close collaboration', 'non-core businesses', 'CDMO facility', 'supply agreement', 'United States', 'upfront payments', 'future milestone', 'royalty payments', 'collaboration agreements', 'cost-saving initiatives', 'regulatory support', 'Alex Sokolowski', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'complete spectrum', 'commercial manufacturing', 'vaginal ring', 'technological platform', 'Liège', 'forward-looking terminology', 'early March', 'Euronext Brussels', 'management team', 'supply revenues', 'Important information', 'looking statements', 'debt advisors', 'The Company', 'Mithra updates', 'Mithra CDMO', 'health space', 'existing license', 'DONESTA ® license', 'ESTELLE®', '8 March', 'DONESTA®', 'stakeholders', 'results', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '6 February', '07:00 CET', 'MITRA', 'women', 'plans', 'value', 'view', 'today', 'discussions', 'lenders', 'Novalon', 'royalties', 'sale', 'rights', 'contracts', 'MYRING ®', 'use', 'neurotherapy', 'wound-healing', 'research', 'mentioned', 'PhD', 'Head', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'goal', 'efficacy', 'convenience', 'potential', 'applications', 'partners', 'solutions', 'implants', 'biologicals', 'vials', 'syringes', 'cartridges', '100 countries', 'world', 'MYRING®', 'NEXTSTELLIS®', 'trademarks', 'affiliates', 'contents', 'announcement', 'words', 'target', '32']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2824583/0/en/Crossject-provides-strategic-update-on-priorities-for-2024.html,Crossject provides strategic update on priorities for 2024,Focusing on regulatory filings and accelerating U.S. commercialization efforts  Contract of up to $155 million with BARDA for U.S. stockpiling continues...,Focusing on regulatory filings and accelerating U.S. commercialization effortsContract of up to $155 million with BARDA for U.S. stockpiling continues to advanceDijon  France February 6  2024 –530 pm CET Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company developing needle-free auto-injectors for emergency situations  provides a summary of recent milestones reached and an update on its strategic priorities for 2024.In January 2024  Crossject engaged Syneos Health  a leading fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization  to prepare for the commercial launch of its ZENEO-midazolam autoinjector  proposed name ZEPIZURE®  an innovative rescue therapy for epileptic seizures  including those caused by nerve agent exposure  in the United States. Syneos Health has a strong U.S. presence and significant expertise in commercializing new therapies for Crossject  as it approaches filing for regulatory approval.Crossject is also advancing its licensing and commercialization efforts for ZEPIZURE® in other strategic markets and signed in 2023 a licensing agreement with AFT Pharmaceuticals for Australia and New Zealand and a new commercialization agreement for northern Europe.In 2024  Crossject will especially focus on regulatory approvals for ZEPIZURE® and accelerating market access efforts in the United States. Crossject has a senior team in the U.S. and is working in close collaboration with Syneos Health to ensure a smooth and rapid launch of ZEPIZURE® upon receiving regulatory approval.The Company previously signed a $92 million contract with the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA)  part of the Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response (ASPR) in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)  under contract number 75A50122C00031. The contract includes $32 million to advance the development of ZEPIZURE®  through U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for status epilepticus. The agreement also includes procurement of $60 million of ZEPIZURE®  which will be delivered to the U.S. government (USG)  once it is authorized for emergency use by the FDA. Delivery of ZEPIZURE will fulfill a USG requirement for an improved anticonvulsant to treat status epilepticus seizures caused by nerve agent exposure. According to the contract terms  BARDA also has options for post-marketing commitment activities and procurement of additional ZEPIZURE® units for up to $63 million. The total contract value  if all options are exercised  is $155 million. The Company is actively engaged with BARDA and the FDA  and discussions are fully focused on ensuring fulfillment of requirements to file for Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) of ZEPIZURE®.Crossject cashed in early 2023 €8 million  in addition to €4 million at the end of 2022  from a combined non-dilutive financial transaction of €14 million to accelerate the company's development. The transaction includes various loans granted by its long-standing banks (Caisse d'Epargne and BNP)  Société Générale and BPI  with amortization periods ranging from 5 to 10 years.The company also secured a total sum of around EUR 5 million over several years through the leaseback of several of its buildings.According to the BARDA agreement terms  Crossject was reimbursed $3.2 million for the advanced US regulatory development expenses in the first half of 2023  an increase from $1.8 million in 2022. The company has continued its monthly regulatory development billing for this matter.Henri de Parseval is leaving his position as Chief Operating Officer of Engineering & Industry at Crossject  with a strong organization in place to support the company’s drive for approvals and commercialization of ZEPIZURE®. Didier Morin  who joined Crossject in mid-2023 as Industrial Director  assumes those responsibilities.“Crossject is starting 2024 with strong momentum as our discussions with FDA related to the requirements necessary for Emergency Use Authorization of ZEPIZURE® continue moving forward on a good track. In parallel  we are preparing for regulatory filings of ZEPIZURE®  our unique treatment which can be administered by anyone in seconds  to save lives in emergencies. We are working closely with our strategic partners market access activities in the US ” said Patrick Alexandre  CEO of Crossject.“I would like to thank Henri de Parseval for his contributions to Crossject  providing a strong foundation for our future work  and I wish him all the best for the future.”About CrossjectCrossject SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com) is an emerging specialty pharma company. It is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it was awarded a $92 million contract with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) for the FDA Approval and procurement of ZEPIZURE® for the US government.ZEPIZURE® is based on the Company’s award-winning needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®  designed to enable patients and untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver emergency medication via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include rescue therapies for allergic shocks  adrenal insufficiencies  opioid overdose and asthma attacks.For further information  please contact:InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.com MediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comAttachment,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['strategic update', 'Crossject', 'priorities', '2024', 'leading fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization', 'Société Générale', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'advanced US regulatory development expenses', 'monthly regulatory development billing', 'strong U.S. presence', 'emerging specialty pharma company', 'U.S. commercialization efforts', 'U.S. stockpiling', 'U.S. Department', 'U.S. Food', 'advanced regulatory development', 'U.S. government', 'innovative rescue therapy', 'nerve agent exposure', 'market access efforts', 'post-marketing commitment activities', 'Henri de Parseval', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'market access activities', 'epileptic rescue therapy', 'other strategic markets', 'non-dilutive financial transaction', 'needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®', 'Emergency Use Authorization', 'status epilepticus seizures', 'total contract value', 'additional ZEPIZURE® units', 'new commercialization agreement', 'strong organization', 'BARDA agreement terms', 'US government', 'epileptic seizures', 'regulatory filings', 'Development Authority', 'needle-free auto-injectors', 'ZENEO-midazolam autoinjector', 'regulatory approval', 'total sum', 'strong momentum', 'strong foundation', 'new therapies', 'New Zealand', 'strategic priorities', 'Strategic Preparedness', 'strategic partners', 'contract terms', 'emergency situations', 'recent milestones', 'commercial launch', 'United States', 'significant expertise', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals', 'northern Europe', 'senior team', 'close collaboration', 'rapid launch', 'Human Services', 'various loans', 'long-standing banks', 'amortization periods', '5 to 10 years', 'several years', 'first half', 'Didier Morin', 'Industrial Director', 'good track', 'unique treatment', 'Patrick Alexandre', 'untrained caregivers', 'Syneos Health', 'licensing agreement', '$92 million contract', 'The Company', 'Drug Administration', 'USG requirement', 'future work', 'CET Crossject', 'Crossject SA', 'FDA Approval', 'approvals', 'Dijon', 'France', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'summary', 'update', 'January', 'name', 'Australia', 'smooth', 'Response', 'ASPR', 'HHS', 'procurement', 'Delivery', 'anticonvulsant', 'options', 'discussions', 'fulfillment', 'requirements', 'EUA', 'early 2023', 'end', 'Caisse', 'BNP', 'BPI', 'leaseback', 'buildings', 'increase', 'matter', 'position', 'Engineering', 'Industry', 'place', 'drive', 'mid-20', 'responsibilities', 'parallel', 'seconds', 'lives', 'emergencies', 'CEO', 'contributions', 'award', 'patients', '530', '2024']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HOPSCOTCH-GROUPE-5080/news/HOPSCOTCH-GROUPE-Consolidated-Turnover-for-4th-Quarter-2023-45895021/,HOPSCOTCH GROUPE : Consolidated Turnover for 4th Quarter 2023 -February 06  2024 at 11:45 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris  February 6  2024  5.30PMQuarterly Results Section HOPSCOTCH GROUPEConsolidated Turnover for 4th Quarter 2023A New Year of High Growth HOPSCOTCH   a communications consulting group and a major player in Digital Marketi…,Press ReleaseParis  February 6  2024  5.30PMQuarterly Results SectionHOPSCOTCH GROUPEConsolidated Turnover for 4th Quarter 2023A New Year of High GrowthHOPSCOTCH (Euronext Growth FR0000065278)  a communications consulting group and a major player in Digital Marketing & Communications  Public Relations  and Events  announces its consolidated turnover and gross margin to December 31  2023.M€ (*) Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4(*)TOTAL Consolidated Turnover 2023Consolidated Gross Margin 2023 51 018 3 72 023 7 57 321 4 91 629 6 271 993 0 Consolidated Turnover 2022Consolidated Gross Margin 2022 45 316 7 63 521 5 52 619 9 85 528 3 246 986 4 Turnover VariationGross Margin Variation +12 5%+9 3% +13 4%+10 2% +8 9%+7 5% +7 1%+4 6% +10 1%+7 6%(*) Unaudited dataHopscotch’s consolidated turnover amounted to 271.9 million euros  and the consolidated gross margin reached 93.0 million euros for fiscal 2023  once again beating remarkable values  following the excellent performance of the previous year. Fiscal 2023 benefited from the continuous growth of the events business  mirroring last year’s successes. The group's core businesses continue their steady organic growth. Hopscotch consolidates a full year's worth of companies specializing in sports in its gross margin  compared to only half a year in 2022  with a favorable impact on gross margin of around 2 million euros.With the finalized acquisition of Interface Tourism on January 31 last year  sales would have approached 300 million euros  and gross profit would have exceeded the symbolic threshold of 100 million euros. With an operating margin surpassing gross profit of 15%  Interface Tourism will be accretive in the consolidated financial statements in 2024. Numerous commercial  business  and geographic synergies will develop from the merger with Interface Tourism. Hopscotch will gain a foothold in Spain and the Netherlands and strengthen its position in Italy. 40 offices across the global now compose its network.The acquisition  as recently published  is paid for half in cash  and half in newly-issued shares: the EGM of January 31  2024 voted to create 236 279 new shares  bringing the total number of shares to 3 003 722 and the share capital to €2 252 791.50.HOPSCOTCH will publish its consolidated annual results for 2023 on Tuesday April 2  2024  before stock-markets open._______Shareholder ContactPierre-Franck MOLEY - General Director - Tel. 01 41 34 20 56 - pfmoley@hopscotchgroupe.comPress ContactJodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE - Assistant to the Management Board - Tel. 01 41 34 20 51 - jodiekc@hopscotchgroupe.com________About HOPSCOTCHHOPSCOTCH is an international communications group founded in France  directed by its founders and its managers  all guided by a business vision carried forward by the complementarity of expertise. HOPSCOTCH’s founding belief? “Global PR”  created around a unique mix of digital  event management  influence  public relations  and marketing services  for both Art de Vivre and corporate challenges.HOPSCOTCH brings together in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Marseille) and internationally (4 continental hubs in Asia  America  Europe  & Middle East) more than 800 expert collaborators in all communication skills: influence  events  activation  digitalization  internal communications  public affairs  marketing services…Convinced that the value of an enterprise or organization resides in the care given to its capital of human relations  HOPSCOTCH structures its expertise around its own brand “Hopscotch” (Events / PR / Travel / Décideurs / Congrès / Luxe / Sport)  and specialized agencies: AD crew  Alizeum  heaven  Hopscotch Interface Tourism  Human to Human  Le Public Système Cinéma  Le Public Système PR  Sagarmatha  Sopexa  Sport&Co and Uniteam.HOPSCOTCH now has an integrated international network of 40 offices in 5 continents and operations in over 60 countries.Listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: ALHOP FR 00000 6527 8)  the group represents a turnover of 246.9 million and a gross margin of €86.1 million in 2022.Follow us: www.hopscotchgroupe.com et sur LinkedIn / X / Instagram @HOPSCOTCHgroupeAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.56,0.17,0.27,True,English,"['HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', 'Consolidated Turnover', '4th Quarter', 'February', '11', '45', 'Le Public Système Cinéma', 'Le Public Système PR', 'Jodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE', 'Art de Vivre', 'Quarterly Results Section', 'steady organic growth', 'integrated international network', 'A New Year', 'half a year', 'Gross Margin Variation', 'communications consulting group', 'international communications group', 'Consolidated Gross Margin', 'TOTAL Consolidated Turnover', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Hopscotch Interface Tourism', 'Public Relations', 'public affairs', '86,4 Turnover Variation', 'total number', 'annual results', 'operating margin', 'High Growth', 'previous year', 'continuous growth', 'last year', 'full year', 'gross profit', '0 Consolidated Turnover', 'internal communications', 'Global PR', 'Press Release', '4th Quarter', 'major player', 'Digital Marketing', 'Q1 Q2', 'Unaudited data', 'remarkable values', 'excellent performance', 'core businesses', 'favorable impact', 'symbolic threshold', 'financial statements', 'geographic synergies', 'Tuesday April', 'Shareholder Contact', 'Pierre-Franck MOLEY', 'General Director', 'Press Contact', 'Management Board', 'business vision', 'founding belief', 'unique mix', 'event management', 'marketing services', 'corporate challenges', 'continental hubs', 'Middle East', '800 expert collaborators', 'communication skills', 'Décideurs', 'Congrès', 'specialized agencies', 'AD crew', 'ISIN code', 'ALHOP FR', '236,279 new shares', '271.9 million euros', '2 million euros', '300 million euros', '100 million euros', 'finalized acquisition', 'share capital', 'human relations', 'Sport&Co', 'events business', 'HOPSCOTCHgroupe Attachment', 'HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', '93.0 million', 'February', '5.30PM', 'December', 'fiscal', 'successes', 'worth', 'companies', 'sports', 'January', 'sales', 'merger', 'foothold', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'position', 'Italy', '40 offices', 'cash', 'EGM', 'stock-markets', 'Tel.', 'pfmoley', 'Assistant', 'jodiekc', 'France', 'founders', 'managers', 'complementarity', 'expertise', 'influence', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Marseille', 'Asia', 'America', 'Europe', 'activation', 'digitalization', 'enterprise', 'organization', 'care', 'brand', 'Travel', 'Luxe', 'Alizeum', 'heaven', 'Sagarmatha', 'Sopexa', 'Uniteam', '5 continents', 'operations', '60 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', '€']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823963/0/en/Nicox-announces-presentations-at-the-upcoming-Association-for-Research-in-Vision-and-Ophthalmology-ARVO-Annual-Meeting-2024.html,Nicox announces presentations at the upcoming Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting 2024,Press Release Nicox announces presentations at the upcoming Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting 2024February 6 ...,Press ReleaseNicox announces presentations at the upcoming Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting 2024February 6  2024 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced presentations on NCX 470 and NCX 1728 at the upcoming Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting 2024  a key ophthalmology conference which will be held from May 5 to May 9  2024 in Seattle  WA  United States.Abstract/Presentation Title: Tolerability and intraocular pressure (IOP)-lowering efficacy following 5-day repeated dosing with NCX 470 0.1% ophthalmic solution  Lumigan® and Rhopressa®: a comparative head-to-head study in rabbits and dogsType: Poster SessionSession Title: Tools and advancements in glaucoma diagnosis  monitoring  medications  and lasersDate: May 6  2024 from 8:30 am to 10:15 am (U.S. local time)Presenter: Francesco Impagnatiello  PhD  Nicox Research InstituteNCX 470  a novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop  is currently in Phase 3 clinical development for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Results of Mont Blanc  the first of the two Phase 3 clinical trials  have been announced in October 2022. The second Phase 3 clinical trial  Denali  is currently ongoing  and the results are expected in 2025  based on current recruitment rates.Abstract/Presentation Title: NCX 1728  a novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating avanafil: Formulation development and in vivo testing in a rabbit model of ischemia/reperfusion injury of the optic nerve head and retinaType: Poster SessionSession Title: Neuroprotection  blood flow  ischemia-reperfusion and aqueous humor dynamicsDate: May 5  2024 from 3:15 pm to 5:00 pm (U.S. local time)Presenter: Corinna Galli  PhD  Nicox Research InstituteNCX 1728 is an NO-donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE5) inhibitor  the lead compound in a new class of NO-donating molecules based entirely on NO-mediated activity. NCX 1728 is currently under preclinical evaluation for development in retinal conditions.Nicox Corporate Status UpdateThe Company estimates it is financed until June 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470. The Company is pursuing licensing and other business development discussions  exploring multiple strategic options and is also discussing with its creditors to restructure its debt.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Harrow  Inc. in the U.S.  and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox  headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (Ticker symbol: ALCOX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index.For more information www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.The views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.ContactsNicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in section 2.7 of the “Rapport Annuel 2022” and in section 4 of the “Rapport semestriel financier et d’activité 2023” which are available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com).,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['ARVO) Annual Meeting', 'upcoming Association', 'Nicox', 'presentations', 'Research', 'Vision', 'Ophthalmology', 'novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating avanafil', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'Gavin Spencer Executive Vice President', 'Co Yi Chen New York', 'donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE5) inhibitor', 'Co Eric Yoo Paris', 'Poster Session Session Title', 'aqueous humor dynamics Date', 'two Phase 3 clinical trials', 'second Phase 3 clinical trial', 'U.S. local time', 'other business development discussions', 'Nicox Corporate Status Update', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Phase 3 clinical development', 'ARVO) Annual Meeting', '5-day repeated dosing', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'Chief Business Officer', 'current recruitment rates', 'multiple strategic options', 'Rapport semestriel financier', 'key ophthalmology conference', 'IOP)-lowering efficacy', 'optic nerve head', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Nicox S.A.', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'NCX 470 0.1% ophthalmic solution', 'Nicox Research Institute', 'new class', 'NO-donating molecules', 'Corporate Development', 'Abstract/Presentation Title', 'lasers Date', 'The Company', 'multiple geographies', 'current expectations', 'Rapport Annuel', 'Formulation development', 'upcoming Association', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'United States', 'intraocular pressure', 'head study', 'dogs Type', 'Francesco Impagnatiello', 'ocular hypertension', 'Mont Blanc', 'vivo testing', 'rabbit model', 'ischemia/reperfusion injury', 'retina Type', 'blood flow', 'Corinna Galli', 'lead compound', 'mediated activity', 'preclinical evaluation', 'retinal conditions', 'innovative solutions', 'ocular health', 'lead program', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'Ticker symbol', 'prior notice', 'future performance', 'material effect', 'glaucoma diagnosis', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'Nicox SA', 'Press Release', 'Analyst coverage', 'analyst reports', 'Risks factors', 'actual results', 'presentations', 'Vision', 'February', 'CET', 'ALCOX', 'May', 'Seattle', 'Tolerability', 'Lumigan®', 'Rhopressa', 'comparative', 'rabbits', 'Tools', 'advancements', 'monitoring', 'medications', '10:15 am', 'Presenter', 'PhD', 'patients', 'October', 'Denali', 'Neuroprotection', 'ischemia-reperfusion', 'June', 'licensing', 'creditors', 'debt', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'ZERVIATE®', 'Harrow', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'part', 'information', 'Bryan', 'Garnier', 'views', 'analysts', 'author', 'obligation', 'Contacts', 'communications', 'document', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'affiliates', 'directors', 'officers', 'employees', 'advisers', 'agents', 'updates', 'section', 'activité', 'website', '7:30', '8:30', '3:15', '5:00']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLYMPIQUE-LYONNAIS-GROUPE-42519/news/Olympique-Lyonnais-Groupe-Olympique-Lyonnais-extends-partnership-with-adidas-until-2029-club-45895506/,Olympique Lyonnais Groupe : Olympique Lyonnais extends partnership with adidas until 2029  club equipment supplier since 2010 -February 06  2024 at 01:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Olympique Lyonnais extends partnership with adidas until 2029  club equipment supplier since 2010Décines  February 6  2024Olympique Lyonnais is pleased to announce the signing of a firm and binding memorandum of understanding with ad…,"Olympique Lyonnais extends partnership with adidas until 2029  club equipment supplier since 2010Décines  February 6  2024Olympique Lyonnais is pleased to announce the signing of a firm and binding memorandum of understanding with adidas  its exclusive equipment supplier since 2010. The brand will support the men's and women's teams of Olympique Lyonnais for 4 additional seasons  i.e. the period 2025-2029.This unique collaboration in the history of football demonstrates adidas' unfailing commitment  which has been able to build a historic  long-term partnership with the club. The conclusion of this extension agreement reaffirms the trust established between the club teams and adidas for nearly 15 years and will contribute to the development of men's and women's sports projects and the pursuit of the growth objectives set by their respective managements.This partnership goes well beyond for adidas  with the ongoing support of the young generation at OL Academy  the club's training center in order to continue to intensely encourage young people and amateur football.By strengthening ties with its historic equipment supplier  Olympique Lyonnais intends to pursue the positive dynamic which lays the foundations of its new cycle: two ambitious sporting projects for both women's and men's teams  benefiting from improved financial and equipment allocations as well as marketing promotions.The prolongation of this collaboration with an equipment manufacturer holding a global reputation  strengthens the club's notoriety  on French territory and internationally  and confirms the status of Olympique Lyonnais as a major club on the men's and women's football circuits.Tél : +33 (0)4 81 07 55 00Fax : +33 (0)4 81 07 45 65Email : investisseurs@ol.frwww.ol.frEuronext Paris - Segment CIndices : CAC All-Share – CAC Consumer DiscretionaryISIN code : FR0010428771Reuters : OLG.PABloomberg : OLG FPICB : 40501030 Recreational servicesABOUT ADIDASadidas is a global leader in the sporting goods industry. Headquartered in Herzogenaurach/Germany  the company employs more than 59 000 people across the globe and generated sales of € 22.5 billion in 2022.Presse contact adidas FranceLéa Terrier and Muriel Farradèchelea.terrier@adidas.com / murielle.farradeche@adidas.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m5xuZcVmlJmVxp1xl5xql2hlb22Um5acm5SVmGRpapabm52UlJqTaJWbZnFllmZn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84111-olg-060224-adidas-eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['club equipment supplier', 'Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'partnership', 'adidas', 'February', '01:05', 'Muriel Farradèche lea', 'two ambitious sporting projects', 'sporting goods industry', 'original press release', 'exclusive equipment supplier', 'historic equipment supplier', 'next press releases', 'CAC Consumer Discretionary', 'historic, long-term partnership', 'Léa Terrier', ""adidas' unfailing commitment"", 'club equipment supplier', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'sports projects', 'equipment allocations', 'equipment manufacturer', 'Tél', 'other releases', 'Olympique Lyonnais', 'Décines', 'binding memorandum', '4 additional seasons', 'football demonstrates', 'extension agreement', 'growth objectives', 'respective managements', 'ongoing support', 'young generation', 'training center', 'amateur football', 'positive dynamic', 'new cycle', 'marketing promotions', 'global reputation', 'French territory', 'football circuits', 'Euronext Paris', 'Segment C', 'ISIN code', 'OLG.PA', 'OLG FP', 'Recreational services', 'global leader', 'Presse contact', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'major club', 'unique collaboration', 'young people', 'OL Academy', 'adidas France', 'club teams', '59,000 people', 'February', 'signing', 'firm', 'understanding', 'brand', 'women', 'period', 'history', 'conclusion', 'trust', '15 years', 'development', 'pursuit', 'order', 'ties', 'foundations', 'improved', 'financial', 'prolongation', 'notoriety', 'status', 'Fax', 'Email', 'investisseurs', 'Indices', 'Share', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'ICB', 'Herzogenaurach', 'Germany', 'company', 'globe', 'sales', 'farradeche', 'publication', 'm5xuZcVmlJmVxp1xl5xql2hlb22Um5acm5SVmGRpapabm52UlJqTaJWbZnFllmZn', 'Full', 'PDF', '4 81', '2024']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NICOX-SA-25281955/news/Nicox-announces-presentations-at-the-upcoming-Association-for-Research-in-Vision-and-Ophthalmology--45889173/,Nicox announces presentations at the upcoming Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting 2024,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Nicox announces presentations at the upcoming Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology Annual Meeting 2024February 6  2024 – release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA   an international ophthalmolog…,Press ReleaseNicox announces presentations at the upcoming Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting 2024February 6  2024 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced presentations on NCX 470 and NCX 1728 at the upcoming Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting 2024  a key ophthalmology conference which will be held from May 5 to May 9  2024 in Seattle  WA  United States.Abstract/Presentation Title: Tolerability and intraocular pressure (IOP)-lowering efficacy following 5-day repeated dosing with NCX 470 0.1% ophthalmic solution  Lumigan® and Rhopressa®: a comparative head-to-head study in rabbits and dogsType: Poster SessionSession Title: Tools and advancements in glaucoma diagnosis  monitoring  medications  and lasersDate: May 6  2024 from 8:30 am to 10:15 am (U.S. local time)Presenter: Francesco Impagnatiello  PhD  Nicox Research InstituteNCX 470  a novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop  is currently in Phase 3 clinical development for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Results of Mont Blanc  the first of the two Phase 3 clinical trials  have been announced in October 2022. The second Phase 3 clinical trial  Denali  is currently ongoing  and the results are expected in 2025  based on current recruitment rates.Abstract/Presentation Title: NCX 1728  a novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating avanafil: Formulation development and in vivo testing in a rabbit model of ischemia/reperfusion injury of the optic nerve head and retinaType: Poster SessionSession Title: Neuroprotection  blood flow  ischemia-reperfusion and aqueous humor dynamicsDate: May 5  2024 from 3:15 pm to 5:00 pm (U.S. local time)Presenter: Corinna Galli  PhD  Nicox Research InstituteNCX 1728 is an NO-donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE5) inhibitor  the lead compound in a new class of NO-donating molecules based entirely on NO-mediated activity. NCX 1728 is currently under preclinical evaluation for development in retinal conditions.Nicox Corporate Status UpdateThe Company estimates it is financed until June 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470. The Company is pursuing licensing and other business development discussions  exploring multiple strategic options and is also discussing with its creditors to restructure its debt.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Harrow  Inc. in the U.S.  and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox  headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (Ticker symbol: ALCOX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index.For more information www.nicox.com .Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.The views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.ContactsNicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in section 2.7 of the “Rapport Annuel 2022” and in section 4 of the “Rapport semestriel financier et d’activité 2023” which are available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com).,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['ARVO) Annual Meeting', 'upcoming Association', 'Nicox', 'presentations', 'Research', 'Vision', 'Ophthalmology', 'novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating avanafil', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'Gavin Spencer Executive Vice President', 'Co Yi Chen New York', 'donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE5) inhibitor', 'Co Eric Yoo Paris', 'Poster Session Session Title', 'aqueous humor dynamics Date', 'two Phase 3 clinical trials', 'second Phase 3 clinical trial', 'U.S. local time', 'other business development discussions', 'Nicox Corporate Status Update', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Phase 3 clinical development', 'ARVO) Annual Meeting', '5-day repeated dosing', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'Chief Business Officer', 'current recruitment rates', 'multiple strategic options', 'Rapport semestriel financier', 'key ophthalmology conference', 'IOP)-lowering efficacy', 'optic nerve head', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Nicox S.A.', 'Analyst coverage Bryan', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'NCX 470 0.1% ophthalmic solution', 'Nicox Research Institute', 'new class', 'NO-donating molecules', 'Corporate Development', 'Abstract/Presentation Title', 'lasers Date', 'The Company', 'multiple geographies', 'current expectations', 'Rapport Annuel', 'Formulation development', 'upcoming Association', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'United States', 'intraocular pressure', 'head study', 'dogs Type', 'Francesco Impagnatiello', 'ocular hypertension', 'Mont Blanc', 'vivo testing', 'rabbit model', 'ischemia/reperfusion injury', 'retina Type', 'blood flow', 'Corinna Galli', 'lead compound', 'mediated activity', 'preclinical evaluation', 'retinal conditions', 'innovative solutions', 'ocular health', 'lead program', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'Ticker symbol', 'analyst reports', 'prior notice', 'future performance', 'material effect', 'glaucoma diagnosis', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'Nicox SA', 'Press Release', 'Risks factors', 'actual results', 'presentations', 'Vision', 'February', 'CET', 'ALCOX', 'May', 'Seattle', 'Tolerability', 'Lumigan®', 'Rhopressa', 'comparative', 'rabbits', 'Tools', 'advancements', 'monitoring', 'medications', '10:15 am', 'Presenter', 'PhD', 'patients', 'October', 'Denali', 'Neuroprotection', 'ischemia-reperfusion', 'June', 'licensing', 'creditors', 'debt', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'ZERVIATE®', 'Harrow', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'part', 'information', 'Garnier', 'views', 'analysts', 'author', 'obligation', 'Contacts', 'communications', 'document', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'affiliates', 'directors', 'officers', 'employees', 'advisers', 'agents', 'updates', 'section', 'activité', 'website', '7:30', '8:30', '3:15', '5:00']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-DISCLOSURE-OF-TRANSACTIONS-IN-OWN-SHARES-45895207/,Don't Nod Entertainment : DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS IN OWN SHARES -February 06  2024 at 12:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  February 6  2024 - DON'TNOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games declares the following purchases of its own shares in accordance with Article 5 of Market Abuse Regulation.Issuer Na…,"Paris  February 6  2024 - DON'TNOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games declares the following purchases of its own shares in accordance with Article 5 of Market Abuse Regulation.Issuer Name Identity code of the Issuer Day of the transaction Identity code of thefinancial Instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market DONT NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24 29/01/2024 FR0013331212 1 136 4 63529 ALXP DONT NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24 30/01/2024 FR0013331212 857 4 442217 ALXP DONT NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24 02/02/2024 FR0013331212 2 942 4 384898 ALXPAbout DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GuilbertChief Executive OfficerBenoît Gisbert MoraDeputy General Managerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PuissantAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAnne-Catherine BonjourPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 - acbonjour@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lm5vYcZnZmuZlmqeZp5mnJOWmGuTx2OXmmeWk5RqlMmVa2lnl2mUmpiZZnFllW1v- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Transaction in own shares (aggregate version) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84089-dont-nod_cp_rachat_actions_06022024_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['OWN SHARES', 'Entertainment', 'DISCLOSURE', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'February', '12:05', 'Oskar Guilbert Chief Executive Officer', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'Market DONT NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24', 'ALXP DONT NOD ENTERTAINMENT 969500L3PI1D8PFDTK24', 'Benoît Gisbert Mora', 'Issuer Name Identity code', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Total daily volume', 'Bandai Namco Entertainment', 'independent French publisher', 'TELL ME WHYTM', 'unique narrative experiences', 'industry leading publishers', 'Deputy General Manager', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'transaction Identity code', 'original narrative games', 'independent French studio', 'Euronext Growth Paris', ""DON'T NOD"", 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Focus Entertainment', 'ISIN code', 'Press relations', 'video games', 'Issuer Day', 'following purchases', 'financial Instrument', 'TWIN MIRRORTM', 'REMEMBER METM', 'engaging stories', 'Square Enix', 'third-party developers', 'editorial visions', 'innovative universe', 'Investor relations', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'Regulated information', 'aggregate version', ""DON'TNOD"", 'ACTUS finance', 'shares', 'accordance', 'Article', 'number', 'Montreal', 'adventure', 'LIFE', 'STRANGETM', 'RPG', 'VAMPYRTM', 'genres', 'characters', 'Microsoft', 'Capcom', 'IPs', 'house', 'knowledge', 'company', 'immersive', 'ALDNE', 'communication', 'Tel.', 'acbonjour', 'publication', 'lm5vYcZnZmuZlmqeZp5mnJOWmGuTx2OXmmeWk5RqlMmVa2lnl2mUmpiZZnFllW1v', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '2024']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-AIRWELL-125185219/news/Groupe-Airwell-2023-REVENUE-AT-RECORD-LEVEL-EUR-65-0M-17-ABOVE-EXPECTATIONS-AN-EXPECTE-45895052/,Groupe Airwell :  2023 REVENUE AT RECORD LEVEL: EUR 65.0M (+17%)  ABOVE EXPECTATIONS - AN EXPECTED EBITDA MARGIN OF 5% IN 2023  TWO YEARS BEFORE THE TARGET DATE,(marketscreener.com)  The Airwell Group   creator of smart energy ecosystems  reports record revenue in 2023 of €65m  up 17%. This level of business  above initial targets  was driven by very sharp growth in the fourth quarter of 42% that benefited from exc…,"The Airwell Group (Euronext Growth  ALAIR)  creator of smart energy ecosystems  reports record revenue in 2023 of €65m  up 17%. This level of business  above initial targets  was driven by very sharp growth in the fourth quarter of 42% that benefited from excellent momentum in France. This region is the Group's leading market in 2023.Airwell has shown its ability to increase its market share both within and outside France despite a difficult environment for the new housing market. This strong performance has once again confirmed the relevance of Airwell's positioning in complete solutions that are focused on energy efficiency and perfectly in line with market expectations. These results also bear witness to the visionary strategy that it put in place several years ago with a view to pre-empting sector trends.This very strong sales momentum is also combined with a significant rise in profitability. Airwell is aiming for an EBITDA margin of 5% in 2023  two years in advance on its target (2025).French standards(€m) – unaudited Q4 2022 Q4 2023 Change (%) 2022 2023 Change (%) Mainland France 4.4 9.1 +107.5% 21.7 31.9 +47.0% Overseas territories 1.6 1.9 +19.3% 9.2 6.8 -27.0% International 6.9 7.3 +6.0% 24.8 26.4 +6.4% TOTAL 12.9 18.3 +42.2% 55.7 65.0 +16.7%Very strong business growth in the fourth quarter (+42%)In the fourth quarter of 2023  Airwell generated revenue of €18.3m  up sharply by 42.2% from the fourth quarter of 2022. Revenue was up in all geographic regions.France enjoyed the largest quarterly rise  with revenue of €9.1m  up 107.5% from the same period in the previous year. Airwell is broadly outperforming its market due to the differentiated positioning of its products. This is shown by the 155% rise in sales of air-water heat pumps in the fourth quarter of 2023  despite the market slowing significantly in 2023 due to the fall in the number of new housing projects. The revenue generated in France also includes the contribution of €0.6m made by Amzair Industrie (now Airwell Industrie)  which was consolidated on 1 July 2023.In the 2023 financial year  France generated revenue of €31.9m  up sharply (47%) from the 2022 financial year and is now the Group's leading market with a 49% share of 2023 sales (+10 points from 2022). At constant consolidation scope  revenue was €30.6m.The French overseas territories  which suffered a temporary downturn in the third quarter due to disruption caused by the reorganisation of a distributor in the Antilles  recovered strongly to €1.9m in the fourth quarter of 2023 (up 19.3% from the fourth quarter of 2022). In the 2023 financial year  the revenue came to €6.8m (down 27.0%)  i.e. 10% of aggregate sales.The International region returned to growth in the fourth quarter of 2023 and posted revenue of €7.3m up 6.0% (with the delays of RAC products orders from the previous quarter). Over the financial year as a whole  revenue came to €26.4m (up 6.4% from 2022)  representing 41% of sales.All told  Airwell posted record revenue of €65.0m  up sharply by 16.7% and above expectations. The breakdown in sales per sector remains broadly unchanged from 2022  with the residential and commercial markets representing 95% and 5%  respectively.In terms of the breakdown of products on the residential market  sales of air-water heat pumps surged by 57% in 2023 (to €21.9m). RAC sales remained relatively stable at €25.6m (down 1.6%). Its renewable energy offering (photovoltaic panels) also grew to €3.1m at the end of 2023 (from €0.9m in 2022).Strong growth in the EBITDA margin expected to reach 5% in 2023On the strength of this solid level of business  Airwell is expecting an EBITDA margin of 5% in 2023 (compared with 2.8% in 2022)  thereby achieving its 2025 target two years early.In 2024  Airwell will look to continue its profitable growth trajectory at the same pace as in 2023. The Group will draw on its strategy of increasing its market share and will take advantage of the significant incentive policies in France on the general renovation market and in relation to heat pumps Made in France more broadly.In the Antilles  Airwell has established its own teams to work in this high-potential region and  on 1 February 2023  opened its first showroom in Jarry (Guadeloupe)  together with a training centre.The 2024 financial year will also see the roll-out of its service offering for smart and connected homes (""Ma Maison Hybride"") and the launch of its financing offer for energy-related renovations in the residential sector.The Group also restates its ambitions for 2025 to generate revenue of more than €100m and will provide a new EBITDA margin target when it publishes its full-year results for 2023.Next release: Full-year 2023 results  23 April 2024  before the market opensAbout AirwellFounded in 1947 in France  Airwell is France's leading designer of heat pumps in the field of climatic and thermal engineering. A major operator  the French pioneer in heat pumps and then the leading European manufacturer in the 1970s  Airwell became Groupe Airwell in 2021. In a market driven by the energy transition  the company aims to become a reference in Europe  and a key player in climate and thermal solutions based on needs and uses on a global level  with a presence in 80 countries. The French developer of climatic and thermal solutions continued to develop in an effort to optimise the energy consumption of its products  protect natural resources and capture solar energy  thereby significantly reducing its customers' environmental footprints. Based in Montigny-le-Bretonneux (78)  Groupe Airwell has more than 100 employees. In March 2023  Groupe Airwell became a member of the Communauté du Coq Vert run by Bpi France and ADEME (French Agency for Ecological Transition).Compartment: Euronext Growth® Paris; Ticker: ALAIRwww.groupe-airwell.comContactsAIRWELLLaurent ROEGELCEOinvestisseurs@airwell.com ATOUT CAPITALRodolphe OSSOLAListing Sponsorrodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com+33 (0)1 56 69 61 86ACTUS FINANCE ET COMMUNICATIONFinancial communicationAnne-Pauline PETUREAUXapetureaux@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 72 Media RelationsManon Clairetmclairet@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: x2hylpaXYZnIlW2dk8plbWllmmeUl2OZbGTHk5NpZMvJa5polG2Tm5nKZnFllW5t- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84097-airwell_pr_q4_final_gb.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.23,0.29,True,English,"['EXPECTED EBITDA MARGIN', 'Groupe Airwell', 'RECORD LEVEL', 'ABOVE EXPECTATIONS', 'TARGET DATE', 'new EBITDA margin target', 'new housing projects', 'unaudited Q4 2022 Q4', 'constant consolidation scope', 'Ma Maison Hybride', 'significant incentive policies', 'new housing market', 'leading European manufacturer', 'renewable energy offering', 'profitable growth trajectory', 'largest quarterly rise', 'general renovation market', 'air-water heat pumps', 'smart energy ecosystems', 'French overseas territories', 'RAC products orders', 'strong sales momentum', 'The International region', 'strong business growth', 'The Airwell Group', 'energy efficiency', 'Strong growth', 'excellent momentum', 'strong performance', 'significant rise', 'service offering', 'French standards', 'French pioneer', 'The Group', 'leading designer', 'leading market', 'Euronext Growth', 'sharp growth', 'initial targets', 'fourth quarter', 'difficult environment', 'complete solutions', 'geographic regions', 'same period', 'previous year', 'Amzair Industrie', '2023 financial year', '2022 financial year', 'temporary downturn', 'third quarter', 'previous quarter', 'commercial markets', 'RAC sales', 'photovoltaic panels', 'same pace', 'high-potential region', 'first showroom', 'training centre', '2024 financial year', 'connected homes', 'financing offer', 'energy-related renovations', 'Next release', 'thermal engineering', 'major operator', 'market driv', 'sector trends', 'full-year results', 'Full-year 2023 results', 'market share', 'residential market', 'visionary strategy', 'differentiated positioning', 'aggregate sales', 'solid level', 'market expectations', 'residential sector', 'Airwell Industrie', 'Groupe Airwell', 'record revenue', 'Mainland France', '155% rise', '2025 target', '49% share', '2023 sales', 'ALAIR', 'creator', 'ability', 'relevance', 'line', 'witness', 'place', 'view', 'advance', 'Change', 'TOTAL', 'fall', 'number', 'contribution', '1 July', 'disruption', 'reorganisation', 'distributor', 'Antilles', 'delays', 'breakdown', 'terms', 'strength', 'advantage', 'relation', 'teams', '1 February', 'Jarry', 'Guadeloupe', 'roll', 'launch', 'ambitions', 'field', 'climatic', '1970s', '2.']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KENMARE-RESOURCES-PLC-30340902/news/Commitments-for-New-Debt-Facility-45889321/,Commitments for New Debt Facility,(marketscreener.com) Kenmare Resources plc 6 February 2024 Commitments for New Debt Facility Kenmare Resources plc   one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in northern Mozambique  ha…,Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or the “Company” or “the Group”)6 February 2024Commitments for New Debt FacilityKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in northern Mozambique  has received commitments in respect of a new $200 million Revolving Credit Facility (“RCF”).Statement from Tom Hickey  Finance Director:“The new $200 million RCF supports our planned capital programmes in the coming years. It removes the amortising payments of the existing term loan  whilst increasing the size of available facilities and extending the maturity profile from 2025 to 2029.The new facilities continue our strong relationship with existing lenders and provide enhanced financial flexibility through the revolving credit structure and committed five-year term.”Revolving Credit Facility highlights$200 million RCF provided by Absa  Nedbank CIB  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard BankInterest rate of 4.85% plus Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) per annum  an improvement on the existing term loan interest rate of 5.4% plus SOFRThe new facility will provide the Group with additional financial flexibility as a result of the extended maturity profile  revolving structure and increased quantumKey financial covenants: interest cover ratio of >4.00 times; net debt to EBITDA of <2 times; and minimum liquidity of $25 millionDistribution covenants: net debt to EBITDA of <1.5 times; and minimum liquidity of $25 millionAvailability of the new debt facility is subject to the execution of definitive documentation and the satisfaction of customary conditions precedentThe facility has been provided by Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  FirstRand Bank Limited (acting through its Rand Merchant Bank division) and Standard Bank Group (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Standard Bank”). The Initial Mandated Lead Arranger in respect of the Facility was Rand Merchant Bank.The new debt facility will comprise a $200 million RCF with a committed five-year term. The facility will replace the existing corporate debt facilities that were put in place in 2019  of which $47 million of Term Loan remains outstanding.The lenders will share a security package for a $50 million mine closure guarantee facility (up from $40 million in the existing facility).Signing  closing and initial drawdown is expected to occur in March  following a 30-day consideration period by the Mozambican Ministry of Mineral Resources and Energy.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Katharine Sutton / Michael StarkeInvestor RelationsTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: + 353 87 943 0367 / + 353 87 663 0875Murray (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of life items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.32,0.39,True,English,"['New Debt Facility', 'Commitments', '$50 million mine closure guarantee facility', 'new $200 million Revolving Credit Facility', 'existing term loan interest rate', 'Secured Overnight Financing Rate', 'Initial Mandated Lead Arranger', 'Revolving Credit Facility highlights', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'Rand Merchant Bank division', 'existing corporate debt facilities', 'revolving credit structure', 'interest cover ratio', 'Investment Banking Division', 'global titanium feedstocks', 'customary conditions precedent', '30-day consideration period', 'Paul O’Kane', 'London Stock Exchange', 'United States dollars', 'New Debt Facility', 'FirstRand Bank Limited', 'leading global producers', 'mineral sands products', 'new $200 million RCF', 'additional financial flexibility', 'Key financial covenants', 'extended maturity profile', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'Absa Bank Limited', 'Standard Bank Group', 'revolving structure', 'existing facility', 'new facility', 'new facilities', 'Mineral Resources', 'initial drawdown', 'net debt', 'five-year term', 'existing lenders', 'available facilities', 'Distribution covenants', 'largest producers', 'Nedbank Limited', 'Tom Hickey', 'Finance Director', 'capital programmes', 'coming years', 'amortising payments', 'strong relationship', 'minimum liquidity', 'definitive documentation', 'security package', 'Mozambican Ministry', 'Jeremy Dibb', 'Katharine Sutton', 'Michael Starke', 'Investor Relations', 'PR advisor', 'Euronext Dublin', 'raw materials', 'everyday quality', 'life items', 'ceramic tiles', 'monetary amounts', 'Nedbank CIB', 'Nedbank Corporate', 'northern Mozambique', 'Company', 'February', 'Commitments', 'LSE', 'KMR', 'ISE', 'zircon', 'respect', 'Statement', 'size', 'SOFR', 'annum', 'improvement', 'result', 'quantum', '00 times', 'EBITDA', '<2 times', '<1.5 times', 'Availability', 'execution', 'satisfaction', 'committed', 'place', 'Signing', 'closing', 'March', 'Energy', 'information', 'Tel', 'Mob', 'Murray', 'pokane', 'world', 'production', 'customers', '15 countries', 'paints', 'plastics', '353']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-CCH-Tagetik-expert-solution-ranked-as-Leader-by-Nucleus-Research-in-2024-CPM-Techn-45894728/,Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution ranked as Leader by Nucleus Research in 2024 CPM Technology Value Matrix,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution ranked as Leader by Nucleus Research in 2024 CPM Technology Value MatrixCCH® Tagetik earns Leader recognition from Nucleus Research for fourth consecutive year. New York – February…,PRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution ranked as Leader by Nucleus Research in 2024 CPM Technology Value MatrixCCH® Tagetik earns Leader recognition from Nucleus Research for fourth consecutive year.New York – February 6  2024 – Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today announced that its CCH® Tagetik expert solution has been recognized as a Leader  for the fourth consecutive year  in the Nucleus Research CPM Technology Value Matrix.The report specifically recognizes the CCH Tagetik Corporate Performance Management (CPM) solution  which empowers the office of the CFO to drive efficiency and enhance decision-making with comprehensive financial close and consolidation  extended planning  ESG and regulatory reporting  and corporate tax solutions.Nucleus Research evaluates CPM vendors each year based on customer feedback  product demonstrations  and conversations with users and vendors regarding usability  functionality and value realized from each product's capabilities.Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance & ESG  Wolters Kluwer  said: “We are honored that the CCH Tagetik expert solution has been recognized as a market leader by Nucleus Research for the fourth consecutive year. The results of the 2024 CPM Technology Value Matrix reflect our continued commitment to innovation and product excellence. We remain wholly focused on empowering the office of the CFO to drive digital transformation  plan for uncertainty  and ensure regulatory compliance for profitable growth.”Charles Brennan  Research Analyst  Nucleus Research  said: “Our research demonstrates that businesses across industries need solutions that provide greater visibility  agility and flexibility in their processes as market needs evolve. With continued investments in areas such as ESG and sustainability  corporate tax solutions and AI  ML and NLP capabilities  the CCH Tagetik platform is likely to deliver organizations substantial ROI to businesses  globally.”For 2024  Nucleus Research highlighted recent CCH Tagetik product innovations including:CCH Tagetik Global Minimum Tax  with new functionality developed to support multinational companies collect  align  calculate and report integrated finance and tax data in accordance with OECD BEPS Pillar Two tax requirements;tax requirements; A new ESG-Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) functionality developed to support companies in navigating this new regulation. This includes features designed to automate reporting and ensure accurate disclosures while equipping companies to evaluate materiality and impact;New  enhanced connectivity with SAP S/HANA through a bi-directional connector which enables real-time integration; and a new Microsoft Power BI Connector which enables self-service reporting and analysis; andthrough a bi-directional connector which enables real-time integration; and a new Microsoft Power BI Connector which enables self-service reporting and analysis; and New intelligent analytics capabilities driven by innovative AI technologies  including anomaly detection  automapping and driver-based analysis.Download the report to review the full Nucleus Research analysis.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in Health  Tax and Accounting  Financial Corporate Compliance  Legal & Regulatory  and Corporate Performance & ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactSarah WhybrowAssociate Director  External CommunicationsCorporate Performance & ESGWolters KluwerMobile: +44 7855 186713sarah.whybrow@wolterskluwer.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.51,0.47,0.02,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution', '2024 CPM Technology Value Matrix', 'Nucleus Research', 'Leader', 'OECD BEPS Pillar Two tax requirements', 'new Microsoft Power BI Connector', 'Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution', 'Nucleus Research CPM Technology Value Matrix', 'recent CCH Tagetik product innovations', 'CCH Tagetik Global Minimum Tax', 'CCH Tagetik Corporate Performance Management', 'new ESG-Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'CCH Tagetik expert solution', '2024 CPM Technology Value Matrix', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'New intelligent analytics capabilities', 'CCH Tagetik platform', 'full Nucleus Research analysis', 'New, enhanced connectivity', 'fourth consecutive year', 'comprehensive financial close', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer Mobile', 'Financial Corporate Compliance', 'corporate tax solutions', 'innovative AI technologies', 'CPM) solution', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', 'New York', 'new regulation', 'bi-directional connector', 'new functionality', 'tax data', 'CPM vendors', 'global leader', 'product demonstrations', 'product excellence', 'Research Analyst', 'self-service reporting', 'NLP capabilities', 'regulatory compliance', 'regulatory reporting', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'extended planning', 'customer feedback', 'General Manager', 'continued commitment', 'digital transformation', 'profitable growth', 'Charles Brennan', 'market needs', 'continued investments', 'substantial ROI', 'integrated finance', 'accurate disclosures', 'SAP S/HANA', 'real-time integration', 'anomaly detection', 'driver-based analysis', 'critical decisions', '2022 annual revenues', 'Media Contact', 'Associate Director', 'External Communications', 'software solutions', 'Leader recognition', 'market leader', 'CSRD) functionality', 'professional information', 'multinational companies', 'Sarah Whybrow', 'February', 'services', 'office', 'CFO', 'efficiency', 'decision-making', 'consolidation', 'conversations', 'users', 'usability', 'results', 'uncertainty', 'businesses', 'industries', 'agility', 'flexibility', 'processes', 'areas', 'ML', 'organizations', 'accordance', 'features', 'materiality', 'impact', 'automapping', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'Health', 'Accounting', 'Legal', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2824559/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-CCH-Tagetik-expert-solution-ranked-as-Leader-by-Nucleus-Research-in-2024-CPM-Technology-Value-Matrix.html,Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution ranked as Leader by Nucleus Research in 2024 CPM Technology Value Matrix,PRESS RELEASE          Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution ranked as Leader by Nucleus Research in 2024 CPM Technology Value...,PRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution ranked as Leader by Nucleus Research in 2024 CPM Technology Value MatrixCCH® Tagetik earns Leader recognition from Nucleus Research for fourth consecutive year.New York – February 6  2024 – Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today announced that its CCH® Tagetik expert solution has been recognized as a Leader  for the fourth consecutive year  in the Nucleus Research CPM Technology Value Matrix.The report specifically recognizes the CCH Tagetik Corporate Performance Management (CPM) solution  which empowers the office of the CFO to drive efficiency and enhance decision-making with comprehensive financial close and consolidation  extended planning  ESG and regulatory reporting  and corporate tax solutions.Nucleus Research evaluates CPM vendors each year based on customer feedback  product demonstrations  and conversations with users and vendors regarding usability  functionality and value realized from each product's capabilities.Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance & ESG  Wolters Kluwer  said: “We are honored that the CCH Tagetik expert solution has been recognized as a market leader by Nucleus Research for the fourth consecutive year. The results of the 2024 CPM Technology Value Matrix reflect our continued commitment to innovation and product excellence. We remain wholly focused on empowering the office of the CFO to drive digital transformation  plan for uncertainty  and ensure regulatory compliance for profitable growth.”Charles Brennan  Research Analyst  Nucleus Research  said: “Our research demonstrates that businesses across industries need solutions that provide greater visibility  agility and flexibility in their processes as market needs evolve. With continued investments in areas such as ESG and sustainability  corporate tax solutions and AI  ML and NLP capabilities  the CCH Tagetik platform is likely to deliver organizations substantial ROI to businesses  globally.”For 2024  Nucleus Research highlighted recent CCH Tagetik product innovations including:CCH Tagetik Global Minimum Tax  with new functionality developed to support multinational companies collect  align  calculate and report integrated finance and tax data in accordance with OECD BEPS Pillar Two tax requirements;A new ESG-Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) functionality developed to support companies in navigating this new regulation. This includes features designed to automate reporting and ensure accurate disclosures while equipping companies to evaluate materiality and impact;New  enhanced connectivity with SAP S/HANA through a bi-directional connector which enables real-time integration; and a new Microsoft Power BI Connector which enables self-service reporting and analysis; andNew intelligent analytics capabilities driven by innovative AI technologies  including anomaly detection  automapping and driver-based analysis.Download the report to review the full Nucleus Research analysis.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in Health  Tax and Accounting  Financial Corporate Compliance  Legal & Regulatory  and Corporate Performance & ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactSarah WhybrowAssociate Director  External CommunicationsCorporate Performance & ESGWolters KluwerMobile: +44 7855 186713sarah.whybrow@wolterskluwer.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.51,0.47,0.02,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution', '2024 CPM Technology Value Matrix', 'Nucleus Research', 'Leader', 'OECD BEPS Pillar Two tax requirements', 'Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik expert solution', 'new Microsoft Power BI Connector', 'Nucleus Research CPM Technology Value Matrix', 'recent CCH Tagetik product innovations', 'CCH Tagetik Global Minimum Tax', 'CCH Tagetik Corporate Performance Management', 'new ESG-Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'CCH Tagetik expert solution', '2024 CPM Technology Value Matrix', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'New intelligent analytics capabilities', 'full Nucleus Research analysis', 'CCH Tagetik platform', 'New, enhanced connectivity', 'fourth consecutive year', 'comprehensive financial close', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer Mobile', 'corporate tax solutions', 'Financial Corporate Compliance', 'innovative AI technologies', 'CPM) solution', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', 'bi-directional connector', 'tax data', 'New York', 'new regulation', 'CPM vendors', 'new functionality', 'global leader', 'product demonstrations', 'product excellence', 'Research Analyst', 'self-service reporting', 'NLP capabilities', 'driver-based analysis', 'regulatory reporting', 'regulatory compliance', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'extended planning', 'customer feedback', 'General Manager', 'continued commitment', 'digital transformation', 'profitable growth', 'Charles Brennan', 'market needs', 'continued investments', 'substantial ROI', 'integrated finance', 'accurate disclosures', 'SAP S/HANA', 'real-time integration', 'anomaly detection', 'critical decisions', '2022 annual revenues', 'Media Contact', 'Associate Director', 'External Communications', 'software solutions', 'Leader recognition', 'market leader', 'CSRD) functionality', 'professional information', 'multinational companies', 'Sarah Whybrow', 'February', 'services', 'office', 'CFO', 'efficiency', 'decision-making', 'consolidation', 'conversations', 'users', 'usability', 'results', 'uncertainty', 'businesses', 'industries', 'agility', 'flexibility', 'processes', 'areas', 'ML', 'organizations', 'accordance', 'features', 'materiality', 'impact', 'automapping', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'Health', 'Accounting', 'Legal', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-S-A-announces-an-offering-of-approximately-1-2-billion-euros-of-new-shares-45895281/,Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. announces an offering of approximately 1.2 billion euros of new shares without shareholders' preferential subscription rights by means of an accelerated bookbuilding,(marketscreener.com) Sartorius Stedim Biotech SASartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. announces an offering of approximately 1.2 billion euros of new shares without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights by means of an accelerated bookbuilding 06-Fe…,Not to be released  published  distributed or circulated in South Africa  Canada  Australia  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful to do so. This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended. This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. announces an offering of approximately 1.2 billion euros of new shares without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights by means of an accelerated bookbuildingSartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. (“SSB” or the “Issuer”) announces today the launch of an offering of approximately 1.2 billion euros of new shares without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights via an accelerated bookbuilding (the “Capital Increase”).Use of proceedsThe Issuer intends to use the net proceeds of the Capital Increase to accelerate its debt deleveraging beyond strong internal cash generation  and to strengthen its overall strategic flexibility. As of the reporting date December 31  2023  the outstanding shareholder loans within the Sartorius Stedim Biotech group amounted to around EUR 3.56bn  with initial maturities between 2026 to 2035 and interest rates ranging between approximately 3.5% and 4.9%. The Issuer intends to allocate at least two thirds of the net proceeds of the Equity Offering to partially repay the shareholder loans granted by the Issuer’s major shareholder  Sartorius Aktiengesellschaft (“Sartorius AG”)  and its subsidiary  Sartorius Finance B.V.to the Issuer and its subsidiary  Sartorius Stedim Biotech GmbH. Any remaining portion  if any  would be allocated to general corporate purposes of the Issuer. The net proceeds are expected to reduce net debt and therefore resulting in a net leverage decrease by around 1.5x in relation to the most recent reporting date.Shareholder’s intentionSartorius AG  which owns approximately 73.6 percent of the Issuer’s share capital  has indicated its intention to participate in the Capital Increase by placing an order for an amount in cash of approximately one third of the Capital Increase  corresponding to approximately 400 million euros on the basis of a Capital Increase of 1.2 billion euros  at the placement price of the Capital Increase without concurring to the formation of such price. The final number of new shares purchased by Sartorius AG will depend on the final allocation resulting from the bookbuilding process that will be determined in accordance with standard principles for this type of transaction.Sartorius AG has also informed SSB of its intention to concurrently carry out the placement of approximately 200 million euros of Sartorius AG treasury preference shares through a private placement. The proceeds from this transaction will benefit Sartorius AG.Main terms of the Capital IncreaseThe Capital Increase will be carried out without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights pursuant to the authorization granted by the Issuer’s annual shareholders’ general meeting held on March 29  2022 (19th resolution) and in accordance with the provisions of Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier. The new shares will be offered for subscription exclusively to institutional investors in a private placement by way of an accelerated bookbuilding process.The placement price for the new shares will also be determined pursuant to such accelerated bookbuilding process. In accordance with the authorization granted by the shareholders’ meeting referred to above  the placement price will be at least equal to volume-weighted average price for the last three trading days preceding the beginning of the public offering  less  as the case may be  a maximum discount of 10 %.The new shares will bear current dividend rights and will be immediately assimilated to the Issuer’s existing shares. Notably  the new shares will benefit from any dividend paid in 2024 (related to 2023 fiscal year exercise). The new shares will trade under the same ISIN code as the existing shares  FR0013154002  on Euronext Paris.The placement price of the Capital Increase is expected to be announced no later than the start of trading on Euronext Paris on or around 7 February 2024. Settlement of the Capital Increase is expected to take place on or around 9 February 2024.The indicative timetable of the Capital Increase is as follows:6 February 2024 (after market close): publication by the Issuer of a press release announcing the launch of the Capital Increase6 February 2024 (after market close): publication by the Issuer of a press release announcing the determination of the price of the Capital Increase7 February 2024: publication by Euronext Paris S.A. of the notice relating to the admission to trading of the new shares9 February 2024: settlement and delivery of the Capital IncreaseLock-up undertakingsAs part of the Capital Increase  SSB and Sartorius AG (with respect to the shares held on the date hereof and the new shares) have each agreed to a lock-up period of 90 calendar days following the settlement and delivery date of the Capital Increase  subject to customary exceptions.DilutionFor illustrative purposes only  a shareholder holding 1% of the Issuer’s share capital as of 6 February 2024  and not subscribing to the Capital Increase  would hold 0.95% on a non-diluted basis of the share capital following the issue of the new shares pursuant to the Capital Increase  calculated on the basis of an offer price equal to the closing share price on 6 February 2024  i.e.  EUR 251.00 per share.On the basis of the hypothesis described above  the share capital of the Issuer would be allocated as follows after the Capital Increase:Allocation before the Capital IncreaseShareholders Number of shares (including treasury shares) Percentage of the share capital (including treasury shares) Number of voting rights (including treasury shares) Percentage of the share capital (including treasury shares) Sartorius AG 67 844 071 73.6% 135 688 142 84.6% Free float 24 336 119 26.4% 24 742 701 15.4% Total 92 180 190 100% 160 430 843 100%Allocation after the Capital IncreaseShareholders Number of shares (including treasury shares) Percentage of the share capital (including treasury shares) Number of voting rights (including treasury shares) Percentage of voting rights (including treasury shares) Sartorius AG 69 437 696 71.6% 137 281 767 83.1% Free float 27 523 370 28.4% 27 929 952 16.9% Total 96 961 066 100% 165 211 719 100%Risk factorsThe risk factors relating to the Issuer are presented in the universal registration document of the Issuer filed with the AMF on 16 February 2023 as updated in the half-yearly financial report of the Issuer dated 21 July 2023. These documents are available free of charges on the Internet site of the Issuer (https://www.sartorius.com/en/company/investor-relations/sartorius-stedim-biotech-sa-investor-relations). The realisation of all or part of these risks may have an adverse effect on the activities  the financial situation  the results  the development or the perspectives of the Issuer. These risk factors remain up-to-date as of the date hereof.In addition  investors are invited to take into account the risks that are specific to the Capital Increase as follows:the market price of the Issuer's shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the shares issued in connection with the Capital Increase  the volatility and liquidity of the Issuer's shares could fluctuate significantly  sales of the Issuer's shares  notably by Sartorius AG after the expiry of the lock-up undertaking  could occur on the market and have an adverse impact on the Issuer's share price  and the Issuer's shareholders could suffer additional dilution in the event of future transactions.Importance noticeThis press release may not be published  distributed or released in South Africa  Australia  Canada or Japan. The release  publication or distribution of this press release in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by laws or regulations. Therefore  persons in such jurisdictions into which this press release is released  published or distributed must inform themselves about and comply with such laws or regulations. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.No communication and no information in respect of the Capital Increase may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where a registration or approval is required. No steps have been or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The issuance by the Issuer or the subscription of the Shares may be subject to legal and regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and its advisors take no responsibility for any violation of any such restriction by any person.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).This press release is not an offer to the public other than to qualified investors  or an offer to subscribe or designed to solicit interest for purposes of an offer to the public other than to qualified investors in any jurisdiction  including France.European Economic AreaWith respect to the member States of the European Economic Area (each  a “Member State”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities requiring publication of a prospectus in any relevant Member State  including France and Germany. As a result  the securities may only be offered in relevant Member States (i) to qualified investors  as defined by the Prospectus Regulation; or (ii) in any other circumstances  not requiring the Issuer to publish a prospectus as provided under Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. These selling restrictions with respect to Member States apply in addition to any other selling restrictions which may be applicable in any Member State.United KingdomWith respect to the United Kingdom  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus. As a result  the securities may and will be offered only (i) to qualified investors within the meaning of the UK Prospectus Regulation  (ii) to fewer than 150 individuals or legal entities (other than qualified investors as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation  or (iii) in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.United StatesThis press release does not constitute or form part of any offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or to subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the law of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered  sold  pledge or otherwise transferred in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. does not intend to register all or any portion of the securities in the United States under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the securities in the United States.South Africa  Australia  Canada and JapanThis announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in South Africa  Australia  Canada or Japan.The distribution of this press release in certain countries may constitute a breach of applicable law.Disclosure of inside information according to Article 17 MARAubagne  February 06  2024ContactPetra KirchhoffHead of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations+49 (0)551.308.1686petra.kirchhoff@sartorius.comsartorius.com,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A.', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", '1.2 billion euros', 'new shares', 'offering', 'means', 'accelerated', 'bookbuilding', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A.', 'Sartorius AG treasury preference shares', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech group', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech GmbH', 'French Code monétaire', 'Sartorius Finance B.V.', 'Euronext Paris S.A.', 'strong internal cash generation', 'annual shareholders’ general meeting', 'last three trading days', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription rights', 'same ISIN code', 'overall strategic flexibility', 'general corporate purposes', '2023 fiscal year exercise', 'current dividend rights', 'net leverage decrease', 'recent reporting date', 'volume-weighted average price', 'outstanding shareholder loans', 'The Capital Increase', 'accelerated bookbuilding process', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'Sartorius Aktiengesellschaft', 'information purposes', 'new shares', 'existing shares', 'net debt', 'share capital', 'South Africa', 'other jurisdiction', 'press release', 'European Parliament', '1.2 billion euros', 'debt deleveraging', 'initial maturities', 'interest rates', 'two thirds', 'major shareholder', 'remaining portion', 'one third', '400 million euros', 'final number', 'final allocation', 'standard principles', '200 million euros', 'Main terms', '2022 (19th resolution', 'Article L.', 'institutional investors', 'maximum discount', 'indicative timetable', 'Lock-up undertakings', 'private placement', 'net proceeds', 'placement price', 'Equity Offering', 'public offering', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'advertisement', 'prospectus', 'meaning', 'Regulation', 'Council', 'June', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'means', 'SSB', 'Issuer', 'launch', 'Use', 'subsidiary', 'relation', 'intention', '73.6 percent', 'order', 'amount', 'basis', 'accordance', 'type', 'transaction', 'authorization', 'March', 'provisions', 'financier', 'way', 'beginning', 'case', 'start', '7 February', 'Settlement', '9 February', 'market', 'close', 'publication', 'determination', 'notice', 'admission', 'delivery', 'part', '10 %.']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823966/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED    Ordinary Shares    The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 05 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6948 £ 24.7314 Estimated MTD return -0.20 % -0.18 % Estimated YTD return 0.53 % 0.66 % Estimated ITD return 176.95 % 147.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.12 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.07 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.6068 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.6066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '3']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45889179/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -February 06  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 05 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6948 £ 24.7314 Estimated MTD return -0.20 % -0.18 % Estimated YTD return 0.53 % 0.66 % Estimated ITD return 176.95 % 147.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.12 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.07 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.6068 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.6066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'February', '01', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '3']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RACING-FORCE-S-P-A-129457864/news/Racing-Force-S-p-a-Another-sales-record-for-Racing-Force-Group-in-2023-driven-by-technical-r-45889280/,Racing Force S.p.a. : Another sales record for Racing Force Group in 2023  driven by technical racewear -February 06  2024 at 01:55 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  THE FISCAL YEAR CLOSED AT €62.6 MLN   WITH DOUBLE DIGIT GROWTH IN EUROPE AND ASIA REVENUE IN THE FOURTH QUARTER SLIGHTLY DECREASED BY €0.6 MLN  TOTALING €12.8 MLN Ronco Scrivia   February 6th  2024 - Racing Force S.p.A.  the parent co…,"THE FISCAL YEAR CLOSED AT €62.6 MLN (+6.4% y/y)  WITH DOUBLE DIGIT GROWTH IN EUROPE AND ASIA REVENUE IN THE FOURTH QUARTER SLIGHTLY DECREASED BY €0.6 MLN  TOTALING €12.8 MLN (-4.2% y/y)Ronco Scrivia (GE  Italy)  February 6th  2024 - Racing Force S.p.A.  the parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan (RFG) and Paris (ALRFG)  announces consolidated sales figures for the 2023 fourth quarter and full year:• Consolidated Q4 2023 Revenues at €12.8 million  slightly decreasing (-€0.6 million  equal to -4.2%) compared to €13.4 million in Q4 2022 (-2.3% at constant exchange rates);• Consolidated revenues for the full year at €62.6 million  up by €3.8 million  equal to +6.4% compared to € 58.9 million in FY 2022 (+7.1% at constant exchange rates).In terms of geographical areas  countries in the EMEA and APAC macro-regions have recorded a significant double-digit growth  reaching +11.2% and +15.0% respectively  compared to previous year  driven by helmets and racing suits; Americas registered a decrease (-7.8%)  mainly due to a one-off supply made during the previous fiscal year and to the weakening of dollar against euro compared to the last year's highs. Net of these effects  growth in the Americas would be +4.5%.With regards to product categories  sales of Driver's Equipment registered a 4.7% increase compared to 2022  thanks to the growth across all the main racewear products offered by the Group  with a significant increase in racing suits  while the turnover of Car Parts closed the fiscal year with a slight decrease of -1.3%  primarily due to a different timing of supplies to some car manufacturers. The Other segment recorded a +76.5% growth  mainly due to the sales of Racing Spirit branded products  following the acquisition of the entire project by the Group during 2022.The weight of Dealers as the main sales channel for the Group stands at 62% of total sales in the fiscal year  with Team & Car Manufacturers accounting for 24% and Other for 14%. Compared to 2022  there is a notable increase in revenue towards Team & Car Manufacturer (+14.5%) and Other (+12.3%)  with both segments benefiting from significant partnership agreements signed by the Group.Paolo Delprato  President and Chief Executive Officer of Racing Force Group  commented: ""In 2023  we once again set a new sales record  primarily thanks to remarkable results achieved in the European market and continuous growth in Asia and the Pacific  regions where the Group further consolidated its leadership position. Despite an increasingly challenging macroeconomic environment  2023 sales enabled us to achieve an overall growth of +34% over the past two years  a significant milestone which is the result of the sacrifice  dedication  and passion of our entire team  to whom I extend my sincerest gratitude. Excluding one-off effects and dollar depreciation  we also experienced growth in the Americas  despite a generalized weakening of demand in the American market due to rising inflation  credit restrictions and related destocking policies implemented by some dealers. In 2023  we continued to invest in research and development to improve our products continuously. Simultaneously  we are committed to a comprehensive investment plan aimed at strengthening our structure and increasing logistics and production capacity to support further growth expected in motorsport and from the diversification projects in the coming periods. We are working hard to complete the ongoing projects within the current fiscal year. Therefore  2024 will be a challenging year  supported by our established leadership in motorsport  further strengthened by the latest agreements announced"".Racing Force Group's financial statements will be approved on March 27th  and the data will be presented and commented during a call on March 28th. Details on how to participate to the call will be confirmed soon.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xWqaaciXaW2Vl5tslZ6ba2hmZ2+WxZPFa2jHxmZpk5uZa5xjxmdjm8icZnFllWxr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84075-rfg-q4-full-year-2023-sales.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.23,0.35,True,English,"['Racing Force S.p.a.', 'Racing Force Group', 'sales record', 'technical racewear', 'February', '01:55', 'Racing Force S.p.A.', 'constant exchange rates', 'Racing Spirit branded', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'past two years', 'related destocking policies', 'comprehensive investment plan', 'next press releases', 'challenging macroeconomic environment', 'original press release', 'Racing Force Group', 'main sales channel', 'significant partnership agreements', 'new sales record', 'DOUBLE DIGIT GROWTH', 'main racewear products', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'consolidated sales figures', 'current fiscal year', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Euronext Growth segment', 'significant double-digit growth', 'Consolidated Q4 2023 Revenues', 'previous fiscal year', 'Consolidated revenues', 'racing suits', 'previous year', 'challenging year', 'significant milestone', 'latest agreements', 'last year', 'significant increase', 'FOURTH QUARTER', 'Ronco Scrivia', 'safety components', 'geographical areas', 'APAC macro-regions', 'one-off supply', 'product categories', 'Car Parts', 'different timing', 'car manufacturers', 'entire project', 'total sales', 'Paolo Delprato', 'European market', 'sincerest gratitude', 'American market', 'rising inflation', 'credit restrictions', 'diversification projects', 'coming periods', 'ongoing projects', 'financial statements', 'March 27th', 'March 28th', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'News release', 'full year', 'Other segment', 'continuous growth', 'overall growth', 'notable increase', 'parent company', 'slight decrease', 'remarkable results', 'leadership position', 'one-off effects', 'dollar depreciation', 'generalized weakening', 'production capacity', 'entire team', 'ASIA REVENUE', '2023 sales', '+76.5% growth', '4.7% increase', '6 MLN', 'Italy', 'February', 'development', 'marketing', 'motorsports', 'Milan', 'RFG', 'Paris', 'FY', 'terms', 'countries', 'EMEA', 'helmets', 'Americas', 'highs', 'Net', 'Driver', 'Equipment', 'turnover', 'supplies', 'acquisition', 'weight', 'Dealers', 'segments', 'President', 'Pacific', 'sacrifice', 'dedication', 'passion', 'demand', 'research', 'structure', 'increasing', 'logistics', 'data', 'call', 'Details', 'publication', 'xWqaaciXaW2Vl5tslZ6ba2hmZ2', 'WxZPFa2jHxmZpk5uZa5xjxmdjm8icZnFllWxr', 'accounts', 'PDF', 'q4-full-year-2023-sales', 'email', '2024']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABEO-SA-31408541/news/Abeo-Sa-ABEO-continues-to-grow-strongly-posting-Q3-organic-growth-of-10-6-and-cumulative-ord-45895256/,Abeo Sa : ABEO continues to grow strongly  posting Q3 organic growth of 10.6% and cumulative order intake of EUR 186.0m at 31/12/2023 -February 06  2024 at 12:10 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  ABEO  a leading global supplier of sports and leisure equipment  Official Supporter of the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games  today announces its revenue and order intake for the first nine months of its 2023/24 financial year en…,"ABEO  a leading global supplier of sports and leisure equipment  Official Supporter of the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games  today announces its revenue and order intake for the first nine months of its 2023/24 financial year ended 31 December 2023.€mUnaudited 2023/2024 2022/2023 Change ChangeLFL1 Q3 revenue 60.9 55.4 +10.0% +10.6% Sports 34.4 29.6 +16.2% +16.8% Sportainment & Climbing 11.5 10.5 +9.5% +11.1% Changing Rooms 15.1 15.3 -1.6% -1.7% 9-month revenue 184.4 173.2 +6.5% +7.0% Sports 98.6 87.5 +12.7% +12.9% Sportainment & Climbing 36.8 37.3 -1.4% +0.5% Changing Rooms 49.0 48.4 +1.3% +1.3% YTD order intake 31/122 186.0 176.7 +5.3% +6.0%: refers to the change in revenue over a comparable period and at constant consolidation scope  excluding the impact of currency fluctuations. : non-financial data – to measure the sales momentum of its business activities  the Group uses the quantified amount of its order intake over a given period  inter alia. The sales momentum indicator represents the aggregate value of all orders booked over the relevant period  as compared to the same period for the previous financial year.Third quarter growth upswingABEO posted a strong 2023/24 third quarter  generating revenue of €60.9m  up 10.6% like-for-like (up 10.0% as reported) versus 2022/23 third quarter. A negative FX impact of 0.6% has been recorded due to the depreciation of the US dollar.The Sports division recorded brisk sales  generating strong organic growth of 16.8% in the third quarter (up 16.2% as reported). Gymnastics recorded sustained business in Europe and North America  thus confirming the division's ability to seize the opportunities arising from the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games and the new partnership with the American gymnastics federation (USA Gymnastics).Sportainment & Climbing division revenue rose 11.1% like-for-like to €11.5m (up 9.5% as reported) compared to the same period last year. This performance was mainly driven by sustained growth in core businesses in Europe and the USA.Lastly  in a sluggish economic environment  the Changing Rooms division recorded a slight slowdown in 2023/24 third quarter sales (down 1.7% like-for-like and down 1.6% as reported)  without undermining the expected growth over the full 2023/24 financial year.Following this quarterly performance  2023/24 nine-month revenue came to €184.4m  up 7.0% like-for-like (up 6.5% as reported) versus the previous year.Trends and outlookAs the global economy begins to show signs of a slowdown  year-to-date sales at 31 December 2023 remain healthy  with order intake at €186.0m  up 6.0% like-for-like versus 31 December 2022 (up 5.3% as reported).As such  given the uncertainty hanging over the economic environment and the recovery of some Group markets  ABEO is cautiously expecting less sustained growth for the fourth quarter of 2023/24.Lastly  Gymnova  the Group's market-leading gymnastics brand  will supply all competition equipment for the Cairo World Cup scheduled for 15-18 February 2024. This is the first qualifying competition of the year for the Paris 2024 Olympics.With only 171 days to go before the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games  ABEO's teams are more committed than ever to contributing the best of the Group's expertise in gymnastics  basketball and climbing equipment in order to ensure the success of the competition on home territory and support the athletes in their quest for excellence.Next releases14 May 2024 – 2023/24 revenue (after close of trading)Find more atwww.abeo-bourse.comABOUT ABEO ABEO is a major player in the sports and leisure market. The Group posted turnover of € 238.8 million for the year ended 31 March 2023  74% of which was generated outside France  and has 1 446 employees.ABEO is a designer  manufacturer and distributor of sports and leisure equipment. It also provides assistance in implementing projects to professional customers in the following sectors: specialised sports halls and clubs  leisure centres  education  local authorities  construction professionals  etc.ABEO has a unique global offering  and operates in a wide variety of market segments  including gymnastics apparatus and landing mats  team sports equipment  physical education  climbing walls  leisure equipment and changing room fittings. The Group has a portfolio of strong brands which partner sports federations and are featured at major sporting events  including the Olympic Games.ABEO (ISIN code: FR0013185857  ABEO) is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C.ContactsFor any questions relating to this press release or the ABEO Group  please contact ACTUS finance & communicationInvestor relations – Corinne Puissant investor@beo.fr Tel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77Press relations – Serena Boni presse@beo.fr Tel: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: ypufk8qaaZyWnG+aaciWZ5dnmptilpTJbmLJlWNslczIbJ+Vm2tiZpWXZnFllmVq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84104-abeo_06022024_t3_2023_24_vdef_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.25,0.73,0.02,mixed,0.17,0.22,0.61,True,English,"['Q3 organic growth', 'cumulative order intake', 'Abeo Sa', 'February', '12:10', 'full 2023/24 financial year', 'strong 2023/24 third quarter', '2023/24 third quarter sales', '2022/23 third quarter', 'first nine months', 'constant consolidation scope', 'Cairo World Cup', 'Third quarter growth', 'leading global supplier', 'unique global offering', 'strong organic growth', 'changing room fittings', 'major sporting events', 'Corinne Puissant investor', '2023/24 nine-month revenue', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'LFL1 Q3 revenue', 'negative FX impact', 'American gymnastics federation', 'sluggish economic environment', 'market-leading gymnastics brand', 'first qualifying competition', 'less sustained growth', 'sales momentum indicator', 'previous financial year', 'specialised sports halls', 'Changing Rooms division', 'YTD order intake', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'The Sports division', 'Climbing division revenue', '2023/24 revenue', 'financial data', 'fourth quarter', 'strong brands', 'previous year', 'global economy', 'expected growth', 'major player', 'Investor relations', 'brisk sales', 'sustained business', 'leisure equipment', 'Official Supporter', 'Paris 2024 Olympic', 'Paralympic Games', '9-month revenue', 'currency fluctuations', 'business activities', 'aggregate value', 'US dollar', 'North America', 'new partnership', 'core businesses', 'competition equipment', '15-18 February', 'home territory', 'Next releases', 'leisure market', 'professional customers', 'following sectors', 'leisure centres', 'local authorities', 'construction professionals', 'wide variety', 'market segments', 'gymnastics apparatus', 'landing mats', 'Olympic Games', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment C.', 'press release', 'ACTUS finance', 'Press relations', 'Serena Boni', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'The Group', 'comparable period', 'relevant period', 'same period', 'climbing equipment', 'climbing walls', 'sports equipment', 'sports federations', 'Group markets', 'USA Gymnastics', 'slight slowdown', 'quarterly performance', 'physical education', 'Change Change', 'ABEO Group', 'ABEO ABEO', 'Unaudited', 'Sportainment', 'quantified', 'amount', 'orders', 'depreciation', 'Europe', 'ability', 'opportunities', 'Trends', 'outlook', 'signs', 'date', '31 December', 'uncertainty', 'recovery', 'Gymnova', '171 days', 'teams', 'expertise', 'basketball', 'success', 'athletes', 'quest', 'excellence', '14 May', 'close', 'trading', 'bourse', 'turnover', 'March', 'France', '1,446 employees', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'distributor', 'assistance', 'implementing', 'projects', 'clubs', 'portfolio', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'publication', 'ypufk8qaaZyWnG', 'aaciWZ5dnmptilpTJbmLJlWNslczIbJ', 'Vm2tiZpWXZnFllmVq', 'oth', '33']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GIVAUDAN-SA-2956033/news/Acquisition-by-Groupe-Berkem-of-Givaudan-s-Industrial-Site-in-Valencia-Spain-45889314/,Acquisition by Groupe Berkem of Givaudan's Industrial Site in Valencia (Spain),(marketscreener.com) Signature of a definitive agreement concerning the acquisition of Naturex Iberian Partners   which should be effective on May 31  2024The agreement provides for the transfer of production tools and teams  with Givaudan retaining it…,"Signature of a definitive agreement concerning the acquisition of Naturex Iberian Partners (Givaudan's industrial site in Valencia  Spain)  which should be effective on May 31  2024 The agreement provides for the transfer of production tools and teams  with Givaudan retaining its know-how and its product and customer portfolios Significantly strengthens the plant extraction production capacities of Groupe Berkem Postponement of Groupe Berkem’s 2025 profit targets to 2027  in view of investments planned to ensure the ramp-up of industrial facilitiesRegulatory News:Groupe Berkem  a leading player in bio-based chemistry (ISIN code: FR00140069V2 - Ticker: ALKEM)  today announced the signature of a definitive agreement with Givaudan  world leader in the creation of flavors and fragrances (ISIN code: CH0010645932 - Ticker: GIVN)  concerning the acquisition of Naturex Iberian Partners (Givaudan's industrial site in Valencia - Spain).Olivier FAHY  Chairman and CEO of Groupe Berkem  stated: ""We are delighted to welcome the teams from the Valencia site (Spain) to our Group  and to benefit from their proven expertise in plant extraction  strengthening the value proposition of our ""Health  Beauty and Nutrition"" division. This new  structural acquisition will enable us to pursue the internationalization drive initiated last year with our entry into North America. The site we are acquiring  in which we plan to make substantial investments  should enable us to reinforce our industrial facilities dedicated to plant extraction and significantly increase our production capacity to meet the growing demand from manufacturers for sustainable solutions.""Alex Wild  Head Operations Taste & Wellbeing of Givaudan  added: ""We are confident that the agreement reached today opens new horizons for the Valencia (Spain) industrial site and its teams. We are also delighted about the long-term partnership with Group Berkem that will enable continued production of our marine ingredients on the site to serve our customers for the years to come. Our teams will now work hand in hand to ensure a seamless transition  ensuring the continuity of our operations and the quality of our services.""Givaudan's site in Valencia (Spain) specializes in the extraction of plant and marine products for players in the food  nutrition (nutraceuticals) and cosmetics markets.With this acquisition  Groupe Berkem significantly increases its production capacity in plant extraction for the ""Health  Beauty and Nutrition"" division. It should be noted that as part of the sale of Givaudan's industrial site in Valencia (Spain) to Groupe Berkem  the marine ingredients production activity carried out for the Givaudan Group will continue in the form of a long-term partnership. 47 employees at the Valencia (Spain) site will also bolster Groupe Berkem's current workforce and expertise as part of this transaction.The acquisition will be 100% funded by the External Growth Credit Line contracted by Groupe Berkem on July 26  2022  and will be led by Berkem Développement (a 100% owned subsidiary of Groupe Berkem). The transfer of ownership of the shares should be completed on May 31  2024.In view of the investments that Groupe Berkem plans to make at its new production site  notably in capacity to ensure the gradual ramp-up of the site  and the additional operating and personnel expenses generated by this external growth transaction  the profit targets announced by the Group and revised on October 13  20231  are no longer valid. As a reminder  the Company was aiming for an EBITDA margin of around 25%  to be achieved by 2025. Groupe Berkem now expects to reach this target by 2027.ABOUT GROUPE BERKEMFounded in 1993 by Olivier Fahy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Groupe Berkem is a leading force in the bio-based chemicals market. Its mission is to advance the environmental transition of companies producing the chemicals used in everyday life (Construction & Materials  Health  Beauty & Nutrition  Hygiene & Protection  and Industry). By harnessing its expertise in both plant extraction and innovative formulations  Groupe Berkem has developed bio-based boosters—unique high-quality bio-based solutions augmenting the performance of synthetic molecules. Groupe Berkem achieved revenue of €52.4 million in 2023. The Group has almost 200 employees working at its head office (Blanquefort  Gironde) and 4 production facilities in Gardonne (Dordogne)  La Teste-de-Buch (Gironde)  Chartres (Eure-et-Loir)  Tonneins (Lot-et-Garonne).Groupe Berkem has been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since December 2021 (ISIN code: FR00140069V2 - ALKEM).www.groupeberkem.comABOUT GIVAUDANGivaudan is a global leader in Fragrance & Beauty and Taste & Wellbeing. We celebrate the beauty of human experience by creating for happier  healthier lives with love for nature. Together with our customers we deliver food experiences  craft inspired fragrances and develop beauty and wellbeing solutions that make people look and feel good. In 2023  Givaudan employed 16 260 people worldwide and achieved CHF 6.9 billion in sales with a free cash flow of 13.3%. With a heritage that stretches back over 250 years  we are committed to driving long-term  purpose-led growth by improving people’s health and happiness and increasing our positive impact on nature. This is Givaudan. Human by nature. Discover more at: www.givaudan.com.1 See Groupe Berkem’s press release of 13 October 2023.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240205141608/en/",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.15,0.26,True,English,"['Groupe Berkem', 'Industrial Site', 'Acquisition', 'Givaudan', 'Valencia', 'Spain', 'External Growth Credit Line', 'unique high-quality bio-based solutions', 'marine ingredients production activity', 'plant extraction production capacities', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Naturex Iberian Partners', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'happier, healthier lives', 'external growth transaction', 'Berkem Développement', 'bio-based chemicals market', 'Valencia (Spain) industrial site', 'Groupe Berkem Postponement', 'ABOUT GROUPE BERKEM', 'new production site', 'new, structural acquisition', 'bio-based chemistry', 'bio-based boosters', 'sustainable solutions', 'new horizons', 'marine products', 'production tools', 'continued production', '4 production facilities', 'industrial facilities', 'production capacity', 'customer portfolios', '2025 profit targets', 'Regulatory News', 'leading player', 'ISIN code', 'world leader', 'Olivier FAHY', 'value proposition', 'internationalization drive', 'North America', 'growing demand', 'Alex Wild', 'long-term partnership', 'seamless transition', 'cosmetics markets', 'current workforce', 'additional operating', 'personnel expenses', 'EBITDA margin', 'leading force', 'environmental transition', 'everyday life', 'innovative formulations', 'synthetic molecules', 'La Teste-de-Buch', 'global leader', 'human experience', 'wellbeing solutions', 'Group Berkem', 'The Group', 'definitive agreement', 'Nutrition"" division', 'gradual ramp-up', 'head office', 'food experiences', 'Valencia site', 'Spain) site', 'proven expertise', 'substantial investments', 'Operations Taste', 'Givaudan Group', 'Signature', 'May', 'transfer', 'teams', 'know-how', 'view', 'Ticker', 'ALKEM', 'creation', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'GIVN', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Beauty', 'entry', 'manufacturers', 'customers', 'years', 'hand', 'continuity', 'services', 'players', 'nutraceuticals', 'sale', '47 employees', 'July', '100% owned', 'subsidiary', 'ownership', 'shares', 'October', 'reminder', 'Company', 'mission', 'companies', 'Construction', 'Materials', 'Hygiene', 'Protection', 'Industry', 'performance', 'revenue', '200 employees', 'Blanquefort', 'Gironde', 'Gardonne', 'Dordogne', 'Chartres', 'Eure', 'Loir', 'Tonneins', 'Lot', 'Garonne', 'December', 'groupeberkem', 'love', 'people', 'CHF']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45889178/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -February 06  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EU…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 05 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6948 £ 24.7314 Estimated MTD return -0.20 % -0.18 % Estimated YTD return 0.53 % 0.66 % Estimated ITD return 176.95 % 147.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.12 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.07 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.6068 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.6066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'February', '01', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '3']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5309501486965195,Assystem and Dassault Systèmes Partner to Accelerate the Development of Advanced Modular Reactors,Experts in nuclear engineering projects and virtual twin technologies aim to drive the use of virtual twins in next-generation nuclear technology programs         Combining Dassault Syst&#xE8;mes&#x2019; 3DEXPERIENCE platform and Assystem&#x2019;s syst...,Assystem and Dassault Systèmes Partner to Accelerate the Development of Advanced Modular ReactorsExperts in nuclear engineering projects and virtual twin technologies aim to drive the use of virtual twins in next-generation nuclear technology programsCombining Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform and Assystem’s system engineering and project management services and support will help customers ensure program developmentInnovators gain access to a technology and methodology ecosystem that supports the sector's developmentDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) and Assystem  an international engineering  digital services and project management company  today announced their partnership to accelerate the development of advanced modular nuclear reactors that can produce efficient  safe and reliable energy.The two companies are combining their respective expertise in virtual twin technologies and nuclear engineering to drive the use of virtual twins by customers seeking to manage the complexity of their advanced modular reactor programs and address challenges across all program phases.Dassault Systèmes and Assystem will implement Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform and Assystem’s system engineering and project management services and support for customers. This will establish one collaborative virtual ecosystem in which a customer’s specific processes and methodologies are organized to ensure the data quality and traceability needed for the efficient design and delivery of an asset.“The complementarity between Assystem and Dassault Systèmes makes sense for the nuclear sector. Advanced modular reactor developers are introducing new concepts that can drive low-carbon energy efforts. Through our knowledge of nuclear projects  system engineering and software development  we can provide them with the infrastructure  services and support to scale their production and transform the sector ” said Christian Jeanneau  Executive Vice President  Digital & International  Assystem.“Our 3DEXPERIENCE platform has proven its versatility in responding to the unique needs of 12 industries served by Dassault Systèmes. Extending our long-standing partnership with Assystem to this strategic initiative will help innovators in the nuclear sector integrate best practices from other industries  industrialize their reactors  and rapidly introduce a new generation of advanced nuclear technologies ” said Florence Verzelen  Executive Vice President  Industry  Marketing & Sustainability  Dassault Systèmes.###About AssystemAssystem  one of the world's leading independent nuclear engineering companies  is committed to accelerating the energy transition. With more than 55 years of experience in highly regulated sectors with stringent safety and security constraints  the Group provides engineering services as well as digital solutions and services to optimize the performance of complex infrastructure assets throughout their life cycle.In its 12 countries of operation  Assystem’s 7 000 experts are supporting energy transition. To achieve an affordable low carbon energy supply  Assystem is committed to the development of low carbon electricity (nuclear  renewables and electricity grids) and clean hydrogen. The Group is also helping drive the use of low carbon electricity in industrial sectors such as transportation.Assystem is currently ranked in the top three nuclear engineering companies in the world.More information on www.assystem.comAbout Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE ® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all –consumers  patients and citizens. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240205700755/en/Assystem Press ContactsAnne-Charlotte DagornMarketing & Communication Director - Assystemacdagorn@assystem.comTel.: 06 83 03 70 29Maria Da SilvaAgence Prochesmaria.da-silva@agenceproches.comTel.: 07 60 70 23 16Dassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France  Arnaud MALHERBE  arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com   +33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North America  Natasha LEVANTI  natasha.levanti@3ds.com   +1 (508) 449 8097EMEA  Virginie BLINDENBERG  virginie.blindenberg@3ds.com   +33 (0) 1 61 62 84 21China  Grace MU  grace.mu@3ds.com   +86 10 6536 2288India  Kriti ASHOK  kriti.ashok@3ds.com   +91 9741310607Japan  Reina YAMAGUCHI  reina.yamaguchi@3ds.com   +81 3 4321 6650Korea  Jeemin JEONG  jeemin.jeong@3ds.com   +82 2 3271 6653,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes Partner', 'Advanced Modular Reactors', 'Assystem', 'Development', 'affordable low carbon energy supply', 'leading independent nuclear engineering companies', 'top three nuclear engineering companies', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'advanced modular reactor programs', 'Advanced modular reactor developers', 'Dassault Systèmes Partner', 'next-generation nuclear technology programs', 'one collaborative virtual ecosystem', 'advanced modular nuclear reactors', 'Advanced Modular Reactors', 'low carbon electricity', 'advanced nuclear technologies', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'Executive Vice President', 'virtual twin technologies', 'virtual twin experiences', 'low-carbon energy efforts', 'nuclear engineering projects', 'project management company', 'project management services', 'complex infrastructure assets', 'Assystem Press Contacts', 'Maria Da Silva', 'two companies', 'nuclear projects', 'companies registry', '3DEXPERIENCE ® Company', 'methodology ecosystem', 'system engineering', 'engineering services', 'virtual twins', 'reliable energy', 'energy transition', 'electricity grids', 'nuclear sector', 'European company', 'Euronext Paris', 'efficient, safe', 'respective expertise', 'program phases', 'specific processes', 'data quality', 'efficient design', 'new concepts', 'Christian Jeanneau', 'unique needs', 'strategic initiative', 'best practices', 'new generation', 'Florence Verzelen', 'regulated sectors', 'stringent safety', 'security constraints', 'life cycle', 'clean hydrogen', 'industrial sectors', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'human-centered economy', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'commercial trademarks', 'registered trademarks', 'Societas Europaea', 'French law', 'Versailles trade', 'United States', 'source version', 'Anne-Charlotte Dagorn', 'Communication Director', 'Agence Proches', 'digital services', 'digital solutions', 'long-standing partnership', 'The Group', 'More information', 'Experience Economy', '3DS logo', 'program development', 'software development', 'other industries', 'other countries', 'real world', 'Assystem acdagorn', '12 industries', '12 countries', '150 countries', 'Experts', 'use', 'support', 'customers', 'Innovators', 'access', 'DSY', 'complexity', 'challenges', 'methodologies', 'traceability', 'delivery', 'complementarity', 'sense', 'knowledge', 'production', 'International', 'versatility', 'Marketing', 'Sustainability', '55 years', 'performance', 'operation', 'renewables', 'transportation', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'creation', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'value', 'sizes', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'OUTSCALE', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'number', 'subsidiaries', 'Tel.', 'agenceproches', '©', '06']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,investorsobserver.com
35852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823964/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 05 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6948 £ 24.7314 Estimated MTD return -0.20 % -0.18 % Estimated YTD return 0.53 % 0.66 % Estimated ITD return 176.95 % 147.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.12 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.07 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.6068 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.6066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '3']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/06/massachusetts-financial-services-co-ma-sells-28024-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Sells 28 024 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA lessened its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 2.5% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 1 100 093 shares of the real…,Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA lessened its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 2.5% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 1 100 093 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 28 024 shares during the quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA owned approximately 0.63% of Public Storage worth $289 897 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Rathbones Group PLC boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 101.7% during the second quarter. Rathbones Group PLC now owns 3 267 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $954 000 after purchasing an additional 1 647 shares during the period. Savant Capital LLC lifted its stake in Public Storage by 9.7% in the second quarter. Savant Capital LLC now owns 1 162 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $339 000 after acquiring an additional 103 shares during the period. Petredis Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the second quarter worth $2 261 000. Apollon Wealth Management LLC lifted its stake in Public Storage by 48.7% in the second quarter. Apollon Wealth Management LLC now owns 1 291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $377 000 after acquiring an additional 423 shares during the period. Finally  GAM Holding AG purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the third quarter worth $7 850 000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Insider ActivityIn related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction dated Friday  November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total value of $98 148.00. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now directly owns 13 286 shares in the company  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available through this link. In related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction dated Wednesday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total value of $74 775.05. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now directly owns 13 021 shares in the company  valued at approximately $3 674 135.57. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available through this link. Also  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction dated Friday  November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total value of $98 148.00. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now owns 13 286 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $3 259 985.82. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 55 665 shares of company stock worth $15 268 673 over the last three months. 10.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders.Analyst Ratings ChangesA number of analysts recently commented on the company. The Goldman Sachs Group raised their price target on Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  January 11th. Evercore ISI increased their price objective on Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the stock an “in-line” rating in a report on Monday  November 27th. Truist Financial increased their price objective on Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday  December 28th. StockNews.com initiated coverage on Public Storage in a report on Saturday  October 21st. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company downgraded Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $270.00 to $280.00 in a report on Tuesday  December 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  Public Storage currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $296.25.Check Out Our Latest Report on PSAPublic Storage Price PerformanceShares of NYSE:PSA opened at $274.16 on Tuesday. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $316.48. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54  a current ratio of 0.98 and a quick ratio of 0.98. The business has a fifty day moving average price of $288.32 and a 200-day moving average price of $274.66. The company has a market capitalization of $48.21 billion  a PE ratio of 25.13  a PEG ratio of 3.86 and a beta of 0.55.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe business also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  December 28th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  December 13th were issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday  December 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.38%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is presently 109.99%.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Massachusetts Financial Services Co.', 'Public Storage', '28,024 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'fifty day moving average price', 'real estate investment trust', 'Petredis Investment Advisors LLC', 'Apollon Wealth Management LLC', 'Massachusetts Financial Services Co.', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', '200-day moving average price', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'Savant Capital LLC', 'Rathbones Group PLC', 'Other institutional investors', 'GAM Holding AG', 'last three months', 'One research analyst', 'average price target', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', 'equal weight” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage stock', 'Truist Financial', 'quarterly dividend', 'recent quarter', 'average rating', 'price objective', 'research note', 'Hedge funds', 'related news', 'total value', 'Exchange Commission', 'buy” rating', 'Evercore ISI', 'StockNews.com', 'Wells Fargo', 'overweight” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'third quarter', 'second quarter', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'Insider Activity', 'corporate insiders', 'additional 1,647 shares', 'additional 103 shares', 'additional 423 shares', 'Free Report', 'new stake', 'Latest Report', 'December 12th', 'NYSE:PSA', 'company stock', '1,100,093 shares', '28,024 shares', '3,267 shares', '1,162 shares', '1,291 shares', '400 shares', '13,286 shares', '265 shares', '13,021 shares', '55,665 shares', 'firm', 'positions', 'period', 'transaction', 'completion', 'sale', 'Securities', 'link', 'Wednesday', 'disclosure', 'number', 'analysts', 'Thursday', 'January', 'line', 'Monday', 'November', 'coverage', 'Saturday', 'October', 'Tuesday', 'data', 'debt', 'business', 'beta', 'Stockholders', 'record']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,etfdailynews.com
35854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7839233519243679,Wolters Kluwer survey shows accounting firms using cloud-based technology experience higher levels of growth,U.S. accounting industry&#x2019;s top priorities include revenue growth and improving client service and engagement  study also finds           Wolters Kluwer Tax &amp; Accounting&#x2019;s (TAA)   2024 US Accounting Industry Report   reveals that accou...,Wolters Kluwer survey shows accounting firms using cloud-based technology experience higher levels of growthU.S. accounting industry’s top priorities include revenue growth and improving client service and engagement  study also findsWolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting’s (TAA) 2024 US Accounting Industry Report reveals that accounting firms employing cloud-based technology solutions experience higher levels of growth  but many are still grappling with how to harness the full power of such tools for strategic benefit. The survey  which polled 1 776 tax and accounting firms of all sizes  also shows that modern accounting practices face a mix of internal and client-facing challenges.“The accounting industry is undergoing significant changes driven by advancing technologies such as generative AI  automation  and machine learning ” said Cathy Rowe  Senior Vice President and Segment Leader  US Professional Market  Wolters Kluwer TAA North America. “The future belongs to those who embrace technology and innovation as essential parts of their firm’s strategic plans for success.”Technology a key growth driverAdvancing technologies are continuing to revolutionize processes  enhance data accuracy  and reshape the traditional roles of accountants  necessitating a greater focus on advisory services and strategic financial guidance.For instance  cloud adoption and migration for various tools increased significantly in 2023  with the largest jump being a 19% year-over-year increase in firms reporting they've implemented crypto tax and accounting platforms. However  a very low number of firms – only 9% – believe they are maximizing the use and value of their current technology. Only 25% say they are seeing at least 75% of the value of their current technology.Top prioritiesNotably  a majority of firms reported an increase in revenue in 2023 (59%)  with 64% expressing extreme confidence in their firm's ability to meet customer needs. Looking to build on these successes  the survey reveals that the industry's top priorities for 2024 are increasing revenue (61%)  improving client service (50%)  and reducing costs (44%).Migration to the cloud remains a priority for firms  with survey respondents reporting the largest increase in cloud-based tools that we have seen in recent years. Firms are being rewarded for their shift to the cloud  as well  with 71% of cloud-based practices reporting improved profitability in 2023  compared to only 55% of respondents overall.Enduring challengesTop challenges that firms expect to face in the next one-to-three years include pricing and competitive fee pressures  completing work accurately and on time  staying up to date with technology  keeping track of changing legislation  and meeting client expectations.While post-pandemic economic uncertainty plagued firms in last year's survey  this year a new issue shot to the top of the list of concerns: pricing and competitive fee pressures. This sudden emphasis highlights the major impact of inflationary pressures and continued competitiveness from multiple directions in the past year  especially since the last time pricing or competition featured in the top five challenges for firms was 2015.Significant focus on top talentThe survey also shows that attracting and retaining the best talent to keep pace with the industry’s technological evolution remains a key issue. Large firms continue to identify attracting and retaining top talent as their top challenge. That is also the case for mid-sized firms  after a 16-point year-over-year increase (from 33% to 49%) in those citing it. Investing in technology might help with employee retention: more than half of respondents (54%) said technology has helped improve staff engagement.PLEASE NOTE: These materials are designed to provide accurate and authoritative information in regard to the subject matter covered. The information is provided with the understanding that Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting is not engaged in rendering tax advice or accounting  legal  tax or other professional services.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Facebook   and YouTube .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240206374643/en/Shannon WherryAssociate Director  External CommunicationsTax & AccountingWolters KluwerOffice: +1 972-209-2767,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.25,0.24,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer survey', 'accounting firms', 'cloud-based technology', 'higher levels', 'growth', 'Wolters Kluwer TAA North America', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'U.S. accounting industry', '2024 US Accounting Industry Report', 'US Professional Market', 'Senior Vice President', 'post-pandemic economic uncertainty', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'competitive fee pressures', 'other professional services', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'modern accounting practices', 'strategic financial guidance', 'Wolters Kluwer survey', 'key growth driver', 'top five challenges', 'cloud-based technology solutions', 'cloud-based practices', 'inflationary pressures', 'key issue', 'expert solutions', 'strategic benefit', 'strategic plans', 'client-facing challenges', 'Enduring challenges', 'Top challenges', 'accounting platforms', 'higher levels', 'top priorities', 'client service', 'full power', 'significant changes', 'generative AI', 'machine learning', 'Cathy Rowe', 'Segment Leader', 'essential parts', 'data accuracy', 'traditional roles', 'greater focus', 'largest jump', 'low number', 'extreme confidence', 'customer needs', 'recent years', 'three years', 'client expectations', 'last year', 'new issue', 'sudden emphasis', 'major impact', 'multiple directions', 'past year', 'Significant focus', 'top talent', 'best talent', 'technological evolution', 'employee retention', 'PLEASE NOTE', 'subject matter', 'global leader', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Shannon Wherry', 'Associate Director', 'External Communications', 'cloud-based tools', 'crypto tax', 'tax advice', 'advisory services', 'year increase', 'largest increase', 'various tools', 'current technology', 'specialized technology', 'Advancing technologies', 'last time', 'staff engagement', 'accounting firms', 'Large firms', 'mid-sized firms', 'legal, tax', 'cloud adoption', 'authoritative information', 'revenue growth', 'survey respondents', '1,776 tax', 'study', 'sizes', 'mix', 'internal', 'automation', 'future', 'innovation', 'success', 'processes', 'accountants', 'instance', 'migration', 'use', 'value', 'majority', 'ability', 'costs', 'priority', 'shift', 'next', 'pricing', 'work', 'date', 'track', 'changing', 'legislation', 'list', 'concerns', 'continued', 'competitiveness', 'competition', 'pace', 'case', '16-point', 'half', 'materials', 'accurate', 'regard', 'understanding', 'WKL', 'software', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire', 'news']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,investorsobserver.com
35855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/06/massachusetts-financial-services-co-ma-lowers-stock-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Lowers Stock Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA reduced its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 2.5% in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1 100 093 shar…,Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA reduced its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 2.5% in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1 100 093 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 28 024 shares during the period. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA owned 0.63% of Public Storage worth $289 897 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 1st quarter worth approximately $26 000. Focused Wealth Management Inc purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the 2nd quarter worth approximately $29 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth approximately $29 000. Glass Jacobson Investment Advisors llc purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the 2nd quarter worth approximately $34 000. Finally  Live Oak Investment Partners purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth approximately $34 000. 78.75% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.Get Public Storage alerts:Wall Street Analysts Forecast GrowthSeveral analysts have commented on PSA shares. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 target price for the company. Evercore ISI boosted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a research note on Monday  November 27th. StockNews.com assumed coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating for the company. The Goldman Sachs Group boosted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  January 11th. Finally  Truist Financial boosted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  December 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $296.25.Public Storage Stock Down 2.3 %Shares of Public Storage stock opened at $274.16 on Tuesday. The company has a fifty day moving average price of $288.32 and a 200 day moving average price of $274.66. The company has a current ratio of 0.98  a quick ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $233.18 and a twelve month high of $316.48. The stock has a market cap of $48.21 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.13  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 3.86 and a beta of 0.55.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  December 28th. Investors of record on Wednesday  December 13th were given a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday  December 12th. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.38%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 109.99%.Insider Buying and SellingIn related news  Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian sold 5 000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday  November 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $259.35  for a total transaction of $1 296 750.00. Following the completion of the sale  the director now directly owns 30 163 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $7 822 774.05. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC  which can be accessed through the SEC website. In other Public Storage news  Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian sold 5 000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday  November 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $259.35  for a total value of $1 296 750.00. Following the transaction  the director now owns 30 163 shares in the company  valued at approximately $7 822 774.05. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is accessible through this link. Also  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday  November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total transaction of $98 148.00. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now owns 13 286 shares in the company  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months  insiders sold 55 665 shares of company stock valued at $15 268 673. Company insiders own 10.90% of the company’s stock.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Massachusetts Financial Services Co.', 'Stock Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Glass Jacobson Investment Advisors llc', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'Wall Street Analysts Forecast Growth', 'Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA', 'fifty day moving average price', 'Focused Wealth Management Inc', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'real estate investment trust', 'Live Oak Investment Partners', 'Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', '200 day moving average price', 'other Public Storage news', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'last three months', 'recent 13F filing', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'One research analyst', 'Other institutional investors', 'twelve month low', 'average price target', 'Public Storage alerts', 'dividend payout ratio', 'recent SEC filing', 'Public Storage Stock', 'Truist Financial', 'Several analysts', 'related news', '$250.00 target price', 'average rating', 'price objective', 'Insider Buying', 'quarterly dividend', 'research note', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'earnings ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'NYSE:PSA', 'Free Report', '3rd quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'new position', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'hedge funds', 'Evercore ISI', 'StockNews.com', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'ex-dividend date', 'annualized basis', 'total value', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'sell” rating', 'buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'new stake', 'SEC website', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'total transaction', 'November 20th', 'PSA shares', 'Company insiders', 'company stock', '$12.00 dividend', '1,100,093 shares', '28,024 shares', '5,000 shares', '30,163 shares', '400 shares', '13,286 shares', '55,665 shares', 'period', 'holdings', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'January', 'line', 'Monday', 'Saturday', 'Thursday', 'December', 'data', 'debt', 'beta', 'firm', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'yield', 'DPR', 'Selling', 'completion', 'sale', 'business', 'document', 'link', 'Friday', 'disclosure', 'member']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,etfdailynews.com
35856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-survey-shows-accounting-firms-using-cloud-based-technology-experience-higher-levels-o-45892931/,Wolters Kluwer survey shows accounting firms using cloud-based technology experience higher levels of growth,(marketscreener.com) U.S. accounting industry’s top priorities include revenue growth and improving client service and engagement  study also findshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-survey-shows-accounting-fi…,U.S. accounting industry’s top priorities include revenue growth and improving client service and engagement  study also findsWolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting’s (TAA) 2024 US Accounting Industry Report reveals that accounting firms employing cloud-based technology solutions experience higher levels of growth  but many are still grappling with how to harness the full power of such tools for strategic benefit. The survey  which polled 1 776 tax and accounting firms of all sizes  also shows that modern accounting practices face a mix of internal and client-facing challenges.“The accounting industry is undergoing significant changes driven by advancing technologies such as generative AI  automation  and machine learning ” said Cathy Rowe  Senior Vice President and Segment Leader  US Professional Market  Wolters Kluwer TAA North America. “The future belongs to those who embrace technology and innovation as essential parts of their firm’s strategic plans for success.”Technology a key growth driverAdvancing technologies are continuing to revolutionize processes  enhance data accuracy  and reshape the traditional roles of accountants  necessitating a greater focus on advisory services and strategic financial guidance.For instance  cloud adoption and migration for various tools increased significantly in 2023  with the largest jump being a 19% year-over-year increase in firms reporting they've implemented crypto tax and accounting platforms. However  a very low number of firms – only 9% – believe they are maximizing the use and value of their current technology. Only 25% say they are seeing at least 75% of the value of their current technology.Top prioritiesNotably  a majority of firms reported an increase in revenue in 2023 (59%)  with 64% expressing extreme confidence in their firm's ability to meet customer needs. Looking to build on these successes  the survey reveals that the industry's top priorities for 2024 are increasing revenue (61%)  improving client service (50%)  and reducing costs (44%).Migration to the cloud remains a priority for firms  with survey respondents reporting the largest increase in cloud-based tools that we have seen in recent years. Firms are being rewarded for their shift to the cloud  as well  with 71% of cloud-based practices reporting improved profitability in 2023  compared to only 55% of respondents overall.Enduring challengesTop challenges that firms expect to face in the next one-to-three years include pricing and competitive fee pressures  completing work accurately and on time  staying up to date with technology  keeping track of changing legislation  and meeting client expectations.While post-pandemic economic uncertainty plagued firms in last year's survey  this year a new issue shot to the top of the list of concerns: pricing and competitive fee pressures. This sudden emphasis highlights the major impact of inflationary pressures and continued competitiveness from multiple directions in the past year  especially since the last time pricing or competition featured in the top five challenges for firms was 2015.Significant focus on top talentThe survey also shows that attracting and retaining the best talent to keep pace with the industry’s technological evolution remains a key issue. Large firms continue to identify attracting and retaining top talent as their top challenge. That is also the case for mid-sized firms  after a 16-point year-over-year increase (from 33% to 49%) in those citing it. Investing in technology might help with employee retention: more than half of respondents (54%) said technology has helped improve staff engagement.PLEASE NOTE: These materials are designed to provide accurate and authoritative information in regard to the subject matter covered. The information is provided with the understanding that Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting is not engaged in rendering tax advice or accounting  legal  tax or other professional services.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240206374643/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.24,0.29,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer survey', 'accounting firms', 'cloud-based technology', 'higher levels', 'growth', 'Wolters Kluwer TAA North America', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'U.S. accounting industry', '2024 US Accounting Industry Report', 'US Professional Market', 'Senior Vice President', 'post-pandemic economic uncertainty', 'deep domain knowledge', 'competitive fee pressures', 'other professional services', 'modern accounting practices', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'key growth driver', 'strategic financial guidance', 'top five challenges', 'cloud-based technology solutions', 'cloud-based practices', 'inflationary pressures', 'key issue', 'expert solutions', 'strategic benefit', 'strategic plans', 'client-facing challenges', 'Enduring challenges', 'Top challenges', 'accounting platforms', 'top priorities', 'client service', 'higher levels', 'full power', 'significant changes', 'generative AI', 'machine learning', 'Cathy Rowe', 'Segment Leader', 'essential parts', 'data accuracy', 'traditional roles', 'greater focus', 'largest jump', 'crypto tax', 'low number', 'extreme confidence', 'customer needs', 'cloud-based tools', 'recent years', 'three years', 'client expectations', 'last year', 'new issue', 'sudden emphasis', 'major impact', 'multiple directions', 'past year', 'Significant focus', 'top talent', 'best talent', 'technological evolution', 'employee retention', 'PLEASE NOTE', 'subject matter', 'tax advice', 'global leader', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'advisory services', 'year increase', 'largest increase', 'various tools', 'current technology', 'specialized technology', 'accounting firms', 'Advancing technologies', 'last time', 'staff engagement', 'legal, tax', 'revenue growth', 'cloud adoption', 'Large firms', 'mid-sized firms', 'authoritative information', 'survey respondents', '1,776 tax', 'study', 'sizes', 'mix', 'internal', 'automation', 'future', 'innovation', 'success', 'processes', 'accountants', 'instance', 'migration', 'use', 'value', 'majority', 'ability', 'costs', 'priority', 'shift', 'next', 'pricing', 'work', 'date', 'track', 'changing', 'legislation', 'list', 'concerns', 'continued', 'competitiveness', 'competition', 'pace', 'case', '16-point', 'half', 'materials', 'accurate', 'regard', 'understanding', 'WKL', 'software', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-secures-USD-60-million-financing-from-Eiffel-Investment-Group-for-its-inaugural-project-45889420/,Waga Energy secures USD $60 million financing from Eiffel Investment Group for its inaugural projects in the US,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyWaga Energy secures USD $60 million financing from Eiffel Investment Group for its inaugural projects in the US 06-Feb-2024 / 08:07 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The i…,"PRESS RELEASEEybens (France)  February 7th  2024Waga Energy secures USD $60 millionfinancing from Eiffel Investment Groupfor its inaugural projects in the United StatesWaga Energy Inc.  the US subsidiary of the Waga Energy Group  has secured USD $60 million financing with asset manager Eiffel Investment Group to finance the construction of four renewable natural gas (RNG) production units in the United States. This is the first financing Waga Energy has secured in the United States.A committed player in the energy transition  Waga Energy (EPA: WAGA) is deploying an innovative purification technology worldwide  known as ""WAGABOX® "" to produce renewable natural gas (RNG) – a substitute for fossil natural gas – from landfill gas.In recent months  the Group has made a major breakthrough in the United States  where seven large-capacity units are currently under construction. To finance its growth in this strategic market  the Group's fully-owned US subsidiary Waga Energy Inc.  has secured USD $60 million financing with Eiffel Investment Group  an asset manager with close to €6 billion in assets under management (AuM) (as of 12/31/2023  uncalled commitments included).This operation will finance the first four projects of Waga Energy in the United States  including the WAGABOX® unit – in its final construction phase – in Steuben County  Bath (New York State). Once up and running  these four units will be able to produce a combined 1 980 000 MMBtu (495 GWh) of RNG per year  avoiding over 120 000 tons of eqCO2 annually  equivalent to cutting emissions from 140 million gallons of gasoline based on the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) calculation methodology[1].This is the second time Waga Energy and Eiffel Investment Group have partnered up. In 2020  the Eiffel Gaz Vert (Eiffel Green Gas) fund granted Waga Energy bond financing of €20 million to fund the construction of four WAGABOX® units in France. This financing was fully repaid in 2022.Guénaël Prince  CEO  Waga Energy USA:""Eiffel's support will enable us to accelerate the rollout of the WAGABOX® solution in the United States. We are pleased to further our partnership kick-started in 2020  at the service of the energy transition and the fight against global warming. We also want to sincerely thank the Eiffel teams for their renewed trust  responsiveness and professionalism.""Pierre-Antoine Machelon  Managing Director  Eiffel Investment Group: ""On the back of financing that has tripled from 2020  we are thrilled to help accelerate the growth of Waga Energy and its North America team. Since 2019  Eiffel has implemented an RNG-focused strategy in agriculture  industry and waste recovery  particularly through the Eiffel Gaz Vert fund. By financing these four fully secured projects  Eiffel is proud to expand its operations in the United States and contribute towards reducing global methane emissions – a target reiterated at the COP28 summit.""About Eiffel Investment GroupEiffel Investment Group is an asset manager with close to €6 billion under management[2] and expertise in the energy transition. Eiffel Investment Group cultivates a strong industrial expertise. The Group finances companies and their assets through private debt and private equity. Eiffel Investment Group invests for a sustainable world. Its investment strategies aim to generate not only a strong financial performance but also positive social and environmental impacts. Its customer base comprises large institutional investors (insurance companies  mutual insurers  pension funds  banks  family offices  public investors  etc.) as well as retail investors via intermediated distribution networks. Eiffel Investment Group has a team of some 100 talented professionals who are mainly based in France.About Waga EnergyWaga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas – RNG – (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas distribution networks that supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for fossil natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it produces or by offering a purification service. As of the date of this press release  Waga Energy operates nineteen WAGABOX® units in France  Spain and Canada  representing an installed capacity of 690 GWh per year (2 355 000 MMBtu). Sixteen units are under construction in France  Canada and the US. Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy is listed on Euronext Paris.",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['USD $60 million financing', 'Eiffel Investment Group', 'Waga Energy', 'inaugural projects', 'United States Environmental Protection Agency', 'Guénaël Prince', 'asset manager Eiffel Investment Group', 'Eiffel Gaz Vert fund', 'Eiffel Green Gas) fund', 'four renewable natural gas', 'Waga Energy bond financing', 'fossil natural gas', 'New York State', 'strong financial performance', 'intermediated distribution networks', 'gas distribution networks', 'innovative purification technology', 'patented purification technology', 'seven large-capacity units', 'large institutional investors', 'PRESS RELEASE Eybens', 'North America team', 'strong industrial expertise', 'USD $60 million financing', 'nineteen WAGABOX® units', 'EPA) calculation methodology', 'Waga Energy Inc.', 'Waga Energy USA', 'final construction phase', 'four WAGABOX® units', 'global methane emissions', 'Waga Energy Group', 'first four projects', 'RNG) production units', 'environmental impacts', 'four units', 'investment strategies', 'landfill gas', 'raw gas', 'Eiffel teams', 'The Group', '140 million gallons', 'first financing', 'Sixteen units', 'global warming', 'public investors', 'retail investors', 'energy transition', 'WAGABOX® solution', 'purification service', 'inaugural projects', 'committed player', 'recent months', 'major breakthrough', 'strategic market', 'uncalled commitments', 'Steuben County', 'second time', 'Pierre-Antoine Machelon', 'Managing Director', 'RNG-focused strategy', 'waste recovery', 'COP28 summit', 'private debt', 'private equity', 'sustainable world', 'positive social', 'customer base', 'mutual insurers', 'pension funds', 'family offices', '100 talented professionals', 'long-term contracts', 'landfill operators', 'installed capacity', 'Euronext Paris', 'US subsidiary', 'insurance companies', 'France', 'February', 'substitute', 'growth', 'assets', 'management', 'AuM', 'operation', 'Bath', '1,980,000 MMBtu', '95 GWh', 'year', '120,000 tons', 'eqCO2', 'gasoline', 'CEO', 'support', 'rollout', 'partnership', 'fight', 'trust', 'responsiveness', 'professionalism', 'back', 'agriculture', 'industry', 'target', 'banks', 'biomethane', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'supply', 'income', 'date', 'Spain', 'Canada', '690 GWh']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LINEDATA-SERVICES-4770/news/Linedata-Services-2023-revenue-183-3m-6-1--45895035/,Linedata Services: 2023 revenue -February 06  2024 at 11:47 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Linedata ServicesLinedata Services: 2023 revenue: €183.3m 06-Feb-2024 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.…,2023 revenue: €183.3m (+6.1%)In €m 2022 2023 Change Change at constant structure and exchange rates ASSET MANAGEMENT 117.5 122.1 +3.9% +6.1% LENDING & LEASING 55.1 61.2 +10.9% +6.4% TOTAL LINEDATA 172.7 183.3 +6.1% +6.2%Rounded  unaudited figures (€m)Neuilly-sur-Seine  6 February 2024 – Linedata (LIN:FP) reported full-year 2023 revenue of €183.3m  an increase of 6.1% compared to 2022. At constant structure and exchange rates  organic growth was 6.2%  driven by momentum in all Linedata businesses. The Group posted organic revenue growth for the third consecutive year.Recurring revenue for the fiscal year was €137.5m  representing 75% of total revenue. On a comparable basis  recurring revenue was up €4.7m  mainly driven by service activities in Asset Management  and Lending & Leasing.In Q4 2023  bookings accelerated to €25.4m  representing a €6.2m increase versus the same period last year which was largely due to the Lending & Leasing segment. Full year bookings were up nearly 22%  at €75.6m  versus €62.0m in 2022.Performance by segment:ASSET MANAGEMENT (Q1: €29.1m  +6.3%; Q2: €30.5m  +3.9%; Q3: €30.4m  +6.1%; Q4: €32.2m  +0.0%)Revenue generated in the Asset Management segment increased to €122.1m  representing organic growth of 6.1%. In reported data  the increase is 3.9% due to a negative currency impact on the year  particularly on the dollar. Commercial activity surged  with full-year bookings up 13.3%  at €43.0m.Revenue of the Software segment came to €89.2m  slightly down by 1.2% on a reported basis and stable at constant exchange rates.AMP platform migration projects continued at a brisk pace  enabling Front Office solutions to post organic growth of +€3.5m. Furthermore  in the United Kingdom  Linedata successfully deployed the first phase of a new contract signed in early 2022 with a global player in Asset Management. The performance of the Front Office and the dynamism of the projects in the field of «Transfer Agency» made it possible to compensate for the income decline in Fund Services.2023 saw the Services sub-segment continue its robust momentum  with revenue up 20.9% in reported terms versus the same period last year. This continued upward trend further illustrates Linedata's sound positioning in co-sourcing for the investment management market. As a result  revenue for this activity has nearly doubled in three years  up from €17.0m in 2020 to €32.9m in 2023.LENDING & LEASING (Q1: €13.4m  +5.0%; Q2: €14.5m  +7.8%; Q3: €14.2m  +6.6%  Q4: €19.1m  +22.0%)Revenue for the Lending & Leasing segment amounted to €61.2m in 2023  up 10.9% in reported terms. Excluding perimeter and currency effects  revenue was up 6.4%  propelled by a major project signed by Linedata Ekip360 in Q4 2023. Full-year bookings came in at €32.6m  versus €24.1m in 2022  representing an increase of 35.4%.With the successful integration of Audaxys  a company acquired in Portugal in early 2023  Linedata is in line with its development plan in Southern Europe.OutlookLinedata expects its operating profit to improve during the second half of 2023.Next communication: Full-year 2023 results  13 February 2024  after trading.ABOUT LINEDATAWith 25 years’ experience and 700+ clients in 50 countries  Linedata’s 1200 employees in 20 offices provide global humanized technology solutions and services for the asset management and credit industries that help its clients to evolve and to operate at the highest levels.Headquartered in France  Linedata achieved revenues of EUR 183.3 million in 2023 and is listed on Euronext Paris compartment B FR0004156297-LIN – Reuters LDSV.PA – Bloomberg LIN:FPwww.linedata.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Linedata Services', '2023 revenue', 'February', 'AMP platform migration projects', 'global humanized technology solutions', 'Euronext Paris compartment', 'negative currency impact', 'Front Office solutions', 'investment management market', 'third consecutive year', 'Full year bookings', 'constant exchange rates', 'Asset Management segment', 'organic revenue growth', 'global player', 'organic growth', 'currency effects', 'constant structure', 'fiscal year', 'Change Change', 'unaudited figures', 'The Group', 'service activities', 'same period', 'full-year bookings', 'Software segment', 'brisk pace', 'United Kingdom', 'first phase', 'new contract', 'Transfer Agency', 'income decline', 'upward trend', 'sound positioning', 'three years', 'major project', 'successful integration', 'development plan', 'Southern Europe', 'operating profit', 'second half', 'Next communication', 'Full-year 2023 results', '25 years’ experience', 'credit industries', 'highest levels', 'Reuters LDSV', 'LIN:FP', 'Fund Services', 'Services sub-segment', 'Bloomberg LIN', 'full-year 2023 revenue', 'Recurring revenue', 'total revenue', 'comparable basis', 'Commercial activity', 'robust momentum', '700+ clients', 'Leasing segment', 'TOTAL LINEDATA', 'Linedata businesses', '€6.2m increase', 'Linedata Ekip360', 'LENDING', 'Rounded', 'Seine', 'February', 'Q4', 'Performance', 'Q3', 'dollar', 'early', 'dynamism', 'field', 'terms', 'sourcing', 'perimeter', 'Audaxys', 'company', 'Portugal', 'Outlook', 'trading', '50 countries', '1200 employees', '20 offices', 'France', 'revenues']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQUASENS-23277319/news/Equasens-2023-revenue-219-7m-2-6-45895141/,Equasens: 2023 revenue -February 06  2024 at 12:01 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Villers-lès-Nancy  6 February 2024 - 6:00 p.m. PRESS RELEASE 2023 revenue: €219.7m  +2.6% Equasens Group reported growth in annual revenue  despite an unfavourable comparison base from the Ségur French Digital Healthcare investment progra…,"Villers-lès-Nancy  6 February 2024 - 6:00 p.m. (CET)PRESS RELEASE2023 revenue: €219.7m  +2.6%Equasens Group reported growth in annual revenue  despite an unfavourable comparison base from the Ségur French Digital Healthcare investment programme combined with difficult economic conditions  particularly in the pharmacy sector.Consolidated revenueIn €m 2023 2022 Change2023 / 2022 Q1 56.3 49.4 14.0% (*) Q2 56.4 54.2 4.0% Q3 50.1 50.1 0.0% Q4 57.0 60.4 -5.5% 12 month YTD 219.7 (**) 214.1 +2.6%(*) Strong growth in Q1 reflecting a favourable comparison base (restructuring of the electronic labelling activity).(**) unauditedLike-for-like  excluding Ségur-related sales and external growth  2023 revenue rose 3.3% to €213.6m.Like-for-like revenueIn €m 2023 2022 Change2023 / 2022 Q1 54.8 49.4 11.1% (*) Q2 54.8 52.8 3.8% Q3 48.1 49.0 -1.8% Q4 55.8 55.6 0.4% 12 month YTD 213.6 (**) 206.8 +3.3%(*) Strong growth in Q1 reflecting a favourable comparison base (restructuring of the electronic labelling activity).(**) unauditedAs a reminder  Equasens Group completed the following acquisitions in 2023:In April: 100% of PRATILOG  an independent software vendor operating in the medical and paramedical sector. 100% of SPEECH2SENSE  a start-up specialising in speech recognition technology and mobile solutions for the healthcare sector. 100% of ATOOPHARM  a specialist in e-learning solutions for retail pharmacies.In November: 95% of ADV (now PHARMAGEST Germany)  a software publisher of pharmacy management applications in Germany and its subsidiary OPTIPHARM.In December: 70% of DIGIPHARMACIE  an expert in digital and invoice management solutions for pharmacies.____________2023 highlightsEquasens Group reported annual revenue of €219.7m  up 2.6% from 2022. In the last quarter  revenue declined 5.5% from Q4 2022 to €57m in response to a number of factors:An unfavourable comparison base reflecting the completed rollout of solutions under the Ségur investment programme resulting in a decline of €4.6m in Q4 and €4.1m for the full year.A 2.3% decline in the sales for the year  reflecting a wait-and-see attitude by healthcare professionals in an economic climate impacted by inflation and rising interest rates.Conversely:The positive contribution of acquisitions  and in particular ATOOPHARM (e-learning platform)  representing €2.9m for the year.9.2% growth in recurring revenues (maintenance and subscriptions) for the year  driven by indexation and subscription sales for new SaaS solutions.These developments confirm the validity of Equasens Group's development strategy focused on SaaS solutions and high added-value services.The Pharmagest Division had annual revenue of €162.7m in 2023  up 2.8% from the prior year. Revenue in Q4 declined 4.5% to €42.1m.This Division accounted for 74% of Equasens Group's total revenue.In France   revenue for the year rose 1.7% to €145.8m. This increase included a 6.1% decline in Q4 from the same quarter one year earlier to €38.0m. The Division was the most affected in terms of value by the end of the Ségur rollout and the economic context for pharmacies in France and the rest of Europe.  revenue for the year rose 1.7% to €145.8m. This increase included a 6.1% decline in Q4 from the same quarter one year earlier to €38.0m.Nevertheless  in a difficult economic climate and faced with a growing number of pharmacy closures  the Division was able to win over 300 new customers in 2023  helped by an increase in the expertise of the sales force and functional upgrades to business software.The new mobile app (id.Mobile launched in Q2 2023  which frees up pharmacists' sales staff from counter task duties)  and the secure external SaaS backup solution (id.Safe launched in Q1 2023) and Business Intelligence (id.Décisionnel launched in Q3 2023) had attracted more than 1000 customers by December 31  2023.In Italy   full-year sales rose 14.1% to €11.8m  with a particularly strong 16% increase in Q4. The investment plan implemented to strengthen the pharmacy sales and customer service staff has started to produce results.  full-year sales rose 14.1% to €11.8m  with a particularly strong 16% increase in Q4.The new version of the id. software has enabled us to add more than 120 new pharmacies  driving a 53% increase in pharmacy sales.Software solutions for wholesaler-distributors grew by 6.5%.Activity in Belgium is back on track with annual sales up 4.1% to €2.6m. The restructuring of sales operations contributed to the stabilization of both the product mix and the customer base in 2023.is back on track with annual sales up 4.1% to €2.6m.The Compliance Business Unit reported solid growth  with annual sales of €2.3m (+21.4%) with a 29.9% increase in Q4 alone. As the population ages  the issue of medication compliance and safety is becoming increasingly important. i-Meds  the German subsidiary  which markets the patented MultiMeds blister pack  provides a perfect response to this need.reported solid growth  with annual sales of €2.3m (+21.4%) with a 29.9% increase in Q4 alone.The Axigate Link Division had annual revenue of €31.1m at 31 December 2023  a 2.9% increase from one year earlier. In Q4 alone  sales fell by 3.8% to €8.9m.This Division accounted for 14.2% of Equasens Group's total revenue.The nursing home business delivered the strongest performance  with full-year growth of 5.4% to €17.5m  despite a 3.8% decline in Q4 to €4.5m. The TITANLINK SaaS solution was successfully launched  with over 350 sites up and running by December 31  2023.120 establishments selected our solutions.A record number of signatures with the addition 22 health and medical-social care service clusters formed to secure public funding for the modernisation of their information systems.A successful year in Belgium marked by the signature of 40 new establishments.Hospital-at-Home revenue declined 6.5% for the full year to €5.9m and 14.9% in Q4 to €1.6m. Nevertheless  this business unit successfully added nearly 40 new sites  including the HaH system of the Île-de-France Public University Hospital (2nd largest in France)  after already equipping the Fondation Santé Service in 2016  France's leading provider of home hospital care.Revenue from the Hospital segment declined 16.2% for the full year to €4.4m and 13.9% in Q4 to €1m. This Business Unit implemented a new mid-market strategy which led to the signing of 4 new hospitals.All the other activities of the Division registered growth.The E-Connect Division had revenue of €15m at 31 December 2023  up 11.2% from one year earlier. Revenue in the last quarter rose 3.7% to €3.3m.This Division accounted for 6.8% of Equasens Group's total revenue.KAPELSE recorded strong annual growth (+11%)  driven by increased demand for transaction reading and security equipment for health insurance smarts cards  particularly for mobile applications.The European rollout of NOVIAcare® teleassistance solution (homecare for the elderly) has started  beginning with Holland and Belgium. In this context  it intends to participate in the ""Wallonia-Digital Home Assistance"" programme designed to delay or avoid the institutionalization of the elderly  entailing the potential deployment of 15 000 digital assistance devices split between several service providers. Thus far  nearly 500 NOVIAcare® boxes have already been delivered in these two countries.The Medical Solutions Division had annual revenue of €8.9m  down 12.4% on 2022. This decline reflects the comparison base from the completed deployment of the Ségur programme functionalities which adversely impacted the fourth quarter (-35.6%).This Division accounted for 4% of Equasens Group's total revenue.At the same time  the Segur rollout enabled the Division to update its installed base for Médistory 4 version by integrating the ETHEREGO subscription offer. As a result  today over 85% of our private practice GPs and specialist customers have now been upgraded to version 4 of the software.The integration of the PRATILOG and SPEECH2SENSE acquisitions has enabled the Division to offer a complete ecosystem of solutions and services to private practitioners and health service workers.The Division therefore has a global strategy for healthcare professionals:Private practitioners working in office-based settings or hospitals with the Médistory solution produced by PROKOV EDITIONS with an installed base of more than 9 000 doctors and 13 000 users;Collaborative medical structures (multidisciplinary facilities and health centres) with Medilink developed by ICT  which equips more than 4 000 healthcare professionals and over 350 structures;Medical support professionals (nurses  physiotherapists) with the Kinépratik and Infipratik solutions developed by PRATILOG and used by more than 1 700 healthcare professionals.SPEECH2SENSE  the Ai-based speech recognition technology which will enhance all the Division's products and add value to its business applications. This application is destined to facilitate the work of healthcare professionals  provide time savings for improved patient care. Synergies are also expected with all the Group's divisions.The Fintech Division had annual revenue of €2.0m  up 1.8%  and Q4 growth of 22.9% to €0.6m.This Division accounted for 1% of Equasens Group's total revenue.The Division took advantage of 2023 to put its business back on track and realign its activities with the Group's strategy  and is now focusing primarily on the healthcare professions.Despite a difficult year caused by higher financing rates  it was successful in maintaining revenue on track.2024 outlookMacroeconomic conditions in 2024 are looking more favourable  as inflation declines  financing rates come down  and pharmacy sales are expected to pick up in the first half. This should contribute to growth in consumer spending  which in turn should facilitate investments by healthcare professionals.Equasens Group is continuing to invest heavily in R&D in order to develop innovative offerings and introduce new products and services for healthcare professionals. In 2023  the Group' efforts were particularly focused on developing a digital payment offering  scheduled to be launched in March 2024 at the Pharmagora trade show.The company's recent acquisition of a majority stake in DIGIPHARMACIE will enhance its offering for pharmacists by integrating a digital invoicing platform providing an interface between pharmacists  the pharmaceutical industry and external accountants. Synergies with the Group's other activities will also contribute to the growth of this Paris-based start-up.The acquisition of a German software publisher (ADV  now Pharmagest Germany) and a 100% stake in CareMeds (Axigate Link Division) in the United Kingdom further strengthen the Group's presence in Europe and will provide opportunities for growth in the short and medium term.Financial calendar:2023 annual results: March 29  20242023 annual results analyst meeting (SFAF): 2 April 2024  ParisQ1 2024 Revenue: 7 May 2024Q2 2024 Revenue: 2 August 2024About EquasensGroupWith more than 1 200 employees fulfilling a vital role as “Citizens in the Service of Health and Well-Being”  Equasens Group is today a key player in the European healthcare sector  providing software solutions to all healthcare professionals (pharmacists  primary care practitioners  hospitals  Hospital-at-Home structures  retirement homes  health centres) in both primary and secondary care sectors.With operations in in France  Germany  Great Britain  Belgium  Ireland  Italy  and Luxembourg  Equasens Group today brings together healthcare professionals within a unique ecosystem in France and Europe benefiting people by making available the very best of technology.Listed on Euronext Paris™ - Compartment BIndexes: MSCI GLOBAL SMALL CAP - GAÏA Index 2020 - CAC® SMALL and CAC® All-TradableIncluded in the Euronext Tech Leaders segment and the European Rising Tech labelEligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (“Service à Réglement Différé” - SRD) and equity savings accounts invested in small and mid caps (PEA-PME).ISIN: FR 0012882389 – Ticker Code: EQSGet all the news about the Equasens Group www.equasens.com and on LinkedInCONTACTSAnalyst and Investor Relations:Chief Administrative and Financial Officer : Frédérique SchmidtTel: +33 (0)3 83 15 90 67 - frederique.schmidt@equasens.comMedia Relations:FIN’EXTENSO - Isabelle AprileTel.: +33 (0)6 17 38 61 78 - i.aprile@finextenso.frAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.2,0.29,True,English,"['Equasens', '2023 revenue', 'February', '12:01', 'Ségur French Digital Healthcare investment programme', 'secure external SaaS backup solution', 'Ségur investment programme', 'The Compliance Business Unit', 'Ségur rollout', 'Ségur-related sales', 'speech recognition technology', 'rising interest rates', 'high added-value services', 'counter task duties', 'MultiMeds blister pack', 'unfavourable comparison base', 'difficult economic conditions', 'customer service staff', 'electronic labelling activity', 'independent software vendor', 'pharmacy management applications', 'invoice management solutions', ""pharmacists' sales staff"", 'difficult economic climate', 'new mobile app', 'new SaaS solutions', 'The Pharmagest Division', 'investment plan', 'healthcare sector', 'healthcare professionals', 'customer base', 'external growth', 'medication compliance', 'business software', 'Business Intelligence', 'mobile solutions', 'economic context', 'new version', 'Software solutions', 'pharmacy sales', 'pharmacy sector', 'software publisher', 'pharmacy closures', 'id. software', 'learning solutions', 'subscription sales', 'sales force', 'full-year sales', 'annual sales', 'sales operations', 'Villers-lès-Nancy', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Equasens Group', 'paramedical sector', 'PHARMAGEST Germany', 'last quarter', 'positive contribution', 'learning platform', 'recurring revenues', 'development strategy', 'same quarter', 'functional upgrades', 'product mix', '300 new customers', '120 new pharmacies', 'Strong growth', 'solid growth', 'following acquisitions', 'retail pharmacies', 'growing number', 'German subsidiary', 'perfect response', 'annual revenue', 'Consolidated revenue', 'total revenue', 'full year', 'prior year', 'strong 16% increase', '12 month YTD', '9.2% growth', '1000 customers', '2023 revenue', '53% increase', '29.9% increase', '6 February', 'CET', 'Change', 'Q2', 'Q3', 'Q4', 'Q1', 'unaudited', 'reminder', 'April', 'PRATILOG', 'SPEECH2SENSE', 'start-up', 'ATOOPHARM', 'specialist', 'November', 'ADV', 'OPTIPHARM', 'December', 'DIGIPHARMACIE', 'expert', '2023 highlights', 'factors', 'decline', 'wait', 'see', 'attitude', 'inflation', 'maintenance', 'subscriptions', 'indexation', 'developments', 'validity', 'France', 'terms', 'Europe', 'Italy', 'results', 'wholesaler-distributors', 'Belgium', 'track', 'restructuring', 'stabilization', 'population', 'issue', 'safety', 'i-Meds', 'need', '6:00']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2824615/0/en/Equasens-2023-revenue-219-7m-2-6.html,Equasens: 2023 revenue: €219.7m  +2.6%,Villers-lès-Nancy  6 February 2024 - 6:00 p.m. (CET)  PRESS RELEASE  2023 revenue: €219.7m  +2.6%  Equasens Group reported growth in annual revenue ......,"Villers-lès-Nancy  6 February 2024 - 6:00 p.m. (CET)PRESS RELEASE2023 revenue: €219.7m  +2.6%Equasens Group reported growth in annual revenue  despite an unfavourable comparison base from the Ségur French Digital Healthcare investment programme combined with difficult economic conditions  particularly in the pharmacy sector.Consolidated revenueIn €m 2023 2022 Change2023 / 2022 Q1 56.3 49.4 14.0% (*) Q2 56.4 54.2 4.0% Q3 50.1 50.1 0.0% Q4 57.0 60.4 -5.5% 12 month YTD 219.7 (**) 214.1 +2.6%(*) Strong growth in Q1 reflecting a favourable comparison base (restructuring of the electronic labelling activity).(**) unauditedLike-for-like  excluding Ségur-related sales and external growth  2023 revenue rose 3.3% to €213.6m.Like-for-like revenueIn €m 2023 2022 Change2023 / 2022 Q1 54.8 49.4 11.1% (*) Q2 54.8 52.8 3.8% Q3 48.1 49.0 -1.8% Q4 55.8 55.6 0.4% 12 month YTD 213.6 (**) 206.8 +3.3%(*) Strong growth in Q1 reflecting a favourable comparison base (restructuring of the electronic labelling activity).(**) unauditedAs a reminder  Equasens Group completed the following acquisitions in 2023:In April: 100% of PRATILOG  an independent software vendor operating in the medical and paramedical sector. 100% of SPEECH2SENSE  a start-up specialising in speech recognition technology and mobile solutions for the healthcare sector. 100% of ATOOPHARM  a specialist in e-learning solutions for retail pharmacies.In November: 95% of ADV (now PHARMAGEST Germany)  a software publisher of pharmacy management applications in Germany and its subsidiary OPTIPHARM.In December: 70% of DIGIPHARMACIE  an expert in digital and invoice management solutions for pharmacies.____________2023 highlightsEquasens Group reported annual revenue of €219.7m  up 2.6% from 2022. In the last quarter  revenue declined 5.5% from Q4 2022 to €57m in response to a number of factors:An unfavourable comparison base reflecting the completed rollout of solutions under the Ségur investment programme resulting in a decline of €4.6m in Q4 and €4.1m for the full year.A 2.3% decline in the sales for the year  reflecting a wait-and-see attitude by healthcare professionals in an economic climate impacted by inflation and rising interest rates.Conversely:The positive contribution of acquisitions  and in particular ATOOPHARM (e-learning platform)  representing €2.9m for the year.9.2% growth in recurring revenues (maintenance and subscriptions) for the year  driven by indexation and subscription sales for new SaaS solutions.These developments confirm the validity of Equasens Group's development strategy focused on SaaS solutions and high added-value services.The Pharmagest Division had annual revenue of €162.7m in 2023  up 2.8% from the prior year. Revenue in Q4 declined 4.5% to €42.1m.This Division accounted for 74% of Equasens Group's total revenue.In France   revenue for the year rose 1.7% to €145.8m. This increase included a 6.1% decline in Q4 from the same quarter one year earlier to €38.0m. The Division was the most affected in terms of value by the end of the Ségur rollout and the economic context for pharmacies in France and the rest of Europe.  revenue for the year rose 1.7% to €145.8m. This increase included a 6.1% decline in Q4 from the same quarter one year earlier to €38.0m.Nevertheless  in a difficult economic climate and faced with a growing number of pharmacy closures  the Division was able to win over 300 new customers in 2023  helped by an increase in the expertise of the sales force and functional upgrades to business software.The new mobile app (id.Mobile launched in Q2 2023  which frees up pharmacists' sales staff from counter task duties)  and the secure external SaaS backup solution (id.Safe launched in Q1 2023) and Business Intelligence (id.Décisionnel launched in Q3 2023) had attracted more than 1000 customers by December 31  2023.In Italy   full-year sales rose 14.1% to €11.8m  with a particularly strong 16% increase in Q4. The investment plan implemented to strengthen the pharmacy sales and customer service staff has started to produce results.  full-year sales rose 14.1% to €11.8m  with a particularly strong 16% increase in Q4.The new version of the id. software has enabled us to add more than 120 new pharmacies  driving a 53% increase in pharmacy sales.Software solutions for wholesaler-distributors grew by 6.5%.Activity in Belgium is back on track with annual sales up 4.1% to €2.6m. The restructuring of sales operations contributed to the stabilization of both the product mix and the customer base in 2023.is back on track with annual sales up 4.1% to €2.6m.The Compliance Business Unit reported solid growth  with annual sales of €2.3m (+21.4%) with a 29.9% increase in Q4 alone. As the population ages  the issue of medication compliance and safety is becoming increasingly important. i-Meds  the German subsidiary  which markets the patented MultiMeds blister pack  provides a perfect response to this need.reported solid growth  with annual sales of €2.3m (+21.4%) with a 29.9% increase in Q4 alone.The Axigate Link Division had annual revenue of €31.1m at 31 December 2023  a 2.9% increase from one year earlier. In Q4 alone  sales fell by 3.8% to €8.9m.This Division accounted for 14.2% of Equasens Group's total revenue.The nursing home business delivered the strongest performance  with full-year growth of 5.4% to €17.5m  despite a 3.8% decline in Q4 to €4.5m. The TITANLINK SaaS solution was successfully launched  with over 350 sites up and running by December 31  2023.120 establishments selected our solutions.A record number of signatures with the addition 22 health and medical-social care service clusters formed to secure public funding for the modernisation of their information systems.A successful year in Belgium marked by the signature of 40 new establishments.Hospital-at-Home revenue declined 6.5% for the full year to €5.9m and 14.9% in Q4 to €1.6m. Nevertheless  this business unit successfully added nearly 40 new sites  including the HaH system of the Île-de-France Public University Hospital (2nd largest in France)  after already equipping the Fondation Santé Service in 2016  France's leading provider of home hospital care.Revenue from the Hospital segment declined 16.2% for the full year to €4.4m and 13.9% in Q4 to €1m. This Business Unit implemented a new mid-market strategy which led to the signing of 4 new hospitals.All the other activities of the Division registered growth.The E-Connect Division had revenue of €15m at 31 December 2023  up 11.2% from one year earlier. Revenue in the last quarter rose 3.7% to €3.3m.This Division accounted for 6.8% of Equasens Group's total revenue.KAPELSE recorded strong annual growth (+11%)  driven by increased demand for transaction reading and security equipment for health insurance smarts cards  particularly for mobile applications.The European rollout of NOVIAcare® teleassistance solution (homecare for the elderly) has started  beginning with Holland and Belgium. In this context  it intends to participate in the ""Wallonia-Digital Home Assistance"" programme designed to delay or avoid the institutionalization of the elderly  entailing the potential deployment of 15 000 digital assistance devices split between several service providers. Thus far  nearly 500 NOVIAcare® boxes have already been delivered in these two countries.The Medical Solutions Division had annual revenue of €8.9m  down 12.4% on 2022. This decline reflects the comparison base from the completed deployment of the Ségur programme functionalities which adversely impacted the fourth quarter (-35.6%).This Division accounted for 4% of Equasens Group's total revenue.At the same time  the Segur rollout enabled the Division to update its installed base for Médistory 4 version by integrating the ETHEREGO subscription offer. As a result  today over 85% of our private practice GPs and specialist customers have now been upgraded to version 4 of the software.The integration of the PRATILOG and SPEECH2SENSE acquisitions has enabled the Division to offer a complete ecosystem of solutions and services to private practitioners and health service workers.The Division therefore has a global strategy for healthcare professionals:Private practitioners working in office-based settings or hospitals with the Médistory solution produced by PROKOV EDITIONS with an installed base of more than 9 000 doctors and 13 000 users;Collaborative medical structures (multidisciplinary facilities and health centres) with Medilink developed by ICT  which equips more than 4 000 healthcare professionals and over 350 structures;Medical support professionals (nurses  physiotherapists) with the Kinépratik and Infipratik solutions developed by PRATILOG and used by more than 1 700 healthcare professionals.SPEECH2SENSE  the Ai-based speech recognition technology which will enhance all the Division's products and add value to its business applications. This application is destined to facilitate the work of healthcare professionals  provide time savings for improved patient care. Synergies are also expected with all the Group's divisions.The Fintech Division had annual revenue of €2.0m  up 1.8%  and Q4 growth of 22.9% to €0.6m.This Division accounted for 1% of Equasens Group's total revenue.The Division took advantage of 2023 to put its business back on track and realign its activities with the Group's strategy  and is now focusing primarily on the healthcare professions.Despite a difficult year caused by higher financing rates  it was successful in maintaining revenue on track.2024 outlookMacroeconomic conditions in 2024 are looking more favourable  as inflation declines  financing rates come down  and pharmacy sales are expected to pick up in the first half. This should contribute to growth in consumer spending  which in turn should facilitate investments by healthcare professionals.Equasens Group is continuing to invest heavily in R&D in order to develop innovative offerings and introduce new products and services for healthcare professionals. In 2023  the Group' efforts were particularly focused on developing a digital payment offering  scheduled to be launched in March 2024 at the Pharmagora trade show.The company's recent acquisition of a majority stake in DIGIPHARMACIE will enhance its offering for pharmacists by integrating a digital invoicing platform providing an interface between pharmacists  the pharmaceutical industry and external accountants. Synergies with the Group's other activities will also contribute to the growth of this Paris-based start-up.The acquisition of a German software publisher (ADV  now Pharmagest Germany) and a 100% stake in CareMeds (Axigate Link Division) in the United Kingdom further strengthen the Group's presence in Europe and will provide opportunities for growth in the short and medium term.Financial calendar:2023 annual results: March 29  20242023 annual results analyst meeting (SFAF): 2 April 2024  ParisQ1 2024 Revenue: 7 May 2024Q2 2024 Revenue: 2 August 2024About Equasens GroupWith more than 1 200 employees fulfilling a vital role as “Citizens in the Service of Health and Well-Being”  Equasens Group is today a key player in the European healthcare sector  providing software solutions to all healthcare professionals (pharmacists  primary care practitioners  hospitals  Hospital-at-Home structures  retirement homes  health centres) in both primary and secondary care sectors.With operations in in France  Germany  Great Britain  Belgium  Ireland  Italy  and Luxembourg  Equasens Group today brings together healthcare professionals within a unique ecosystem in France and Europe benefiting people by making available the very best of technology.Listed on Euronext Paris™ - Compartment BIndexes: MSCI GLOBAL SMALL CAP - GAÏA Index 2020 - CAC® SMALL and CAC® All-TradableIncluded in the Euronext Tech Leaders segment and the European Rising Tech labelEligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (“Service à Réglement Différé” - SRD) and equity savings accounts invested in small and mid caps (PEA-PME).ISIN: FR 0012882389 – Ticker Code: EQSGet all the news about the Equasens Group www.equasens.com and on LinkedInCONTACTSAnalyst and Investor Relations:Chief Administrative and Financial Officer : Frédérique SchmidtTel: +33 (0)3 83 15 90 67 - frederique.schmidt@equasens.comMedia Relations:FIN’EXTENSO - Isabelle AprileTel.: +33 (0)6 17 38 61 78 - i.aprile@finextenso.frAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.2,0.29,True,English,"['Equasens', '2023 revenue', 'Ségur French Digital Healthcare investment programme', 'secure external SaaS backup solution', 'Ségur investment programme', 'The Compliance Business Unit', 'Ségur rollout', 'Ségur-related sales', 'speech recognition technology', 'rising interest rates', 'high added-value services', 'counter task duties', 'MultiMeds blister pack', 'unfavourable comparison base', 'difficult economic conditions', 'customer service staff', 'electronic labelling activity', 'independent software vendor', 'pharmacy management applications', 'invoice management solutions', ""pharmacists' sales staff"", 'difficult economic climate', 'new mobile app', 'new SaaS solutions', 'The Pharmagest Division', 'investment plan', 'healthcare sector', 'healthcare professionals', 'customer base', 'external growth', 'medication compliance', 'business software', 'Business Intelligence', 'mobile solutions', 'economic context', 'new version', 'Software solutions', 'pharmacy sales', 'pharmacy sector', 'software publisher', 'pharmacy closures', 'id. software', 'learning solutions', 'subscription sales', 'sales force', 'full-year sales', 'annual sales', 'sales operations', 'Villers-lès-Nancy', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Equasens Group', 'paramedical sector', 'PHARMAGEST Germany', 'last quarter', 'positive contribution', 'learning platform', 'recurring revenues', 'development strategy', 'same quarter', 'functional upgrades', 'product mix', '300 new customers', '120 new pharmacies', 'Strong growth', 'solid growth', 'following acquisitions', 'retail pharmacies', 'growing number', 'German subsidiary', 'perfect response', 'annual revenue', 'Consolidated revenue', 'total revenue', 'full year', 'prior year', 'strong 16% increase', '12 month YTD', '9.2% growth', '1000 customers', '2023 revenue', '53% increase', '29.9% increase', '6 February', 'CET', 'Change', 'Q2', 'Q3', 'Q4', 'Q1', 'unaudited', 'reminder', 'April', 'PRATILOG', 'SPEECH2SENSE', 'start-up', 'ATOOPHARM', 'specialist', 'November', 'ADV', 'OPTIPHARM', 'December', 'DIGIPHARMACIE', 'expert', '2023 highlights', 'factors', 'decline', 'wait', 'see', 'attitude', 'inflation', 'maintenance', 'subscriptions', 'indexation', 'developments', 'validity', 'France', 'terms', 'Europe', 'Italy', 'results', 'wholesaler-distributors', 'Belgium', 'track', 'restructuring', 'stabilization', 'population', 'issue', 'safety', 'i-Meds', 'need', '6:00']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEXIBOOK-LINGUISTIQUE-ELE-23219349/news/LEXIBOOK-HISTORIC-FISCAL-SALES-FOR-Q3-2023-24-OF-30M-UP-28-2-OVER-9-MONTHS-SALES-UP-19-2-F-45889004/,LEXIBOOK: HISTORIC FISCAL SALES FOR Q3 2023-24 OF €30M  UP 28.2%. OVER 9 MONTHS  SALES UP 19.2%. FULL-YEAR SALES AND EARNINGS EXPECTED TO REACH RECORD LEVELS. GOOD PROSPECTS FOR 2024-25. -February 06 ,(marketscreener.com) Les Ulis  February 6  2024 at 7:00 a.m. LEXIBOOK: HISTORIC FISCAL SALES FOR Q3 2023-24 OF €30M  UP 28.2%. OVER 9 MONTHS  SALES UP 19.2% THANKS TO HIGHER SALES IN FRANCE AND INTERNATIONALLY  PARTICULARLY OF NEW INTELLIGENT TOYS AND LICENSE…,Les Ulis  February 6  2024 at 7:00 a.m.LEXIBOOK: HISTORIC FISCAL SALES FOR Q3 2023-24 OF €30M  UP 28.2%. OVER 9 MONTHS  SALES UP 19.2% THANKS TO HIGHER SALES IN FRANCE AND INTERNATIONALLY  PARTICULARLY OF NEW INTELLIGENT TOYS AND LICENSED PRODUCTS. FULL-YEAR SALES AND EARNINGS EXPECTED TO REACH RECORD LEVELS. GOOD PROSPECTS FOR 2024-25.Sales for Q3 2023-24 rose by 28.2% to €30M vs. €23.41M for Q3 2022-2023. Cumulative sales for the 2023-24 fiscal year to date are up 19.23% to €52.15M vs. €43.74M over 9 months.This quarter follows 18 consecutive quarters of growth  once again validating the Group's strategic choices to position itself in buoyant segments  notably electronic and musical toys  alarm clocks  educational products and cameras. Lexibook thus consolidates its position as European leader in its major segments.The Group ran a major new communications campaign in Europe and its first digital campaign in the United States during the quarter. These campaigns literally boosted Christmas sales and restocking.The first sales of licensed products in the USA have doubled business in the region  pointing to sustained sales growth in 2024.Customer deliveries were carried out under optimum conditions  enabling us to rationalize logistics costs and satisfy our customers.Even if Q4 2023-24 is expected to be down as announced  given the exceptional quarter achieved in Q4 2021-22 and 2022-23  annual sales for the Lexibook Group over the full fiscal year are nevertheless expected to reach a record level  in excess of €56 million.Lexibook should therefore close its fiscal year with record operating profit and net income.Lexibook (ISIN FR0000033599) today announced its sales (unaudited) for the period ending December 31  2023 (period from April 1er to December 31).Consolidated revenues (M€) 2021/2022 2022/2023 Var 2023/2024 Var 1st quarter 5 08 6 93 36 42% 7 01 +1 15% Of which FOB 1 31 2 22 69 47% 2 21 -0 45% Of which Non FOB 3 77 4 71 24 93% 4 8 +1 91% 2nd quarter 9 82 13 4 36 46% 15 13 +12 91% Of which FOB 2 96 4 32 45 95% 2 85 -34 03% Of which Non FOB 6 86 9 08 32 36% 12 28 +35 24% 3rd quarter 21 86 23 41 7 09% 30 01 +28 19% Of which FOB 2 58 0 72 -72 09% 0 88 +22 22% Of which Non FOB 19 28 22 69 17 69% 29 13 +28 38% +19 23% Total 12 months 45 2 43 74 -3 23% 52 15After a very dynamic first half of fiscal 2023-24  with growth of 8.9%  the third quarter of 2023-24  traditionally the year's biggest contributor to sales  saw an acceleration in growth. Growth was 28.19%.Star products continued to perform well  and the Group benefited from the launch of numerous new products in its main segments. Product consumption was excellent: Lexibook's case releases on all networks benefited from massive communication campaigns in EMEA and the USA  generating over a billion digital impressions in 2023 alone.Growth was widespread across all the most profitable product families  including electronic and musical toys  educational products  cameras  clocks and walkie-talkies. Licensed products also contributed to this growth  both on existing  highly dynamic licenses such as Snow Queen  Patrol and Spiderman  and on new licenses such as Super Mario  Miraculous and Harry Potter. Less profitable tablet sales are now being replaced by sales in higher-margin segments.In addition to the French market  the strong growth in sales is also widespread in all the countries in which the Group is positioned internationally. FOB sales (sales invoiced directly from HK on FOB HK deliveries by full containers) rose by 22.22%  thanks to long-standing customers and the winning of new international accounts. Non-FOB sales nevertheless accounted for the bulk of sales in the quarter  and rose by 28.38%  reflecting the dynamic international sales of Lexibook products.Last but not least  the Group's digitalization drive is bearing fruit: digital sales are up sharply both in France and in other European markets.Tensions on component supplies and freight were completely lifted over the period  enabling the Group to ensure its deliveries under optimal conditions from both a logistical and a financial point of view. This optimized logistics enabled us to provide customers with a service in line with their expectations for the Christmas season  while optimizing the Group's inventory levels.OutlookQ4 is traditionally a low-contribution quarter in terms of sales. In 2021-22 and 2022-23  due to catch-up deliveries made in January and February after the saturation of ports for the Christmas season  sales were exceptionally high. Q4 2023-24 is therefore logically expected to decline  as announced. Nevertheless  annual sales for the Lexibook Group over the full fiscal year are expected to reach a record level  in excess of €56 million.This level of activity  coupled with the rebound of the euro and sterling against the US dollar over the year  will directly benefit the Group's margins and financial results. Lexibook should therefore close its fiscal year with record operating income and net income .The Group also exhibited its 2024 collections at the London and Nuremberg toy fairs. The response was very positive  and augurs well for business in 2024-25 in the wake of 2023-24.Lastly  Isabelle Marée joins the Group effective immediately as Finance and Administration Director.Financial calendar 2023/2024Q4 2023-2024 sales: May 15  2024Annual results to March 31  2024: June 28  2024Availability of the Universal Registration Document on March 31  2024: June 28  2024About LexibookLexibook®  owner of more than 22 registered international brands such as Powerman®  Decotech®  Karaoke Micro Star®  Chessman®  Cyber Arcade®  Lexitab®  iParty®  FlashBoom®  etc.  is the leader in intelligent electronic leisure products for children. This success is based on a proven strategy of combining strong international licenses with high value-added consumer electronics products. This strategy  complemented by a policy of constant innovation  enables the Group to flourish internationally and to constantly develop new product ranges under the Group's brands. With over 35 million products on the market  the company now sells a product every 10 seconds worldwide! Lexibook's share capital is made up of 7 763 319 shares listed on the Alternext market in Paris (Euronext). ISIN: FR0000033599 - ALLEX; ICB: 3743 - Consumer electronics. For further information: www.lexibook.com and www.decotech-lights.com.ContactLEXIBOOK Isabelle Marée - DAF - 01 73 23 23 45 / isabellemaree@lexibook.comAttachment,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['HISTORIC FISCAL SALES', 'OVER 9 MONTHS', 'FULL-YEAR SALES', 'RECORD LEVELS', 'GOOD PROSPECTS', 'LEXIBOOK', 'Q3', 'EARNINGS', 'REACH', 'February', 'existing, highly dynamic licenses', 'major new communications campaign', 'a billion digital impressions', 'Less profitable tablet sales', 'first digital campaign', 'dynamic first half', 'profitable product families', 'new international accounts', 'other European markets', 'record operating profit', 'NEW INTELLIGENT TOYS', 'numerous new products', 'dynamic international sales', 'massive communication campaigns', 'record operating income', '2023-24 fiscal year', 'full fiscal year', 'HISTORIC FISCAL SALES', 'new licenses', 'FOB HK deliveries', 'major segments', 'digital sales', 'full containers', 'European leader', 'Product consumption', 'first sales', 'RECORD LEVELS', 'musical toys', 'net income', 'LICENSED PRODUCTS', 'educational products', 'Star products', 'Les Ulis', 'GOOD PROSPECTS', '18 consecutive quarters', 'strategic choices', 'buoyant segments', 'United States', 'Customer deliveries', 'optimum conditions', 'April 1er', 'Consolidated revenues', 'biggest contributor', 'main segments', 'case releases', 'Snow Queen', 'Super Mario', 'Harry Potter', 'higher-margin segments', 'French market', 'digitalization drive', 'component supplies', 'optimal conditions', 'financial point', 'Christmas season', 'inventory levels', 'up deliveries', 'US dollar', 'financial results', 'HIGHER SALES', 'FULL-YEAR SALES', 'Cumulative sales', 'Christmas sales', 'annual sales', 'Non-FOB sales', 'exceptional quarter', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'third quarter', 'low-contribution quarter', 'alarm clocks', 'logistics costs', 'Lexibook products', 'Non FOB', 'The Group', 'long-standing customers', 'strong growth', 'sales growth', 'Lexibook Group', '7:00 a', 'February', 'Q3', 'OVER', '9 MONTHS', '19.2% THANKS', 'FRANCE', 'INTERNATIONALLY', 'EARNINGS', 'REACH', 'electronic', 'cameras', 'position', 'restocking', 'USA', 'business', 'region', 'Q4', 'excess', 'ISIN', 'period', 'December', 'Var', '12 months', 'acceleration', 'launch', 'networks', 'EMEA', 'walkie-talkies', 'Patrol', 'Spiderman', 'Miraculous', 'addition', 'countries', 'winning', 'bulk', 'fruit', 'Tensions', 'freight', 'logistical', 'view', 'service', 'line', 'expectations', 'Outlook', 'terms', 'catch', 'January', 'saturation', 'ports', 'activity', 'rebound', 'sterling', 'margins', '2024 collectio', '22.']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/06/2823972/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 November 2023  the......,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 November 2023  the company repurchased 10 876 229 shares during the week of 29 January 2024 up to and including 2 February 2024.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €12.45 for a total amount of €135 355 879.45. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 191 835 326 ordinary shares at an average price of €12.89 for a total consideration of €2 471 995 456.74. To date approximately 98.88% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news X feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in July 2023. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,positive,0.51,0.47,0.01,negative,0.03,0.41,0.56,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', '€2.5 billion share buyback programme', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'related international response measures', 'share buyback programme ING', 'operating company ING Bank', 'currency exchange rates', 'related response measures', 'Frequent news updates', 'same accounting principles', 'residual eﬀects', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'related market disruption', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'maximum total value', 'ING Group shares', 'daily repurchased shares', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'wholesale banking services', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Important legal information', 'Investor enquiries', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'economic crimes', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'European Union', 'financial markets', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'financial information', 'average price', 'weekly reports', '191,835,326 ordinary shares', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'detailed information', 'total number', 'integral part', 'tax laws', '10,876,229 shares', 'Progress', '2 November', '29 January', '2 February', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'July', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'governmental', 'connection', 'less']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,globenewswire.com
35863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2024/02/06/global-markets-little-changed-as-investors-seek-interest-rate-clues/,Global markets little changed as investors seek interest rate clues,Hotel group Dalata was up 0.8 per cent in Dublin as its share price climbed above pre-Covid levels for the first time,Global stock indexes were mostly little changed on Tuesday while US Treasury yields eased as investors looked for more clues on how soon the Federal Reserve may start cutting interest rates.DublinEuronext Dublin was up 0.25 per cent at close of business but it underperformed many of its international peers.Dalata – the biggest hotel operator in the State – was up 0.8 per cent as its share price climbed above pre-Covid levels for the first time since the end of the pandemic.“There has been a big push on in Dalata over the past couple of weeks ” a trader noted. “They are obviously making good inroads in their UK market share as well.”READ MOREElsewhere conglomerate DCC was up 0.7 per cent ahead of results on Wednesday.Ryanair enjoyed a good rally to finish the day up 1 per cent  which was largely in line with other European airlines. EasyJet was a standout underperformer as it dipped 0.2 per cent  but Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group  Lufthansa and Air France were all up.Elsewhere  home builder Glenveagh Properties was down 1.3 per cent  while  among the financial names  AIB and Bank of Ireland were also a bit weaker. Insulation specialist Kingspan was also a bit weaker.LondonThe FTSE 100 had a bumper session  buoyed by an excellent performance from BP  one of the capital’s biggest companies.The oil firm saw its shares up nearly 5.5 per cent on the day after it pleased investors with more shareholder returns and a higher-than-expected profit.BP is the fifth largest company on the FTSE 100  so its performance helped lift the index  which closed up 0.9 per cent.The British government moved a step closer to selling shares in NatWest to the public as the bank said the offering could happen as soon as June. NatWest was nationalised by the then government of Gordon Brown during the financial crisis.Since then  the government has slowly sold down its shares in the lender and now owns about a third of the bank. Shares in NatWest closed the day up 1.29 per cent.EuropeAt the end of the day in Europe  Frankfurt’s Dax index was 0.76 per cent higher  while the Cac 40 in Paris had closed up 0.65 per cent.The MSCI world equity index  which tracks shares in 49 nations  gained 0.24 per cent. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 1.42 per cent  while Europe’s Stoxx 600 index rose 0.55 per cent.New YorkWall Street’s main indexes were mixed in choppy early trading as investors scrutinised big-ticket earnings and awaited commentary from policymakers for clues on the timing of the Federal Reserve’s first interest-rate cut.GE HealthCare Technologies gained 11.7 per cent after the medtech firm posted better-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings  driving the S&P 500 healthcare sector up by 0.4 per cent  to an all-time high.However  Eli Lilly reversed earlier gains and lost 1 per cent  even after forecasting 2024 profit above estimates.The materials index gained 1.6 per cent  as chemicals firm DuPont de Nemours jumped 6.7 per cent after beating fourth-quarter profit estimates  announcing a new $1 billion share-repurchase programme and hiking its dividend.Weighing on the tech-heavy Nasdaq  chip stocks Nvidia and Broadcom fell more than 2 per cent  sending the Philadelphia SE Semiconductor index down 1.9 per cent.The KBW Regional Banking index dropped 0.8 per cent as New York Community Bancorp plummeted 15.3 per cent  stretching a sell-off since the lender reported a surprise quarterly loss last week.Airline stocks jumped after Frontier surprise break-even earnings  aiding a 2.4 per cent advance in the Dow Jones Transport Average.Palantir Technologies jumped 25 per cent after forecasting upbeat annual profit.Gartner lost 2.9 per cent after the research and advisory firm forecast annual results below estimates. – Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,mixed,0.29,0.23,0.48,True,English,"['interest rate clues', 'Global markets', 'investors', 'Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group', 'The KBW Regional Banking index', 'The MSCI world equity index', 'Dow Jones Transport Average', 'S&P 500 healthcare sector', 'new $1 billion share-repurchase programme', 'Philadelphia SE Semiconductor index', 'New York Community Bancorp', 'Frontier surprise break-even earnings', 'other European airlines', 'surprise quarterly loss', 'US Treasury yields', 'Elsewhere conglomerate DCC', 'fifth largest company', 'choppy early trading', 'GE HealthCare Technologies', 'DuPont de Nemours', 'Global stock indexes', 'biggest hotel operator', 'UK market share', 'first interest-rate cut', 'upbeat annual profit', '2.4 per cent advance', 'fourth-quarter profit estimates', 'international peers', 'The FTSE 100', 'fourth-quarter earnings', 'Dax index', 'broadest index', 'Stoxx 600 index', 'materials index', 'big-ticket earnings', 'share price', 'first time', 'biggest companies', 'main indexes', 'Palantir Technologies', '1 per cent', '0.24 per cent', '0.4 per cent', 'Federal Reserve', 'interest rates', 'pre-Covid levels', 'big push', 'past couple', 'good inroads', 'good rally', 'standout underperformer', 'Air France', 'home builder', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'financial names', 'Insulation specialist', 'bumper session', 'oil firm', 'shareholder returns', 'Gordon Brown', 'financial crisis', 'Wall Street', 'medtech firm', 'Eli Lilly', 'earlier gains', 'chemicals firm', 'tech-heavy Nasdaq', 'chip stocks', 'Airline stocks', 'advisory firm', 'annual results', 'Additional reporting', 'Euronext Dublin', 'excellent performance', 'British government', 'Asia-Pacific shares', '2024 profit', '2.9 per', 'Tuesday', 'investors', 'clues', 'business', 'Dalata', 'State', 'end', 'pandemic', 'weeks', 'trader', 'READ', 'Wednesday', 'Ryanair', 'EasyJet', 'Lufthansa', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'Kingspan', 'London', 'BP', 'capital', 'expected', 'NatWest', 'public', 'offering', 'June', 'third', 'Frankfurt', 'Cac', 'Paris', '49 nations', 'Japan', 'commentary', 'policymakers', 'timing', 'Nvidia', 'Broadcom', 'sell-off', 'Gartner', 'research', 'Agencies', '0.8', '11.7']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,irishtimes.com
35864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CBO-TERRITORIA-9734884/news/Cbo-Territoria-Sales-2023-EUR-84-9-million-3-4--45895051/,Cbo Territoria : Sales 2023 -February 06  2024 at 11:50 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Property development: Total number of unit completed expressed in value or volume Residential plots - Property development: Sales of building plots for residential or commercial propertyBlock sales - Property development: Acquisition of…,"Press release – 2023 Revenue and activitySainte-Marie  February 6  2024  8 :45pmSales 2023: €84.9 million (+3.4%)Confirmed growth in Commercial Property Investment  reflecting the relevance of our strategyGrowth in Property Development driven by residential propertySainte-Marie  La Réunion – CBo Territoria (ISIN: FR0010193979 - CBOT)  a real estate player in Reunion Island for nearly 20 years  announces today its revenue for the year ending 31 December 2023.Key numbers 2023 2022 Variation Gross rental income 25.5 23.6 +8.0% Of which Commercial property investment (excluding equity affiliates) 22.7 20.5 +10.9% Of which Residential Properties 1.7 2.2 -21.9% Of which other revenue 1.0 0.9 +15.3% Property development revenue 58.1 57.2 +1.5% Of which Residential Property 54.0 45.5 +18.8% Of which Commercial Property 4.1 11.8 -65.5% Other activities 1.3 1.3 +2.7% Consolidated revenue (in €M) 84.9 82.1 +3.4% Revenue from commercial properties (share of equity affiliates) 3.7 3.3 +13.2% Rental revenue from commercial economic properties[1] 26.5 23.8 +11.3%PROPERTY INVESTMENTCBo Territoria  a diversified property investment company (retail  office  business premises  restaurant and leisure)  reported a significant increase in gross rental revenue in 2023. In addition to the mechanical effect of indexation  gross rental revenue growth is driven by strong operating performance across all categories of assets (high occupancy rate of 98%) and the opening at the Combani shopping center  which was opened to the public last October. In addition  growth was further accentuated by a non-recurring effect arising from a significant adjustment of variable rents.More specifically  gross rental revenue from economic commercial portfolio rose by +11.3% to €26.5 million. The increase is broken down into +2.4% scope effect (+€0.6million)  +4.0% indexation effect (+€0.9million)  +4.9% other effects (for +€1.2million  including €0.9million non-recurring variable rent effect).CBo Territoria is carrying on with the divestment of its residential assets  resulting in a gradual decline in reported gross rental revenue (€1.7 million in 2023 versus €2.2 million in 2022). Factoring in the sale to SHLMR/Action Logement in December 2023 of 135 plots at Beauséjour (Anthurium  Canopée 2 and Venda residences)  CBo Territoria controlled only 79 housing units[2] on December 31  2023 (compared with 215 at the end of 2022)  having realized €0.6 million in rental income in 2023. Finally  other gross rental revenue (farmland and miscellaneous) increased to €1.0 million in 2023 (from €0.9 million in 2022).PROPERTY DEVELOPMENTCBo Territoria is one of Reunion Island's leading residential developers  with an inventory line that caters to all market segments: intermediary rental housing (“Logement Locatif Intermédiaire – LLI”) and social rental housing (“Logement Locatif Social – LLS”) apartments sold to institutional landlords  home-ownership apartments (also eligible for the Pinel Outre-mer[3] and Girardin Law schemes for individuals and businesses) and building plots.The Group's residential development activity was strong this year  consistent with the sales outlook for 2021 and 2022. CBo Territoria completed the delivery of 68 lots and moved forward with several programs that are now nearly fully marketed  either as a whole or at retail (395 units were under development at the end of December[4]).At the same time  the Group  which remains cautious when it comes to commercial launches in the current market  had mixed sales activity across products and client segments:Block sales rose to €16.9 million (+5.7% compared to 2022)  related to the Jardin des Gardénias program sold to SHLMR / Action Logement. The order book includes a €16.4 million project  with construction set to begin in the coming months rose to €16.9 million (+5.7% compared to 2022)  related to the Jardin des Gardénias program sold to SHLMR / Action Logement. The order book includes a €16.4 million project  with construction set to begin in the coming months  Retail sales to individual clients are down by €12.6 million (-42.9%)  returning to their 2021 level (€11.2 million). Indeed  the very strong sales momentum in 2022 (reaching €22.1 million) before the implementation of the degressive Pinel DOM rates on January 1  2023  and the postponed program launches have depleted the available supply. The year-end backlog (€1.5 million) represents the last available units to individual clients are down by €12.6 million (-42.9%)  returning to their 2021 level (€11.2 million). Indeed  the very strong sales momentum in 2022 (reaching €22.1 million) before the implementation of the degressive Pinel DOM rates on January 1  2023  and the postponed program launches have depleted the available supply. The year-end backlog (€1.5 million) represents the last available units  Finally  residential building plots sales plummeted by -37.8% to €11.6 million (for 67 plots). This trend is the result of an unfavorable base effect (record sales in 2022 of €18.7 million  primarily for plots in the most sought-after tourist zone) and illustrates the numerous challenges encountered by potential buyers in developing their real estate projects in 2023 (financing difficulties caused by rising interest rates combined with inflation in construction costs). At €6.2 million  the order backlog at the end of December was half that at the end of 2022. Available supply has consequently risen to €25.0 million (131 plots).Overall  the residential backlog was €29.0 million  compared to €41.9 million at the end of December 2022.Residential property revenue (93% of consolidated property development revenue  compared to 80% in 2022) totaled €54.0 million in 2023  up 18.8% year on year  and were marked by a significant shift in the product/customer mix.Block sales revenue (intermediate and social housing) increased by 53% to €23.3 million  accounting for 43% of sales (+10 points vs. 2022). Retail sales revenue rose by 66% to €19.1 million in line with the rush on Pinel DOM programs by the end of 2022  and accounted for 35% of residential sales (+10 points). Residential building plot revenue  at €11.6 million  fell 38% after a record year in 2022  when they accounted for 41% of sales (against 22% in 2023) and contributed to a substantial increase in the 2022 development margin.Revenue arising from commercial property is limited due to the opportunistic nature of this sector. Sales in 2023 reached €4.1 million (compared to €11.8 million in 2022)  indicating the completion of the EPSMR premises supplied last March and the sale of the final remaining commercial plot in the Portail area.2024 Financial calendar2023 annual results: Wednesday  March 6  2024 (after close of trading) - Presentation/webcast meeting on March 7 at 11:30 a.m. (Paris)About CBo Territoria (FR0010193979  CBOT)CBo Territoria has been a major real estate operator in La Réunion for nearly 20 years and has evolved into a multi-regional property developer specializing in tertiary assets (€300.8 million  representing 81% of total assets in value at 30 June 2023). The Group is pursuing its expansion through the exploitation of its land reserves or through land acquisition  as it is involved in the full real estate value chain (property developer  property investor  and real estate company). CBo Territoria can finance its development through its activities as a residential developer (apartment buildings or sale of land plots) and  secondarily  as a service provider  as well as through the planned transfer of its residual residential properties to SHLMR.CBo Territoria is a real estate investment firm listed on Euronext Paris (compartment “C”) that is qualified for the PEA PME finance program (small and medium-sized enterprises).Responsible and committed to a more sustainable real estate since its inception  CBo Territoria has been in the Top 10 of compartment “C” of the Gai?a-Index for the past 6 years  a French benchmark index of the most virtuous small and medium-sized companies in terms of CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility).More information on cboterritoria.comINVESTORS ContactsCaroline Clapier – Director of Finance and Administration - direction@cboterritoria.comAgnès Villeret - Komodo - Tel.: 06 83 28 04 15 - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comPRESS ContactsFinance: Agnès Villeret - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comCorporate - Paris: Dina Morin - dmorin@capvalue.frLa Réunion & Mayotte : Catherine Galatoire - cgalatoire@cboterritoria.comAPPENDIX 1 - CONSOLIDATED REVENUEIn €M 2023 2022 V ariation GROSS RENTAL REVENUE 25.5 23.6 +8.0% Of which Commercial Properties (excluding share equity affiliates) 22.7 20.5 +10.9% Of which Residential Properties 1.7 2.2 -21.9% Of which other rental revenue 1.0 0.9 +15.3% PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT 58.1 57.2 +1.5% Of which Residential 54.0 45.5 +18.8% Of which Block sales (Intermediate and Social) 23.3 15.3 +52.6% Of which Retail Clients (Intermediate – Pinel DOM) 19.1 11.5 +66.0% Of which Residential building plots 11.6 18.7 -37.8% Of which Commercial 4.1 11.8 -65.5% Of which Commercial buildings 3.3 6.8 Of which sale of commercial Building plots and miscellaneous 0.7 5.0 OTHER ACTIVITIES 1.3 1.3 +2.7% CONSOLIDATED REVENUE 84.9 82.1 +3.4%APPENDIX 2 - OPERATING INDICATORS RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY DEVELOPMENTSALES (OVERALL) ORDER BOOK at 31/12 In €M 2023 2022 Chge (%) 2023 2022 Chge (%) Residential 41.1 56.8 -27.5% 24.1 39.7 -24.7% Block sales ( Intermediate and Social ) 16.9 16.0 +5.7% 16.4 16.9 -3.0% Retail sales (Intermediate—Pinel DOM) 12.6 22.1 -42.9% 1.5 9.9 -79.7% Residential building plots 11.6 18.7 -37.8% 6.2 12.9 -62.6%GLOSSARYOther activities: external services and coworking under the Lizine brandBacklog: Sales of residential and/or commercial properties (excluding residential building plots)  excluding VAT  that have not yet been recognizedOrder book (or reservation inventory): Total number of units under reservation contract not yet regularised  expressed in value (sales price excluding VAT) or volume (in units)Companies accounted for under the equity method (share of equity affiliates): The equity method is an accounting technique that allows the book value of a company's shares held by a parent company to be substituted by the value of the parent company's share in the entity's equityFinancial occupancy rate: Ratio between the market rent for leased areas and the rental income for the total area (= actual rent for leased areas + market rent for vacant areas)Sales (overall) - Property development: Total number of unit completed expressed in value (sales price excluding VAT) or volume (in units)Residential plots - Property development: Sales of building plots for residential or commercial propertyBlock sales - Property development: Acquisition of a whole building or a whole real estate program by a single buyerRetail Sales - Property Development: Acquisition of a unit or plot by an individual customer[1] The economic commercial portfolio comprises investment assets (excluding residential and farmland assets) and the share of assets held by the equity method.[2] Including the Catleya program (55 units)  which can be sold starting in late 2026.[3] Or Pinel DOM  a tax exemption scheme with rates of 21.5%  26% and 28.5% in 2023  depending on the rental commitment (6  9 or 12 years)  versus 10.5%  15% and 17.5% in mainland France. In 2024  the rates will be slightly revised to 20%  23% and 25% respectively in France's overseas territories. In addition  the ceiling for tax niches in La Réunion is €18 000  compared with €10 000 in mainland France.[4] Spread over 3 major ZACs: 163 lots on Beauséjour in Sainte-Marie  147 on Marie Caze in Saint-Paul  85 on Roche Café in Saint-Leu.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l5xvaJRnYW2Ylp2cacpumGmWam6Ux2TJaGHLx5ZsaJbIaWqSyWZhm8acZnFllW5s- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84096-cbot_ca-2023-communique-de-presse-_ang.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Cbo Territoria', 'Sales', 'February', '11', 'Jardin des Gardénias program', 'degressive Pinel DOM rates', 'Logement Locatif Intermédiaire', 'diversified property investment company', 'recurring variable rent effect', 'other gross rental revenue', 'gross rental revenue growth', 'La Réunion', 'real estate player', 'strong operating performance', 'high occupancy rate', 'Combani shopping center', 'Girardin Law schemes', 'Gross rental income', 'economic commercial portfolio', 'unfavorable base effect', 'leading residential developers', 'intermediary rental housing', 'last available units', 'Logement Locatif Social', 'Commercial Property Investment', 'strong sales momentum', 'commercial economic properties', 'Property development revenue', 'residential development activity', 'residential building plots', 'recurring effect', 'program launches', 'Pinel Outre-mer', 'variable rents', '79 housing units', 'residential property', 'other revenue', 'commercial properties', 'Residential Properties', 'SHLMR/Action Logement', 'commercial launches', 'Other activities', 'mechanical effect', '+2.4% scope effect', '+4.9% other effects', 'available supply', 'Consolidated revenue', 'Press release', 'CBo Territoria', 'Reunion Island', 'Key numbers', 'equity affiliates', 'business premises', 'significant adjustment', '+4.0% indexation effect', 'gradual decline', 'Beauséjour', 'Canopée', 'Venda residences', 'inventory line', 'market segments', 'institutional landlords', 'sales outlook', 'several programs', 'same time', 'current market', 'sales activity', 'client segments', 'Block sales', 'order book', '€16.4 million project', 'coming months', 'individual clients', 'year-end backlog', 'record sales', 'residential assets', 'significant increase', 'home-ownership apartments', 'The Group', 'Retail sales', '2023 Revenue', '135 plots', '67 plots', 'Sainte-Marie', 'February', '45pm', 'Confirmed', 'relevance', 'strategy', 'CBOT', '20 years', '31 December', 'Variation', '€M', 'share', 'office', 'restaurant', 'leisure', 'addition', 'categories', 'opening', 'public', 'divestment', 'Anthurium', 'farmland', 'miscellaneous', 'LLS', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'delivery', '68 lots', 'products', 'construction', '2021 level', 'implementation', 'January', 'trend', 'result']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,marketscreener.com
35865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.antaranews.com/news/305295/medidata-and-sanofi-vaccines-extend-collaboration-to-improve-patient-centricity-and-trial-efficiency,Medidata and Sanofi Vaccines Extend Collaboration to Improve Patient Centricity and Trial Efficiency,- Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company and leading provider of clinical trial solutions to the life sciences industry  and Sanofi Vaccines  today announced a ...,Medidata and Sanofi Vaccines Extend Collaboration to Improve Patient Centricity and Trial EfficiencyCollaboration will harness Medidata Electronic Clinical Outcome Assessment (eCOA) for remote patient engagement and real-time data captureNew York--(ANTARA/Business Wire)-- Medidata   a Dassault Systèmes company and leading provider of clinical trial solutions to the life sciences industry  and Sanofi Vaccines  today announced a collaboration to harness Medidata eCOA to deploy in vaccine studies. This builds on Medidata and Sanofi’s longstanding  successful experience using Medidata Rave EDC (electronic data capture).The collaboration will use an eDiary function within eCOA to create an eDiary library specific to Sanofi’s vaccines. This library will accelerate future study set-up times  improve efficiency  and increase data quality  while ensuring patients have access to eDiaries that are easy to use.Sanofi has chosen to adopt eCOA’s capabilities in its vaccine studies  optimizing the patient clinical journey by reducing on-site monitoring and allowing patients to input data in real time from any location. Pilots of eCOA were performed in six vaccine studies and demonstrated high levels of patient compliance  providing highly reliable data. As a result  the collaboration has since moved out of the pilot phase  with eCOA being deployed across a pipeline of Sanofi’s vaccine clinical trials.“Expanding our collaboration with Medidata will enable us to improve our clinical development processes as we seek to deliver breakthrough vaccines to patients ” said the global head of clinical data management at Sanofi Vaccines. “Through a bespoke eDiary library  we can optimize eDiary set-up and improve data quality in current trials  while moving deeper into the digitalization era within the pharma industry.”Anthony Costello  chief executive officer  Medidata Patient Cloud  said  “At Medidata  we put the patient at the core of all of our work  and collaborating with Sanofi  who share this ethos  helps improve patient experience  the monitoring of patients in current studies  and accelerate study timelines and efficiencies in future studies.”Medidata eCOA is a full-service offering revolutionizing the way sponsors  contract research organizations  and sites collect data from patients  physicians  and caregivers. Built as part of the unified Medidata Platform  eCOA reduces study build times by up to 50% and provides a comprehensive view of patient data  while providing patients with flexibility and choice in how they engage in trial activities.Sanofi has worked with Medidata for over a decade  leveraging Medidata’s solutions across the organization  including vaccine studies  to securely and efficiently capture and manage data.About MedidataMedidata is powering smarter treatments and healthier people through digital solutions to support clinical trials. With over 20 years of ground-breaking technological innovation across more than 30 000 trials and 9 million patients  Medidata offers industry-leading expertise  analytics-powered insights  and the largest patient-level historical clinical trial data set in the world. More than 1 million registered users across 2 100+ customers trust Medidata’s seamless  end-to-end platform to improve patient experiences  accelerate clinical breakthroughs  and bring therapies to market faster. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  which with its 3DEXPERIENCE platform is positioned to lead the digital transformation of life sciences in the age of personalized medicine with the first end-to-end scientific and business platform  from research to commercialization. Medidata is headquartered in New York City and has been recognized as a Leader by Everest Group and IDC. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @MedidataAbout Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all – consumers  patients and citizens. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.ContactsMedidata PRAnalyst RelationsView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240206439222/en/ Source: MedidataReporter: PR WireEditor: PR WireCopyright © ANTARA 2024,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['Sanofi Vaccines', 'Patient Centricity', 'Trial Efficiency', 'Medidata', 'Collaboration', 'largest patient-level historical clinical trial data', 'Medidata Electronic Clinical Outcome Assessment', 'future study set-up times', 'Dassault Systèmes company', 'study build times', 'electronic data capture', 'chief executive officer', 'ground-breaking technological innovation', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'clinical trial solutions', 'clinical development processes', 'clinical data management', 'patient clinical journey', 'virtual twin experiences', 'real-time data capture', 'longstanding, successful experience', 'remote patient engagement', 'contract research organizations', '1 million registered users', 'New York City', 'vaccine clinical trials', 'Medidata Rave EDC', 'six vaccine studies', 'life sciences industry', 'bespoke eDiary library', 'Trial Efficiency Collaboration', 'Medidata Patient Cloud', 'unified Medidata Platform', 'trial activities', 'clinical breakthroughs', 'eDiary set-up', 'future studies', 'study timelines', 'patient experiences', 'patient data', 'pharma industry', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'registered trademarks', 'data quality', 'reliable data', 'Experience Economy', 'eDiary function', 'European company', 'Patient Centricity', 'patient compliance', 'end platform', 'current studies', 'ANTARA/Business Wire', 'leading provider', 'real time', 'high levels', 'pilot phase', 'global head', 'current trials', 'digitalization era', 'Anthony Costello', 'full-service offering', 'comprehensive view', 'smarter treatments', 'digital solutions', 'industry-leading expertise', 'analytics-powered insights', 'Euronext Paris', 'digital transformation', 'personalized medicine', 'first end', 'end scientific', 'Everest Group', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'meaningful impact', 'human-centered economy', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'commercial trademarks', 'Societas Europaea', 'French law', 'Versailles trade', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'breakthrough vaccines', 'business platform', '9 million patients', 'site monitoring', 'healthier people', '3DS logo', '2,100+ customers', 'real world', 'Sanofi Vaccines', 'Medidata eCOA', '30,000 trials', '300,000 customers', 'access', 'eDiaries', 'capabilities', 'location', 'Pilots', 'result', 'pipeline', 'core', 'work', 'ethos', 'efficiencies', 'way', 'sponsors', 'sites', 'physicians', 'caregivers', 'part', 'flexibility', 'choice', 'decade', '20 years', 'More', 'therapies', 'market', 'subsidiary', 'DSY', 'commercialization', 'Leader', 'IDC.', 'catalyst', 'applications', 'creation', 'production', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'citizens', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', '150 countries', 'information', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'OUTSCALE', 'SIMULIA', 'companies', 'number', '©']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,en.antaranews.com
35866,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61349279-onward-medical-nv-onward-medical-announces-presentation-at-biocapital-europe-399.htm,ONWARD Medical NV: ONWARD® MEDICAL ANNOUNCES PRESENTATION AT BIOCAPITAL EUROPE,CEO Dave Marver will present on the Company's use of brain-computer interface technology and progress toward planned commercialization of ARC-EX® later this year EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Feb. 07  2,CEO Dave Marver will present on the Company's use of brain-computer interface technology and progress toward planned commercialization of ARC-EX® later this yearEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Feb. 07  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announces its participation in BioCapital Europe in Amsterdam on February 8  2024. The event  one of Europe's leading life sciences investor conferences  is organized by life sciences venture capital fund EQT Life Sciences  an investor in ONWARD Medical.ONWARD Medical CEO Dave Marver will present and participate in 1:1 and group meetings with investors during the conference. During his engagements  he will also discuss the Company's leadership in innovative health solutions  including the use of ONWARD ARC-IM® Therapy paired with brain-computer interface (BCI) technology.*All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  and ARC Therapy  alone or in combination with a brain-computer interface (BCI)  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received nine Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX or implantable ARC-IM systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company's pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation  a component of hemodynamic instability  following SCI. Other ongoing studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI) to address multiple symptoms of SCI.Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL)  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).ONWARD Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com  and connect with us on LinkedInand YouTube.For Media Enquiries:??Aditi Roy  VP Communications?media@onwd.com??For Investor Enquiries:?Khaled Bahi  Interim CFO ?investors@onwd.com?DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.08,0.25,0.67,True,English,"['ONWARD® MEDICAL ANNOUNCES PRESENTATION', 'ONWARD Medical NV', 'BIOCAPITAL EUROPE', 'life sciences venture capital fund', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'leading life sciences investor conferences', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'ONWARD Medical CEO Dave Marver', 'nine Breakthrough Device Designations', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'EQT Life Sciences', 'spinal cord injury', 'innovative health solutions', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'upper extremity strength', 'regulatory approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'ONWARD Medical devices', 'ARC Therapy platform', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'ONWARD® ARC Therapy', 'implantable ARC-IM systems', 'implantable ARC-IM platform', 'Other ongoing studies', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'ONWARD ARC-IM® Therapy', 'brain-computer interface technology', 'medical technology company', 'Interim CFO', 'Positive results', 'Investor Enquiries', 'planned commercialization', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'group meetings', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'Drug Administration', 'pivotal study', 'hemodynamic instability', 'multiple symptoms', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'Media Enquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Khaled Bahi', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'US Food', 'US office', 'actual results', 'future accuracy', 'BCI) technology', 'commercial use', 'The Company', 'Euronext Brussels', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'BioCapital Europe', 'movement disabilities', 'external ARC-EX', 'future events', 'combination use', 'ARC-EX®', 'progress', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'ONWD', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'participation', 'Amsterdam', 'February', 'investors', 'engagements', 'leadership', 'parallel', 'component', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'ticker', 'information', 'LinkedInand', 'YouTube', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', '1:1']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,finanznachrichten.de
35867,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/onward-medical-announces-presentation-biocapital-205500261.html,ONWARD® MEDICAL ANNOUNCES PRESENTATION AT BIOCAPITAL EUROPE,CEO Dave Marver will present on the Company’s use of brain-computer interface technology and progress toward planned commercialization of ARC-EX® later this yearEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Feb. 07  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.,ONWARD Medical NVCEO Dave Marver will present on the Company’s use of brain-computer interface technology and progress toward planned commercialization of ARC-EX® later this yearEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Feb. 07  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announces its participation in BioCapital Europe in Amsterdam on February 8  2024. The event  one of Europe’s leading life sciences investor conferences  is organized by life sciences venture capital fund EQT Life Sciences  an investor in ONWARD Medical.ONWARD Medical CEO Dave Marver will present and participate in 1:1 and group meetings with investors during the conference. During his engagements  he will also discuss the Company’s leadership in innovative health solutions  including the use of ONWARD ARC-IM® Therapy paired with brain-computer interface (BCI) technology.*All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  and ARC Therapy™  alone or in combination with a brain-computer interface (BCI)  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received nine Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX or implantable ARC-IM systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation  a component of hemodynamic instability  following SCI. Other ongoing studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI) to address multiple symptoms of SCI.Story continuesHeadquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL)  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).ONWARD Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com  and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Khaled Bahi  Interim CFOinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['ONWARD® MEDICAL ANNOUNCES PRESENTATION', 'BIOCAPITAL EUROPE', 'life sciences venture capital fund', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'leading life sciences investor conferences', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'ONWARD Medical CEO Dave Marver', 'nine Breakthrough Device Designations', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'EQT Life Sciences', 'spinal cord injury', 'innovative health solutions', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'upper extremity strength', 'regulatory approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'ONWARD Medical NV', 'ONWARD Medical devices', 'ARC Therapy™ platform', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'ONWARD® ARC Therapy', 'implantable ARC-IM systems', 'implantable ARC-IM platform', 'Other ongoing studies', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'ONWARD ARC-IM® Therapy', 'brain-computer interface technology', 'medical technology company', 'Interim CFO', 'Positive results', 'Investor Enquiries', 'planned commercialization', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'group meetings', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'Drug Administration', 'pivotal study', 'hemodynamic instability', 'multiple symptoms', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'Media Enquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Khaled Bahi', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'US Food', 'US office', 'actual results', 'future accuracy', 'BCI) technology', 'commercial use', 'The Company', 'Euronext Brussels', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'BioCapital Europe', 'movement disabilities', 'external ARC-EX', 'future events', 'combination use', 'ARC-EX®', 'progress', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'ONWD', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'participation', 'Amsterdam', 'February', 'investors', 'engagements', 'leadership', 'parallel', 'component', 'Story', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'ticker', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', '1:1']",2024-02-07,2024-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
35868,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.01net.it/kalray-and-arm-to-collaborate-to-bring-data-intensive-processing-and-ai-acceleration-dpu-solutions-to-the-global-arm-ecosystem/,Kalray and Arm to Collaborate to Bring Data Intensive Processing and AI Acceleration DPU Solutions to the Global Arm Ecosystem,Kalray’s innovative DPU technology will increase access to data intensive and AI processing solutionsGRENOBLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kalray (Euronext,Kalray’s innovative DPU technology will increase access to data intensive and AI processing solutionsGRENOBLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kalray (Euronext,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['AI Acceleration DPU Solutions', 'Global Arm Ecosystem', 'Intensive Processing', 'Kalray', 'Data', 'innovative DPU technology', 'AI processing solutionsGRENOBLE', 'data intensive', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Kalray', 'access', 'France', 'Euronext']",2024-02-07,2024-02-07,01net.it
35869,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61348524-ing-group-ing-receives-summons-from-investors-399.htm,ING Group: ING receives summons from investors,ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.,"ING receives summons from investorsToday ING and certain board members were served with a writ of summons for litigation in The Netherlands on behalf of investors who claim to have suffered financial losses in connection with ING's disclosures on historic shortcomings in its financial economic crime policies  related risk management and control systems  the investigation by and settlement with the Dutch authorities in 2018 and related risks for ING.Over the past years we have disclosed that we have become aware that certain parties might  among other things  seek to commence legal proceedings against ING in connection with the subject matter of the settlement.We do not agree with the allegations and will defend ourselves against these and the claimed damages of around €500 million. We follow IFRS rules for taking legal provisions and would disclose material amounts in that regard if and when applicable - which currently is not the case.Other than that  we have no further comment at this moment.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroomor via the @ING_newsX feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Raymond Vermeulen ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 6369 Investor.Relations@ing.com (mailto:Investor.Relations@ing.com) Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com@ing.com (mailto:Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com@ing.com)ING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank's more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING's strategy  evidenced by ING's leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in July 2023. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING's management of ESG material risk to be 'strong'  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 ('Market Abuse Regulation').ING Group's annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ('IFRS- EU'). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. The financial statements for 2023 are in progress and may be subject to adjustments from subsequent events. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING's core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in 'benchmark' indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING's ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING's more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are ""green"" or ""sustainable."" Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING's control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['ING Group', 'summons', 'investors', '2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'financial economic crime policies', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'ING Group Investor Relations', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'global economic impact', 'Frequent news updates', 'same accounting principles', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG index products', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'related response measures', 'related market disruption', 'ING Group shares', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'ESG material risk', 'wholesale banking services', 'Important legal information', 'related risk management', 'other forward-looking statements', 'economic crimes', 'financial services', 'other things', 'material amounts', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial losses', 'financial markets', 'related risks', 'legal proceedings', 'legal provisions', 'Investor enquiries', 'financial information', 'board members', 'The Netherlands', 'historic shortcomings', 'control systems', 'Dutch authorities', 'past years', 'subject matter', 'IFRS rules', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'residual effects', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', ""benchmark' indices"", 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'financial statements', 'tax laws', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'Raymond.Vermeulen', 'subsequent events', 'summons', 'investors', 'writ', 'litigation', 'behalf', 'connection', 'disclosures', 'investigation', 'settlement', 'parties', 'allegations', 'damages', 'regard', 'case', 'comment', 'moment', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroomor', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'mailto', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'July', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'June', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'progress', 'adjustments', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'number', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretatio', '2023']",2024-02-06,2024-02-07,finanznachrichten.de
35870,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.ing.com/Newsroom/News/Press-releases/ING-receives-summons-from-investors.htm,ING receives summons from investors,ING and certain board members were served with a writ of summons for litigation in The Netherlands on behalf of investors who claim to have suffered financial losses in connection with ING’s disclosures on historic shortcomings in its financial economic crime policies ,Amsterdam Today ING and certain board members were served with a writ of summons for litigation in The Netherlands on behalf of investors who claim to have suffered financial losses in connection with ING’s disclosures on historic shortcomings in its financial economic crime policies  related risk management and control systems  the investigation by and settlement with the Dutch authorities in 2018 and related risks for ING.Over the past years we have disclosed that we have become aware that certain parties might  among other things  seek to commence legal proceedings against ING in connection with the subject matter of the settlement.We do not agree with the allegations and will defend ourselves against these and the claimed damages of around €500 million. We follow IFRS rules for taking legal provisions and would disclose material amounts in that regard if and when applicable – which currently is not the case.Other than that  we have no further comment at this moment.Note for editorsMore on investor information  go to the investor relations section on this site.For news updates  go to the newsroom on this site or via X (@ING_news feed).For ING photos such as board members  buildings  go to Flickr.ING profileING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operatingcompany ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York StockExchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING'sEnvironmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in July 2023. As of December 2023 Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal information,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.23,0.17,0.6,True,English,"['ING', 'summons', 'investors', 'financial economic crime policies', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'New York Stock', 'ESG index products', 'investor relations section', 'leading providers Euronext', 'ESG material risk', 'wholesale banking services', 'Important legal information', 'ING Group shares', 'related risk management', 'financial losses', 'investor information', 'ESG) rating', 'related risks', 'material amounts', 'leading position', 'legal proceedings', 'legal provisions', 'board members', 'The Netherlands', 'historic shortcomings', 'control systems', 'Dutch authorities', 'past years', 'other things', 'subject matter', 'IFRS rules', 'news updates', 'ING_news feed', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'sector benchmarks', 'FTSE Russell', 'ING photos', 'ING profile', 'ING Bank', 'ING US', 'major sustainability', 'ING.', 'Amsterdam', 'writ', 'summons', 'litigation', 'behalf', 'investors', 'connection', 'disclosures', 'investigation', 'settlement', 'parties', 'allegations', 'damages', 'regard', 'case', 'comment', 'moment', 'Note', 'editors', 'site', 'newsroom', 'buildings', 'Flickr', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Social', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'July', 'December', 'Sustainalytics', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar']",2024-02-07,2024-02-07,ing.com
35871,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2024/02/07/dublin-bucks-downward-trend-in-european-while-wall-street-gains/,Dublin bucks downward trend in Europe  while Wall Street gains,US investors digested a spate of earnings reports and comments from the Federal Reserve that interest rates may start to fall this year.,US investors digested a spate of earnings reports and comments from the Federal Reserve that interest rates may start to fall this year. Photograph: Michael Nagle/BloombergEuronext Dublin outperformed European peers on Wednesday  logging gains while other markets across the Continent were in the red.In the US  Wall Street’s indices rose as investors digested a spate of earnings reports and comments from the Federal Reserve that interest rates may start to fall this year.DublinEuronext Dublin gained 0.92 per cent on Wednesday  to close at 9 144.64.READ MOREAmong the banks  AIB fell by 1.26 per cent to €3.92  and Permanent TSB lost 0.90 per cent to close at €1.65. On the upside  Bank of Ireland gained 0.77 per cent  to close at €8.08.Packaging giant Smurfit Kappa saw shares rise 3.42 per cent  to €34.82  as it signalled its planned acquisition of US rival WestRock in a $21 billion-plus (€19.5 billion-plus) deal would close in early July this year.Publishing results for 2023 on Wednesday  Smurfit Kappa said revenues and profits both fell last year  but results were still “the second best” in the company’s 90-year history.Home builder Cairn Homes gained 1.83 per cent to close at €1.45  and peer Glenveagh Properties was flat at €1.20. Meanwhile  building materials company Kingspan rose by 3.28 per cent to €76.88.Ryanair rose by 0.48 per cent to close at €19.84  as the airline won a European Union court challenge on Wednesday  against the EU’s approval of €3.4 billion in state aid for rival Air France-KLM.Food company Kerry Group rose by 0.77 per cent to €81.32  while peer Glanbia gained 0.80 per cent to €16.30.LondonThe UK’s export heavy FTSE 100 Index edged down on Wednesday  falling by 0.68 per cent to close at 7 628.75. Meanwhile  the more domestically focused FTSE Mid-Cap 250 Index fell by 0.35 per cent to close at 19 104.53.Supermarket chain Sainsbury’s fell by 6.06 per cent to the bottom of the FTSE 100 as it announced plans to cut a further £1 billion (€1.17 billion) in costs over the next three years.Barratt Developments fell by 5.47 per cent after the residential property development company agreed to buy home builder Redrow for about £2.52 billion. Redrow shares climbed 14.75 per cent  to the top of the FTSE Mid-Cap 250 Index.Soap maker PZ Cussons dropped 16.41 per cent to the bottom of the mid-cap index after it forecast lower annual profit and slashed its interim dividend.EuropeThe pan-European Stoxx 600 Index fell by 0.3 per cent on Wednesday  to close at 485.30. At the same time  the French CAC 40 Index fell by 0.36 per cent to 7 611.26  and the German DAX Index was down 0.65 per cent to close at 16 921.96.Shares of Vestas Wind rose by 6.36 per cent to the top of the Stoxx after the Danish wind turbine maker beat fourth-quarter operating earnings forecasts.Carlsberg gained 4.02 per cent  after the Danish brewer reported revenue growth of 4.7 per cent on Wednesday  in advance of estimates.TeamViewer’s shares jumped 5.42 per cent after the German software developer reported higher-than-expected fourth-quarter revenue and earnings.Equinor shed 7.76 per cent after the Norwegian oil and gas producer said it would cut its overall cash returns to shareholders this year by $3 billion.New YorkWall Street’s three main indices gained on Wednesday  as investors took stock of big earnings reports from the likes of Ford and Snapchat owner Snap  and Federal Reserve comments that interest rates may be lowered in 2024.Federal Reserve Bank of Boston president Susan Collins said on Wednesday that if the economy meets her expectations the central bank will likely be able to lower rates at some point later this year.Ford Motor Company gained after the automaker increased its first-quarter dividend and decided to scale back investments in new capacity for loss-making electric vehicles.On the flip side  Snap slumped more than 30 per cent on missing quarterly revenue estimates  as the Snapchat owner struggled to compete for advertising dollars against heavyweights such as Meta and Alphabet.Uber Technologies saw gains as it forecast quarterly core profit and gross bookings above estimates.Enphase Energy surged as the solar inverter maker expects inventory levels to normalise and demand for its products to pick up by the end of second quarter.Additional reporting by Reuters.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['downward trend', 'Wall Street', 'Dublin', 'Europe', 'Boston president Susan Collins', 'European Union court challenge', 'residential property development company', 'fourth-quarter operating earnings forecasts', 'Danish wind turbine maker', 'missing quarterly revenue estimates', 'quarterly core profit', 'rival Air France-KLM', 'next three years', 'lower annual profit', 'German software developer', 'overall cash returns', 'loss-making electric vehicles', 'solar inverter maker', 'French CAC 40 Index', 'German DAX Index', 'building materials company', 'peer Glenveagh Properties', 'heavy FTSE 100 Index', 'FTSE Mid-Cap 250 Index', 'US rival WestRock', 'three main indices', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 Index', 'big earnings reports', 'Ford Motor Company', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'Federal Reserve comments', 'fourth-quarter revenue', 'mid-cap index', 'European peers', 'Soap maker', 'Vestas Wind', 'Danish brewer', 'revenue growth', 'Food company', 'peer Glanbia', 'other markets', 'Wall Street', 'Permanent TSB', 'Packaging giant', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'planned acquisition', 'early July', '90-year history', 'Home builder', 'Cairn Homes', 'state aid', 'Kerry Group', 'Supermarket chain', 'Barratt Developments', 'PZ Cussons', 'interim dividend', 'same time', 'Norwegian oil', 'gas producer', 'New York', 'Snapchat owner', 'central bank', 'first-quarter dividend', 'back investments', 'new capacity', 'flip side', 'advertising dollars', 'Uber Technologies', 'gross bookings', 'Enphase Energy', 'inventory levels', 'second quarter', 'Additional reporting', 'interest rates', 'Euronext Dublin', '0.77 per cent', '0.48 per cent', '0.68 per cent', '0.35 per cent', '5.47 per cent', '0.3 per cent', '0.36 per cent', '4.02 per cent', '4.7 per cent', 'Publishing results', 'The UK', 'US investors', 'Redrow shares', '0.92 per', '1.26 per', '1.83 per', '3.28 per', '6.06 per', '6.36 per', 'spate', 'Photograph', 'Bloomberg', 'Wednesday', 'gains', 'Continent', 'READ', 'banks', 'AIB', 'upside', 'Ireland', 'deal', 'revenues', 'profits', 'Kingspan', 'Ryanair', 'airline', 'approval', 'London', 'export', 'Sainsbury', 'bottom', 'plans', 'costs', 'top', 'Carlsberg', 'advance', 'TeamViewer', 'Equinor', 'shareholders', 'stock', 'likes', 'economy', 'expectations', 'point', 'automaker', 'heavyweights', 'Meta', 'Alphabet', 'demand', 'products', 'Reuters', '30']",2024-02-07,2024-02-07,irishtimes.com
