UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
24798,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AB-SAGAX-PUBL-10871856/news/AB-Sagax-Corporate-Governance-Report-2022-43827084/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,AB Sagax : Corporate Governance Report 2022,(marketscreener.com)    Corporate Governance Report   Sagax's owners govern the company directly and indirectly through various decision-making systems. The corporate governance applied at Sagax meets the requirements stated in the Swedish Companies Act…,"Days : Hours : Minutes : Seconds AB Sagax : Corporate Governance Report 2022 05/12/2023 | 03:33am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Corporate Governance Report Sagax's owners govern the company directly and indirectly through various decision-making systems. The corporate governance applied at Sagax meets the requirements stated in the Swedish Companies Act  the Swedish Annual Accounts Act  the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the Code) and Nasdaq Stockholm's Rule Book for Issuers. ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION According to the Articles of Association  AB Sagax is a public company (publ). The Board is domiciled in Stockholm  Sweden. The company  directly or directly  is to own  manage and operate activities involving real estate trading and to conduct other compatible operations. For further information  see Sagax's website www.sagax.se. SWEDISH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE The Swedish Corporate Governance Code came into effect on 1 July 2005. As of 1 July 2008  the Code applies to all companies with shares traded on Nasdaq Stockholm. The Code is intended to serve as one component of self-regulation in the Swedish business sector. It is based on the ""comply or explain"" principle  meaning that it is not necessary to comply with all of the regulations all of the time  and that it is not wrong to deviate from one or more individual regulations in the Code if there is a reason which is explained. The Code addresses the decision-­ making systems through which the owners directly or indirectly govern the company. The main emphasis is on the Board in its capacity as the central player in corporate governance. The Code is managed by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board and is available at www.corporategovernanceboard.se. Regulations in the corporate governance area for listed companies can be found in the Swedish Companies Act  the stock exchanges' listing requirements and regulations and opinions from the Swedish Securities Council. The Board of Directors has chosen to appoint two members to the Audit Committee rather than three in accordance with the Code. The reason is that the Board of Directors consists of six members in total  and having two members on these committees is considered appropriate. The entire Board of Directors has chosen to only meet the company's auditors in the presence of the CEO  which is natural since he is the com- pany's largest shareholder. The date of birth of Board members and management is not presented as this information is not relevant when assessing expertise and expe- rience. Education  Board assignments and work experience are pre- sented. GENERAL MEETING The AGM is the company's highest decision-making body. At the AGM  all shareholders are given the opportunity to exercise influence over the company represented by their respective shareholdings. In addition to the obligatory items stipulated in the Articles of Association  the following resolutions were made: Annual General Meeting 11 May 2022 The AGM of Sagax on 11 May 2022 resolved: ■ To adopt the Board's proposed dividend of SEK 2.15 per Class A and Class B common share and SEK 2.00 per Class D common share for the 2021 financial year  with quarterly distributions of SEK 0.50 per Class D common share. ■ To discharge the Board Members and the CEO from personal liability for the 2021 financial year. ■ That the number of Board Members amount to six for the period until the next AGM. ■ To re-elect the Board Members Johan Cederlund  Filip Engelbert  David Mindus  Staffan Salén  Johan Thorell and Ulrika Werdelin. Staffan Salén was appointed Chairman of the Board. ■ To pay fees in the amount of SEK 330 000 to the Board Chairman and SEK 180 000 to each other non-executive Board member elected by the AGM. The fees also include remuneration for committee work. ■ To re-elect Ernst & Young AB as auditors  with Jonas Svensson as the auditor-in-charge. Fees to the auditors are to be paid based on approved invoices. MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE Preparatory function Decision-making function Control function Nomination Shareholders Auditors Committee via the AGM Remuneration Board of Audit Committee Committee Directors CEO Company management AB SAGAX 2022 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT This document is an in-house translation of the Swedish annual report. In the 1 event of discrepancies  the Swedish original will supersede the translation. ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ To approve the Board of Director's 2021 Remuneration Report. ■ To introduce the Incentive Plan 2022/2025 through the: a) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Satrap Kapitalförvaltning AB and; b) approval of the transfer of the warrants to employees of the Company or its subsidiaries. ■ Resolution concerning authorisation of the Board of Directors to increase the share capital through new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles. ■ To authorise the Board  on one or more occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting  to make decisions to acquire common shares  warrants and/or convertibles. The company's holdings at any time may not exceed a tenth of the total number of shares in the company. ■ Amendment of the Articles of Association. Annual General Meeting on 9 May 2023 Sagax's AGM will be held on 9 May 2023 at 4:00 p.m. at Nalen  David Bagares gata 17 in Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders will be able to exercise their voting rights through postal voting in accordance with Article 9 of Sagax's Articles of Association  or through physical atten- dance  postal voting or via a proxy. Shareholders intending to participate in the AGM by postal voting must: ■ Be registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") on Friday  28 April 2023. ■ Notify the company of their participation by voting in advance using the special form not later than Wednesday  3 May 2023. More information is available on the company's website: www.sagax.se. The completed form is to be sent to AB Sagax  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to General- MeetingService@euroclear.com. The completed form may also be sent electronically using a BankID signature according to the instructions on anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Shareholders intending to attend the AGM in person must: ■ Be registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") on Friday  28 April 2023. ■ Notify the company of their intention to participate not later than Wednesday  3 May 2023 at the following address: AB Sagax  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Notification should include name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and telephone number. Notice to convene the AGM  including resolution proposals  is presented on the company's website: www.sagax.se. NOMINATION COMMITTEE Sagax's Nomination Committee is  according to the instructions resolved at the 2022 AGM  to consist of four members  one of whom is to be the Chairman of the Board. The three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders in terms of votes  pertaining to directly registered shareholders and nominee-registered shareholders  according to Euroclear's transcript of the shareholders' register on 30 September 2022  are to each appoint one representative to  in addition to the Chairman of the Board  constitute the Nomination Committee ahead of the 2023 Annual General Meeting. The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are to be independent in relation to the company and company management. At least one of the Nomination Com- mittee's members must be independent in relation to the company's 2 This document is an in-house translation of the Swedish annaul report. In the event of discrepancies  the Swedish original will supersede the translation. largest shareholder or the group of shareholders  in terms of votes  that works together in respect of the administration of the company. The CEO or another member of executive management must not be a member of the Nomination Committee. Board Members may be appointed to the Nomination Committee but are not to constitute a majority of its members. If more than one Board Member is appointed to the Nomination Committee  at least one of them is required to be dependent in relation to the company's major shareholders. The Nomination Committee is to elect its chairman from among its own members. The Chairman of the Board or any other Board member is not to be elected chairman of the Nomination Committee. The composition of the Nomination Committee must be announced no later than six months prior to the 2023 AGM. The Nomination Committee announced on 8 November 2022 has the following composition: Björn Alsén  Chairman  nominated by David Mindus and companies. Erik Salén  nominated by the Salén family and companies. Olof Nyström  nominated by the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund. Staffan Salén  Chairman of the Sagax Board of Directors. The Nomination Committee has  in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the Code  decided on a diversity policy for election to the Board. The policy states that ""The Board must have an appropriate composition in terms of expertise and expe- rience. It is considered important that members are also shareholders in the company. It is of the utmost importance that the selection of members is non-discriminatory on the grounds of sex  transgender identity or expression  ethnicity  religion or other belief  disability  ­sexual orientation and age."" The Nomination Committee held two minuted meetings and also maintained contact by telephone and e-mail. BOARD OF DIRECTORS According to the Articles of Association  Sagax's Board is to comprise at least three and at most eight members  with no deputies. Sagax's Board of Directors consists of six members  who were elected at the 2022 AGM. The Board comprises Board Members Johan Cederlund  Filip Engelbert  Staffan Salén  Johan Thorell  Ulrika Werdelin and CEO David Mindus. Staffan Salén was appointed Chairman of the Board. The term of all Board Members runs until the end of the next AGM. For further information about the Members of the Board  see pages 7-8. Board of Directors' work plan The Board's tasks are governed by the Swedish Companies Act and the Articles of Association. The Board's work is also governed by the formal work plan adopted by the Board every year at the statutory Board meeting or the AGM. The formal work plan describes the Board's tasks and the division of responsibility between the Board and the CEO. The directive issued to the CEO and the instructions on financial reporting are adopted at the same time. ■ The Board's tasks include deciding on the acquisition and disposal of companies and properties  procurement of loans and guarantees  organisational issues  forecasts and full-year and interim reports. ■ According to the formal work plan  the Board must meet at least five times per calendar year in addition to the statutory meeting and strategy meeting. ■ The work plan regulates the issues that must always be considered at these five meetings and the statutory meeting. AB SAGAX 2022 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Chairman of the Board According to the Board's work plan  it is the Chairman of the Board's responsibility to ensure that the Board performs its work effectively and fulfils its obligations. It is also the responsibility of the Chairman to carry out the assignments instructed by the AGM as regards the establishment of the Nomination Committee  participate in its work  and ensure that the Board's work is evaluated once a year. In addition  the Chairman of the Board is to ensure that Board matters are not handled in a way that contravenes the provisions of the Swedish Companies Act or the Articles of Association  and ensure that Board members are familiar with legislation on insider trading and the company's insider policy. The Board's work in 2022 Sagax's Board held 23 minuted meetings in 2022  one of which was a statutory meeting. The main issues at the meetings for the year were acquisition and divestment of properties  funding issues and the adoption of interim reports and forecasts. The Board was also informed of the current state of the business. The company invests in properties that are expected to fulfil the Group's requirements for returns and risk. Each investment is considered separately when decisions are made. The Chairman of the Board ensured that the Board's work was evaluated and the results then discussed by the Board. The financial targets adopted by the Board were followed up as budgets and quarterly reports were adopted. BOARD COMMITTEES Remuneration Committee At its statutory meeting on 11 May 2022  the Board appointed a Remuneration Committee consisting of Ulrika Werdelin and Johan Cederlund­ . The Board has adopted an instruction concerning the work of the Remuneration Committee. The task of the Remuneration Committee is to prepare issues concerning remuneration and other terms and conditions of employment for senior executives. The Remuneration Committee held one meeting about remuneration. The Committee's report is available from the Sagax website: www.sagax.se. Audit Committee The members of the Audit Committee  which was appointed at the Board's statutory meeting on 11 May 2022  are Johan Thorell and Staffan Salén. The Audit Committee meets the company's auditors three times a year. The Board has adopted an instruction concerning the work of the Audit Committee. The task of the Audit Committee is to maintain and increase the efficiency of contacts with the Group's auditors  exercise supervision over accounting and financial statements procedures  evaluate the auditors' work and monitor the development of accounting policies and requirements. The Audit Committee held three minuted meetings with the auditor in 2022  as well as one minuted meeting to date in 2023. During these meetings  topics including the auditors' examination of the company's financial reporting and internal controls were presented and discussed. The auditors' observations and opinions were subsequently reported to the Board. FUNDAMENTAL STRUCTURE FOR BOARD WORK AT SAGAX DEC December Board meeting ■ Budget for the forthcoming year ■ State of the business ■ Financing issues and risks ■ Capital structure ■ Evaluation of the Board of Directors ■ Evaluation of company management ■ Organisational issues OCT October Board meeting ■ Interim financial report and forecast ■ Accounting and auditing issues  as well as the audit report ■ Profit outcomes ■ State of the business ■ Financing issues and risks ■ Internal control ■ Organisational issues OCT Strategy meeting in October ■ Strategy issues ■ State of the business ■ Financing issues and risks ■ Organisational issues r Ja be n m e u a c e r r D y F e b e m er J an r mb ua u ce e e ri a r D N o v F r e y b e m b r u e a r o v r N i e r M b a e o b M r t o a c c t r h O k s O r r e e b A A b m p e t r m i p p l e e r t S i p l e i M S t s u a g j u t A M s uJ u il n a uJ i g y u A J yl u n e uJ JUL July Board meeting ■ Semi-annual report and forecast ■ Profit outcomes ■ State of the business ■ Financing issues and risks ■ Organisational issues FEB February Board meeting ■ Year-end report and forecast ■ Accounting and auditing issues  as well as the audit report ■ Profit outcomes ■ State of the business ■ Financing issues and risks ■ Organisational issues ■ Reports from Board committees ■ Forthcoming AGM MAY May Board meeting ■ Interim financial report and forecast ■ Profit outcomes ■ State of the business ■ Financing issues and risks ■ Organisational issues ■ Forthcoming AGM MAY Board statutory meeting ■ Formal work plan and policy documents ■ Board committees ■ Signatory power ■ Authorisation manual ■ Meeting plan AB SAGAX 2022 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT This document is an in-house translation of the Swedish annual report. In the 3 event of discrepancies  the Swedish original will supersede the translation. STOCK MARKET INFORMATION The company is required to provide rapid  correct  relevant and reliable information. The company submits interim reports concerning the business on a quarterly basis  and a year-end report and annual report for the entire financial year. Sagax uses its website to rapidly provide information to the stock market. Significant events are announced through separate press releases. OTHER DISCLOSURES CONCERNING THE BOARD AND MANAGEMENT There are no conflicts of interest between the Board or management on the one hand and the company on the other. Board Members Johan Cederlund  Filip Engelbert  Johan Thorell and Ulrika Werdelin are independent in relation to the company  company management and the company's principal owners. Board member David Mindus  who is also Sagax's CEO  is dependent in relation to the company. Staffan Salén and David Mindus each represent in excess of 10% of the voting rights and are thus considered to be dependent in relation to the company's principal owners. Independence in relation to the company and its principal owners entails that there are no extensive business connections with the company  and that the Board Members represent less than 10% of the shares or voting rights at year end. No special agreements have been reached between Sagax and major shareholders  customers  suppliers or other parties that caused any Board members or executive management to be chosen for these posts. There are no restrictions on the rights of Board Members or senior executives to sell their Sagax securities. None of the Group's member companies has entered into agreements that entitle Board Members or members of executive management to benefits after their respective assignments end. However  members of executive management are entitled to a salary for a certain period when their employment has been terminated by the company; see Note 5. REMUNERATION OF THE BOARD AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES The AGM on 11 May 2022 resolved to pay a total of SEK 1 050 000 in director fees  of which SEK 330 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 180 000 to each other non-executive Board member elected by the AGM. The CEO receives no compensation for his Board assignment for Sagax. Fees to the auditors are to be paid based on approved invoices. The 2022 AGM resolved on guidelines on remuneration of the CEO and other members of Sagax's management. Variable cash remuneration encompassed by these guidelines aims to promote Sagax's business strategy and long-term interests. Sagax has long-termshare-related incentive plans that were resolved by general meetings and thus are not encompassed by these guidelines. The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Fulfilment of the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration is measured for a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to a maximum of 50% of the fixed annual salary. The period of notice for termination of employment by Sagax may be a maximum of six months. The period of notice for termination of employment by the senior executive may be a maximum of six months. Severance pay is not paid. For more information about Sagax's guidelines for remuneration of senior execu- tives  see Sagax's website: www.sagax.se. 4 This document is an in-house translation of the Swedish annaul report. In the event of discrepancies  the Swedish original will supersede the translation. AB Sagax has complied with the guidelines resolved by the AGM. For further information about remuneration of company management  see Note 5. AUDIT The auditors are required to examine the company's annual report and accounting  as well as the management by the Board and the CEO. The auditors are required to attend  and present a report at  the Board meeting where the decision is made whether to adopt the annual accounts for the preceding financial year. The auditors are required to submit an auditor's report to the AGM after every financial year. The auditor also reviewed the interim report for January-September 2022  and submitted a review report concerning the interim financial infor- mation. The auditors are elected by the AGM for a one-year term. The 2022 AGM elected the authorised accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  with Authorised Public Accountant Jonas Svensson as the signing auditor-in-charge for the period until the 2023 AGM. Jonas Svensson has been Sagax's auditor since 2022. The company's auditor-in-charge attended one Sagax Board meeting in 2022 and one to date in 2023. INTERNAL CONTROL According to the Companies Act and the Code  the Board is responsible for internal control. This report on the company's internal control has been prepared in accordance with the Code. It concerns the company's financial statements. Control environment The basis for internal control consists of the control environment  which as a whole forms the organisational structure  culture and values governing Sagax. The control environment comprises all of Sagax's policies  guidelines  processes  standards and procedures. The company has a relatively small organisation. Property caretaking and on-call services have been outsourced  and in certain cases the tenants are responsible for the property caretaking. Administrative services have been purchased for the Danish and German operations concerning tax accounting and accounting records. Administrative management in the various countries is handled by the local offices in each country. Control and follow-up of the business take place locally Control environment Follow-up Process Risk assessment for internal control Information Control and activities communication AB SAGAX 2022 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT and from the Stockholm office. Sagax's internal control is based on the principles of clear divisions of responsibility  limited mandates  well-defineddecision-making paths  and regular follow-ups that have been documented and communicated in governing documents such as the Board's formal work plan  financial policy  authorisation manuals and reporting instructions. Internal policies  guidelines and manuals are also important to internal control. Current documents are regularly updated when changes are made to legislation  accounting standards or listing requirements. Risk assessment Risk management is built into the company's processes and various methods are used to evaluate and limit risks and to ensure that the risks faced by Sagax are managed in accordance with established policies and guidelines. In accordance with the formal work plan  the Audit Committee reviews internal control at least once annually with the company's audi- tors  and the review is presented to the Board at the following Board meeting. Risks are identified  and measures are established to reduce these risks. The significant risks that Sagax has identified related to the financial reporting are misstatements in the accounts and the valuation of properties  taxes and VAT  and the risk of fraud  losses or misappropriation of assets. Control activities The identified risks concerning financial reporting are managed via the company's control structures  resulting in several control activi- ties. These activities are intended to prevent  detect and correct errors and discrepancies and include analytical follow-up at several levels of the organisation and comparison of profit/loss items  account rec- onciliations  follow-up and reconciliation of Board resolutions and policies adopted by the Board  approval and accounting of business transactions  proxy and authority structures  authorised signatories  Group-wide definitions  templates  reporting tools and accounting and valuation principles. Standardised reporting procedures and clear work plans and divisions of responsibility are important parts of Sagax's control activities. When Sagax's financial statements are prepared  specific attention is given to examining and analysing significant income statement and balance-sheet items. Risk management concerning these items is the highest priority. Regarding the income statement  the main items pri- oritised are rental revenue  financial items and changes in value  which are partially dependent on judgments. With respect to the balance sheet  major emphasis is placed on analysing the items of investment properties and interest-bearing liabilities. System controls  process description and various intra-Group directives are used to ensure that no material misstatements have occurred or could occur. Property managers have a clear profit responsibility for the properties in their charge. Together with the analysis performed at Group level  their regular analyses of the properties' financial results are an important part of internal controls to ensure that the financial statements are free of material misstatements. Sagax continuously develops its system support for the operation. Information and communication The aim of Sagax's information and communications policy is to provide efficient and accurate information about its financial statements. The company's insider and financial policies also address information and communication about the financial statements. Policies and guidelines for financial statements  as well as updates and amendments  are available to the relevant employees. The percentage of employees who confirmed that they had studied the policies in 2022 was 98%. The company's rules and regulations are designed according to Swedish law  Nasdaq Stockholm regulations and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. Company management presents the quarterly report to all employees after it has been communicated in accordance with the rules and regulations. The Board receives additional information about risk man- agement  internal control and financial statements from the auditors via the Audit Committee  or at Board meetings attended by the auditors. Governance and monitoring Profit outcomes are continuously followed up at several levels of the company  i.e. at both the property and Group levels. They are checked against both budget and forecasts. The results are analysed by both the administration and accounts departments. This is then reported to CEO and the Board. According to the Board's instruction to the Audit Committee  the company's auditors must report directly to the Audit Committee at least twice annually. The auditors must report their observations from their examination and their assessment of the internal control. Their observations are then presented to the Board at the following Board meeting. Minutes from the Audit Committee meetings are incorporated into Board materials prior to the next Board meeting. Need for internal auditing The effectiveness of internal auditing largely depends on the compa- ny's organisational structure and the size of the organisation. Sagax has a relatively small organisation  with the administration of finance  accounting and leases managed from the company's Stockholm  Helsinki ­ Rotterdam  Paris and Barcelona offices. Profit/loss and the balance sheet are followed up quarterly  by the various functions in the company and by company management. As a result of these consid- erations  the company does not see a need for a special internal audit unit. Whistle-blower function Sagax's whistle-blower function is available on the company's website. This whistle-blower system is a warning system that enables both employees and external stakeholders to anonymously report any deviations from Sagax's ethical guidelines. The service is administered by an external party to ensure anonymity and professionalism. AB SAGAX 2022 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT This document is an in-house translation of the Swedish annual report. In the 5 event of discrepancies  the Swedish original will supersede the translation. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Sagax AB published this content on 12 May 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 12 May 2023 07:32:18 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about AB SAGAX (PUBL) 05/12 Ab Sagax : Sustainability report 2022 PU 05/12 Ab Sagax : Corporate Governance Report 2022 PU 05/10 AB SAGAX (PUBL) : Ex-dividend day for final dividend FA 05/09 Annual general meeting in ab sagax AQ 05/09 AB Sagax Approves Dividend on its Ordinary Share of Series D for the Financial Year 202.. CI 05/09 AB Sagax Approves Dividend on its Ordinary Share of Series A and Series B for the Finan.. CI 05/09 First quarter of 2023 AQ 05/09 AB Sagax Reports Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31  2023 CI 05/08 Sagax invests sek 529 million through 9 transactions AQ 04/19 Sagax completes previously announced divestment of 36 properties in spain AQ Analyst Recommendations on AB SAGAX (PUBL) 2021 Sagax's rating outlook changed to positive AQ",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Corporate Governance Report', 'AB Sagax', 'Preparatory function Decision-making function Control function', 'AB SAGAX 2022 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT', 'Satrap Kapitalförvaltning AB', 'Audit Committee Committee Directors CEO', ""stock exchanges' listing requirements"", 'Class B common share', 'Class D common share', 'Swedish Annual Accounts Act', 'Corporate Governance Report Sagax', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Corporate Governance Code', 'Swedish Corporate Governance Board', 'Nomination Shareholders Auditors Committee', 'Swedish annual report', 'various decision-making systems', 'corporate governance area', 'highest decision-making body', 'Swedish business sector', 'Swedish Securities Council', 'multiple email addresses', 'real estate trading', 'other compatible operations', 'decision-\xad making systems', 'Staffan Salén', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Seconds AB Sagax', 'committee work', 'Class A', 'share capital', '2021 Remuneration Report', 'Swedish original', 'Young AB', 'AGM Remuneration Board', 'common shares', 'next AGM', 'listed companies', 'Rule Book', 'main emphasis', 'central player', 'two members', 'six members', 'largest shareholder', 'expe- rience', 'work experience', 'respective shareholdings', 'obligatory items', 'following resolutions', '2021 financial year', 'quarterly distributions', 'personal liability', 'Johan Cederlund', 'Filip Engelbert', 'David Mindus', 'Johan Thorell', 'Ulrika Werdelin', 'Jonas Svensson', 'Incentive Plan', 'new issues', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'entire Board', 'Board members', 'Board assignments', 'MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE', 'First name', 'house translation', 'one component', 'individual regulations', 'public company', 'The Code', 'Board Chairman', 'Company management', 'Days', 'Hours', 'Minutes', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'owners', 'Issuers', 'ASSOCIATION', 'Articles', 'Sweden', 'activities', 'information', 'website', 'effect', '1 July', 'self-regulation', 'principle', 'time', 'reason', 'capacity', 'corporategovernanceboard', 'opinions', 'accordance', 'total', 'committees', 'presence', 'date', 'birth', 'expertise', 'Education', 'opportunity', 'influence', 'addition', '11 May', 'SEK', 'number', 'period', 'fees', 'amount', 'Ernst', 'charge', 'invoices', 'document', '1 event', 'discrepancies', 'warrants', 'subsidiary', 'approval', 'transfer', 'employees', 'subsidiaries', 'authorisation', 'convertibles', 'occasions', 'decisions']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24799,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOUND-ENERGY-PLC-12293093/news/Sound-Energy-Notice-of-AGM-2023-43834544/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Sound Energy : Notice of AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)    THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to what action to take  you should consult your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriate independent professional adviser au…,"Days : Hours : Minutes : Seconds Sound Energy : Notice of AGM 2023 05/12/2023 | 11:57am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to what action to take  you should consult your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriate independent professional adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your shares in Sound Energy plc  please forward this document and the accompanying form of proxy to the person through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. You will not have received a hard copy proxy form for the 2023 AGM in the post and instead you can submit your proxy vote electronically by accessing the shareholder portal at www.signalshares.com  logging in and selecting the 'Vote Online Now' link. Full details of how to vote are set out in notes 2 and 3 in the Notes to the Notice of Meeting. Can we please ask that you submit your proxy so as to reach the Company's registrar no later than 12.00 noon on Friday  9 June 2023 or if you are a CREST member  by using the service provided by Euroclear. NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (registered in England and Wales No. 05344804) Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Sound Energy plc (the ""Company"") will be held at 20 St Dunstan's Hill  London  EC3R 8HL on Tuesday  13 June 2023 at 12:00 noon for the purposes of considering and  if thought fit  passing the following resolutions 1-5 as ordinary resolutions and 6-7 as special resolutions: ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS Resolution 1 To receive the audited annual accounts of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 together with the Director's report  the Strategic report and the Auditor's report on those annual accounts. Resolution 2 THAT Crowe UK LLP be re-appointed as the Auditor of the Company  to hold office from the conclusion of this AGM to the conclusion of the next general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company. Resolution 3 THAT the Directors be authorised to determine the remuneration of the Auditors. Resolution 4 THAT Mohammed Seghiri be re-appointed as a Director of the Company  having retired by rotation under Article 124 of the Articles of Association and  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment. Resolution 5 THAT the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  to exercise allof the powers of the Company to allot Relevant Securities in accordance with section 551(3) and(6) of the Act and grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  shares in the Company: up to an aggregate nominal amount (within the meaning of sections 551(3) and (6) of the Act) of £5 546 108 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount allotted or granted under (b) below in excess of such sum); and comprising equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) up to an aggregate nominal amount (within the meaning of section 551(3) and (6) of the Act) of £11 092 216 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount allotted or granted allotments or grants made under (a) above) in connection with or pursuant to an offer or invitation by way of a rights issue in favour of:(i) holders of ordinary shares in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to the respective number of ordinary shares held by them on the record date for such allotment; and holders of any other class of equity securities entitled to participate therein or if the Directors consider it necessary  as permitted by the rights of those securities  but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may consider necessary or appropriate to deal with fractional entitlements  treasury shares  record dates or legal  regulatory or practical difficulties which may arise under the laws of  or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory or any other matter whatsoever  provided that such authorities shall expire at the conclusion of the AGM of the Company in 2024 or on 30 June 2024 whichever is the earlier  save that the Company may before such expiry make any offer or agreement which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to be granted  after such expiry and the Directors may allot shares  or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares  in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authorities conferred by this resolution had not expired. Resolution 6 THAT subject to the passing of Resolution 5 as set out in the notice of this AGM  the Directors be empowered pursuant to sections 570(1) and 573 of the Act to: allot equity securities of the Company (as defined in section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 5 of the notice of this AGM; and sell ordinary shares (as defined in section 560(1) of the Act) held by the Company as treasury shares for cash in each case as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to such allotment or sale  provided that this power shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares for cash: in connection with or pursuant to an offer of or invitation to acquire equity securities (but in the case of the authority granted under Resolution 5(b)  by way of a rights issue only) in favourof holders of ordinary shares in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to the respective number of ordinary shares held by them on the record date for such allotment (and holders of any other class of equity securities entitled to participate therein or if the Directors consider it necessary  as permitted by the rights of those securities) but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may consider necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements  record dates or legal or practical difficulties which may arise under the laws of any territory or the regulations or requirements of any regulatory authority or any stock exchange in any territory or any other matter whatsoever; and in the case of the authorisation granted under Resolution 6(a) above (or in the case of any sale of treasury shares) and otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) of this resolution  up to an aggregate nominal amount of £3 697 405. The power granted by this resolution shall expire on the conclusion of the AGM of the Company in 2024 or on 30 June 2024  whichever is the earlier  save that the Company may before such expiry make any offer or agreement that would or might require equity securities to be allotted  or treasury shares to be sold  after such expiry  and the Directors may allot equity securities or sell treasury shares in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the power conferred by this resolution had not expired. Resolution 7 THAT the Company be and it is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of Section 701 of the 2006 Act to make market purchases (as defined in Section 693(4) of the 2006 Act) of ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company  on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may from time to time determine provided that: (i). the maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares which may be purchased is 184 870 267 (ii). the minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each ordinary share is £0.01. (iii). The maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for any ordinary share is the higher of: 105 per cent of the average market value of an ordinary share in the Company for the five business days prior to the day the purchase is made; and the value of an ordinary share calculated on the basis of the higher of the price quoted for: the last independent trade of; and the highest current independent bid for  any number of the Company's ordinary shares on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out. In exercising this authority the Company may purchase shares using any currency  including pounds sterling  US dollars and euros. This authority shall expire on the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or on 30 June 2024  whichever is the earlier  provided that  the Company may before such expiry make a contract to purchase ordinary shares which will or may be executed or completed wholly or partly after such expiry and may make a purchase of ordinary shares in pursuance of such contract as if the authority conferred by this resolution had not expired. By order of the Board Registered Office AMBA Secretaries Limited St Dunstan's Hill  Company Secretary London 9 May 2023 EC3R 8HL 2 NOTES: Pursuant to regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001  the Company specifies that in order to have the right to attend and vote at the AGM (and also for the purpose of determining how many votes a person entitled to attend and vote may cast)  a person must be entered on the register of members of the Company no later than close of business on the day that is two days before the time for holding the meeting or any adjournment of it. Changes to entries on the register of members after this time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the meeting. Only holders of ordinary shares are entitled to attend and vote at this meeting.A member is entitled to appoint another person as his proxy to exercise all or any of his rights to attend  to speak and to vote at the AGM. A member may appoint more than one proxy in relation to the meeting  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by him. A proxy need not be a member of the Company. You will not have received a hard copy proxy form for the 2023 AGM in the post. You can instead submit your proxy vote electronically by accessing the shareholder portal at www.signalshares. com  logging in and selecting the 'Vote Online Now' link. You will require your username and password in order to log in and vote. If you have forgotten your username or password you can request a reminder via the shareholder portal. If you have not previously registered to use the portal you will require your investor code ('IVC') which can be found on your share certificate. Proxy votes should be submitted as early as possible and in any event  no later than 48 hours before the time for the holding of the meeting or any adjournment of it. You may request a hard copy proxy form directly from the Registrars  Link Group by emailing enquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or by post at Link Group  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL. To be valid  any hard copy proxy form must be received by post or (during normal business hours only) by hand at the Company's registrars  Link Group  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL no later than 48 hours before the time for the holding of the meeting or any adjournment of it.To be valid any proxy form or other instrument appointing a proxy must be received by post or by hand (during normal business hours only) or at the electronic address provided in the form of the proxy by our registrar  Link Group  PXS1  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL  no later than 48 hours business hours before the time for the holding of the meeting or any adjournment of it. If you are a CREST member  see note 3 below.Completion of a form of proxy  or other instrument appointing a proxy or any CREST Proxy Instruction will not preclude a member attending and voting in person at the meeting if he/she wishes to do so. 3 Alternatively  if you are a member of CREST  you may register the appointment of a proxy by using the CREST electronic proxy appointment service. Further details are contained below. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the AGM and any adjournment(s) thereof by using the procedures  and to the address  described in the CREST Manual (available via www.euroclear.com/CREST) subject to the provisions of the Company's articles of association. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK and International Limited's (""Euroclear"") specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy  must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID: RA10) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in the notice of the AGM. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 3 Any corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a member provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares. Any member attending the AGM has the right to ask questions. The Company must cause to be answered any such question relating to the business being dealt with at the meeting but no such answer need be given if to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting or involve the disclosure of confidential information  (b) the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question  or it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the meeting that the question be answered. As at 5 May 2023 (being the last practicable date prior to the publication of this notice) the Company's issued share capital consists of 1 848 702 674 ordinary shares of £0.01 each  carrying one vote each. Therefore  the total voting rights in the Company as at that date are 1 848 702 674. You may not use any electronic address (within the meaning of section 333(4) of the Companies Act 2006) provided in this Notice of Meeting (or in any related documents including the proxy form) to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. EXPLANATORY NOTES: Resolution 1. At the AGM  the Directors will present the Annual Accounts  together with the Directors' report  the Strategic Report and the Auditor's report on the accounts  to the shareholders for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. Resolution 2. This resolution concerns the re-appointment of Crowe U.K. LLP as the Auditor until the conclusion of the next general meeting at which accounts are laid  that is  the next AGM. Resolution 3. This resolution authorises the Directors to fix the Auditor's remuneration. Resolution 4. This resolution is to approve the re-appointment of Mohammed Seghiri as a Director of the Company. The re-appointment is in accordance with the requirements of retirement by rotation as required under Article 124 of the Company's Articlesof Association. Resolution 5. This resolution deals with the Directors' annual authority to allot Relevant Securities in accordance with section 551(3) and (6) of the 2006 Act. If passed  the resolution will authorise the Directors to allot ordinary shares or to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of a) £5 546 108 (such amount to be reduced by the allotments or grants under b) in excess of such sum; and b) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £11 092 216 (such amount to be reduced by the allotments or grants made under a) above in connection with or pursuant to an offer or invitation by way of a rights issue. The authority granted by this resolution will expire on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  on the conclusion of next year's AGM. Resolution 6. This resolution 6 will  if passed  give the Directors power  pursuant to the authority to allot granted by resolution 5  to allot equity securities (as defined by section 560(1) of the 2006 Act) for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 5 of this AGM Notice; and sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash of up to a nominal amount of £3 697 405. The power granted by this resolution will expire on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  on the conclusion of next year's AGM. Resolution 7. Authority is sought in Resolution 7 for the Company to be able to make market purchases of its own shares. If passed  the resolution gives authority for the Company to purchase up to a maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares of 184 870 267 at a minimum price of £0.01 per share. The resolution specifies the minimum and maximum prices which may be paid for any ordinary shares purchased under this authority. The authority will expire on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  on the conclusion of next year's AGM.The Directors do not currently have any intention of exercising the authority granted by this resolution. The Directors will only exercise the authority to purchase ordinary shares where they consider that such purchases will be in the best interests of shareholders generally and will result in an increase in earnings per ordinary share.The Company may either cancel any shares it purchases under this authority or transfer them into treasury (and subsequently sell or transfer them out of treasury) or cancel them. 4 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Sound Energy plc published this content on 12 May 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 12 May 2023 15:56:05 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about SOUND ENERGY PLC 05/12 Sound Energy : Notice of AGM 2023 PU 05/05 Sound Energy Set for Transfer to London Bourse's SETS Trading Platform MT 05/04 FTSE 100 Closes Thursday Down on Further US Banking Concerns DJ 05/04 Sound Energy shares up as annual profit jumps AN 05/04 UK Mutual Firms Need to Prepare For Worsening Credit Conditions  Says BOE Official DJ 05/04 AIM WINNERS & LOSERS: Sound Energy shares rise ahead of maiden reve.. AN 05/04 Sound Energy plc Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI 02/28 Avangrid's Washington Solar Farm Archives Commerical Operation MT 01/03 Two men arrested in attacks on Washington State power substations RE 2022 TRADING UPDATES: Logistics Development buys Alliance Pharma shares AN",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['Sound Energy', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'other appropriate independent professional adviser', 'hard copy proxy form', 'Seconds Sound Energy', 'multiple email addresses', 'Sound Energy plc', 'Crowe UK LLP', 'next general meeting', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'accompanying form', 'other class', 'other arrangements', 'other matter', 'annual accounts', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Financial Services', 'shareholder portal', 'Full details', 'CREST member', '20 St Dunstan', 'following resolutions', 'ordinary resolutions', 'special resolutions', 'Mohammed Seghiri', 'respective number', 'record date', 'fractional entitlements', 'legal, regulatory', 'practical difficulties', 'regulatory body', 'stock exchange', 'Relevant Securities', 'equity securities', 'First name', 'proxy vote', 'ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Strategic report', 'Markets Act', 'Companies Act', 'rights issue', 'RESOLUTIONS Resolution', 'Days', 'Hours', 'Minutes', 'Notice', 'AGM', '57am', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'person', 'sale', 'transfer', 'transmission', 'purchaser', 'post', 'www', 'signalshares', 'link', 'notes', 'registrar', 'Friday', '9 June', 'Euroclear', 'England', 'Wales', 'Hill', 'London', 'EC3R', 'Tuesday', '12:00 noon', 'purposes', 'thought', 'year', 'Director', 'Auditor', 'office', 'conclusion', 'remuneration', 'rotation', 'Article', 'Association', 'appointment', 'section', 'powers', 'accordance', 'security', 'meaning', 'excess', 'sum', 'allotments', 'grants', 'connection', 'offer', 'invitation', 'way', 'favour', 'holders', 'proportion', 'exclusions', 'laws', 'requirements', 'territory', 'authorities', '30 June', 'expiry', 'agreement', 'pursuance', 'passing', 'cash', 'authority', '12.00']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24800,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2667938/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2023-05-17BondsSWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1061. SE0011281922. 2029-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1053  SE0002829192  2039-03-30 Bid...,Bid procedure  2023-05-17 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1061. SE0011281922. 2029-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1053  SE0002829192  2039-03-30Bid date 2023-05-17 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1061: 750 million SEK +/-750 million SEK1053: 750 million SEK +/-750 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1061: 750 million SEK per bid1053: 750 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2023-05-22 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2023-05-12This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '750 million SEK', 'allocation time', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'Riksbank', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24801,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668111/0/en/Baltic-Horizon-Fund-General-Meeting-notice-to-investors.html,Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting – notice to investors,Northern Horizon Capital AS invites Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt (hereinafter the “SDR”) holders (hereinafter together the “Investors”) to attend an annual General Meeting (hereinafter the “General Meeting”) of Baltic Horizo…,English EstonianNorthern Horizon Capital AS invites Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt (hereinafter the “SDR”) holders (hereinafter together the “Investors”) to attend an annual General Meeting (hereinafter the “General Meeting”) of Baltic Horizon Fund on 2 June 2023 at 14:00 (local Estonian time) at the office of Northern Horizon Capital AS at Tornimäe 2  24th floor  10145 Tallinn  Estonia. Registration for the meeting will begin at 13:00. The General Meeting will be held in English.The meeting is convened in accordance with sections 10.4 and 10.6 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund and section 47-1 of the Investment Funds Act of Estonia.The total number of units and votes in Baltic Horizon Fund amounts to 119 635 429.Investors may issue a power of attorney for representing them at the meeting (a template power of attorney is added as Annex 1). The meeting will be informative and there are no resolutions to be voted on.Investors may also join the webinar to view the General Meeting online on 2 June 2023 at 14:00.To join the webinar  please register via the following link:https://nasdaq.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_2tZp4QjZSXmqPp8yknIgFwYou will be provided with the webinar link and instructions how to join successfully. The webinar will be recorded and available online for everyone at the company’s website on www.baltichorizon.com .AgendaPresentation of the FY2022 audited annual report of Baltic Horizon Fund  and interim report of Q1 2023; Presentation of the future strategy of Baltic Horizon Fund.Investors are invited to send questions and comments on the agenda to the Baltic Horizon fund manager at Tarmo.Karotam@nh-cap.com by 26 May 2023. Northern Horizon Capital AS will respond to the questions and comments at the meeting itself.Participation – requirements and noticeInvestors who are entered in the Baltic Horizon Fund registry of unit-holders maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE and holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system ten days before the date of the General Meeting  i.e. at the end of business of Nasdaq CSD SE on 22 May 2023  are entitled to participate in the meeting.In order to facilitate the registration process  investors whose units are registered in their own name are invited to provide notice of their attendance by 26 May 2023 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com . Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the unit-holder of the right to participate at the meeting.Instructions to holders of Baltic Horizon Fund SDRs registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in SwedenNotice of participation should be sent by 16:00 EET on 29 May 2023 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com . Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable  attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the Investor of the right to participate at the meeting.Representation under a power of attorneyInvestors whose representatives are acting under a power of attorney are requested to prepare a written power of attorney for the representative in Estonian or English (templates can be found at Annex 1).A copy of the executed power of attorney should be sent to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com together with the notice of participation. In case the power of attorney is issued by a legal person  a certified copy of the registration certificate (or equivalent certificate of authority) shall also be submitted together with  as applicable  the documents certifying the authority of the representative in case the power of attorney is signed by a person under a power of attorney.Baltic Horizon Fund is registered in Estonia  which means that any power of attorney (or any certified copy of the registration certificate of a legal person) issued in a foreign country should be notarised and accompanied by an apostille. The apostille requirement applies  for example  to powers of attorney issued and notarised in Sweden or Finland.Instructions for the day of the General MeetingWe kindly ask Investors to bring a personal identification document  and for their representatives also to present the original written power of attorney in English or Estonian. In case the Investor is a legal person  documentation in Estonian or English certifying the authority of the Investor’s representative or the signatory of the power of attorney will also be requested.Data collected by Northern Horizon Capital AS from powers of attorney  the unitholders registry maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE  and the list of holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system will be used for the purpose of registration for the meeting.Annex 1:Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in Estonian)Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in English)For additional information  please contact:Tarmo KarotamBaltic Horizon Fund managerE-mail tarmo.karotam@nh-cap.comwww.baltichorizon.comBaltic Horizon Fund is a registered contractual public closed-end real estate fund that is managed by Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder Northern Horizon Capital AS.Distribution: GlobeNewswire  Nasdaq Tallinn  Nasdaq Stockholm  www.baltichorizon.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting', 'notice', 'investors', 'Northern Horizon Capital AS', 'Baltic Horizon fund manager', 'Euroclear Sweden AB system', 'Baltic Horizon Fund registry', 'Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders', 'Baltic Horizon Fund SDRs', 'Swedish Depositary Receipt', 'Investment Funds Act', 'Nasdaq CSD SE', 'personal identification document', 'personal identification number', 'local Estonian time', 'The General Meeting', 'original written power', 'annual General Meeting', 'unitholders registry', 'annual report', 'total number', '24th floor', 'following link', 'interim report', 'future strategy', 'equivalent certificate', 'foreign country', 'registration number', 'legal person', 'registration process', 'registration certificate', 'certified copy', 'apostille requirement', 'template power', 'webinar link', 'English Estonian', 'Investors', '2 June', 'office', '10145 Tallinn', 'accordance', 'sections', 'Rules', 'units', 'votes', 'attorney', 'Annex', 'resolutions', 'instructions', 'everyone', 'company', 'website', 'baltichorizon', 'Agenda', 'Presentation', 'FY2022', 'Q1', 'questions', 'comments', 'Tarmo', 'Karotam', '26 May', 'Participation', 'requirements', 'notice', 'date', 'business', '22 May', 'order', 'name', 'attendance', 'address', 'applicable', 'representatives', 'right', '16:00 EET', '29 May', 'templates', 'bhfmeeting', 'case', 'authority', 'documents', 'example', 'powers', 'Finland', 'day', 'documentation', 'signatory', 'Data', 'list', 'purpose']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24802,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BALTIC-HORIZON-FUND-44154883/news/Baltic-Horizon-Fund-General-Meeting-ndash-notice-to-investors-43835205/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting – notice to investors,(marketscreener.com) Northern Horizon Capital AS invites Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt holders to attend an annual General Meeting of Baltic Horizon Fund on 2 June 2023 at 14:00 at the office of Northern Horizon Capital AS at…,Northern Horizon Capital AS invites Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt (hereinafter the “SDR”) holders (hereinafter together the “Investors”) to attend an annual General Meeting (hereinafter the “General Meeting”) of Baltic Horizon Fund on 2 June 2023 at 14:00 (local Estonian time) at the office of Northern Horizon Capital AS at Tornimäe 2  24th floor  10145 Tallinn  Estonia. Registration for the meeting will begin at 13:00. The General Meeting will be held in English.The meeting is convened in accordance with sections 10.4 and 10.6 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund and section 47-1 of the Investment Funds Act of Estonia.The total number of units and votes in Baltic Horizon Fund amounts to 119 635 429.Investors may issue a power of attorney for representing them at the meeting (a template power of attorney is added as Annex 1). The meeting will be informative and there are no resolutions to be voted on.Investors may also join the webinar to view the General Meeting online on 2 June 2023 at 14:00.To join the webinar  please register via the following link:https://nasdaq.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_2tZp4QjZSXmqPp8yknIgFwYou will be provided with the webinar link and instructions how to join successfully. The webinar will be recorded and available online for everyone at the company’s website on www.baltichorizon.com .AgendaPresentation of the FY2022 audited annual report of Baltic Horizon Fund  and interim report of Q1 2023; Presentation of the future strategy of Baltic Horizon Fund.Investors are invited to send questions and comments on the agenda to the Baltic Horizon fund manager at Tarmo.Karotam@nh-cap.com by 26 May 2023. Northern Horizon Capital AS will respond to the questions and comments at the meeting itself.Participation – requirements and noticeInvestors who are entered in the Baltic Horizon Fund registry of unit-holders maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE and holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system ten days before the date of the General Meeting  i.e. at the end of business of Nasdaq CSD SE on 22 May 2023  are entitled to participate in the meeting.In order to facilitate the registration process  investors whose units are registered in their own name are invited to provide notice of their attendance by 26 May 2023 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com . Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the unit-holder of the right to participate at the meeting.Instructions to holders of Baltic Horizon Fund SDRs registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in SwedenNotice of participation should be sent by 16:00 EET on 29 May 2023 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com . Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable  attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the Investor of the right to participate at the meeting.Representation under a power of attorneyInvestors whose representatives are acting under a power of attorney are requested to prepare a written power of attorney for the representative in Estonian or English (templates can be found at Annex 1).A copy of the executed power of attorney should be sent to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com together with the notice of participation. In case the power of attorney is issued by a legal person  a certified copy of the registration certificate (or equivalent certificate of authority) shall also be submitted together with  as applicable  the documents certifying the authority of the representative in case the power of attorney is signed by a person under a power of attorney.Baltic Horizon Fund is registered in Estonia  which means that any power of attorney (or any certified copy of the registration certificate of a legal person) issued in a foreign country should be notarised and accompanied by an apostille. The apostille requirement applies  for example  to powers of attorney issued and notarised in Sweden or Finland.Instructions for the day of the General MeetingWe kindly ask Investors to bring a personal identification document  and for their representatives also to present the original written power of attorney in English or Estonian. In case the Investor is a legal person  documentation in Estonian or English certifying the authority of the Investor’s representative or the signatory of the power of attorney will also be requested.Data collected by Northern Horizon Capital AS from powers of attorney  the unitholders registry maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE  and the list of holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system will be used for the purpose of registration for the meeting.Annex 1:Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in Estonian)Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in English)For additional information  please contact:Tarmo KarotamBaltic Horizon Fund managerE-mail tarmo.karotam@nh-cap.comwww.baltichorizon.comBaltic Horizon Fund is a registered contractual public closed-end real estate fund that is managed by Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder Northern Horizon Capital AS.Distribution: GlobeNewswire  Nasdaq Tallinn  Nasdaq Stockholm  www.baltichorizon.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.02,True,English,"['Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting', 'notice', 'investors', 'Northern Horizon Capital AS', 'Baltic Horizon fund manager', 'Euroclear Sweden AB system', 'Baltic Horizon Fund registry', 'Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders', 'Baltic Horizon Fund SDRs', 'Swedish Depositary Receipt', 'Investment Funds Act', 'Nasdaq CSD SE', 'personal identification document', 'personal identification number', 'local Estonian time', 'The General Meeting', 'original written power', 'annual General Meeting', 'unitholders registry', 'annual report', 'total number', 'Tornimäe', '24th floor', 'following link', 'interim report', 'future strategy', 'equivalent certificate', 'foreign country', 'registration number', 'legal person', 'registration process', 'registration certificate', 'certified copy', 'apostille requirement', 'template power', 'webinar link', 'applicable attendance', 'Investors', '2 June', 'office', '10145 Tallinn', 'English', 'accordance', 'sections', 'Rules', 'units', 'votes', 'attorney', 'Annex', 'resolutions', 'instructions', 'everyone', 'company', 'website', 'baltichorizon', 'Agenda', 'Presentation', 'FY2022', 'Q1', 'questions', 'comments', 'Tarmo', 'Karotam', '26 May', 'Participation', 'requirements', 'notice', 'date', 'business', '22 May', 'order', 'name', 'address', 'representatives', 'right', '16:00 EET', '29 May', 'templates', 'bhfmeeting', 'case', 'authority', 'documents', 'example', 'powers', 'Finland', 'day', 'documentation', 'signatory', 'Data', 'list', 'purpose', 'Form']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24803,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYAB-OYJ-61747363/news/NYAB-Oyj-Plc-s-business-review-1-January-ndash-31-March-2023-43826985/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,NYAB Oyj : Plc's business review 1 January – 31 March 2023,(marketscreener.com)    NYAB Plc COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT 12 May 2023 at 09:45   NYAB Plc's business review 1 January - 31 March 2023: Accelerating balanced growth    Revenue was EUR 39.2 million  an increase of 34 percent from pro forma revenue of EU…,NYAB PlcCOMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT12 May 2023 at 09:45Revenue was EUR 39.2 (11.6) million  an increase of 34 percent from pro forma revenue of EUR 29.3 million for the comparison period.EBITA was EUR -1.2 (-1.3) million  an improvement of 55 percent from pro forma EBITA of EUR -2.2 million for the comparison period.Order backlog at the end of March was EUR 235.0 (156.3) million  an increase of 50 percent from March 2022.After the review period  settlement agreement with the City of Mikkeli was executed and will have a positive cash flow impact of EUR 9.2 million and a positive non-recurring result impact of EUR 3.6 million for the second quarter.01-03/2023(3 months) 01-03/2022(3 months) 01-12/2022(12 months) Revenue  1000 EUR 39 152 11 613 247 702 EBITDA  1000 EUR -480 -987 33 100 -share of revenue -1.2% -8.5% 13.4% EBITA  1000 EUR -1 229 -1 284 30 488 -share of revenue -3.1% -11.1% 12.3% Operating profit (EBIT)*  1000 EUR -7 003 -2 351 12 242 -share of revenue -17.9% -20.2% 4.9% Profit for the period  1000 EUR -8 056 -2 578 8 396 -share of revenue -20.6% -22.2% 3.4% Equity ratio 84.1% 82.7% 78.8% Order backlog  1000 EUR 235 026 156 308 238 722*EBIT is significantly affected by the amortization of consolidated goodwill that amounted to EUR -5.8 (-1.1) million for the first quarter and EUR 18.2 million for the financial year 2022.Taken as a whole  NYAB's first quarter can be considered as a strong performance with increased revenue  improved profitability  and order backlog that amounted to EUR 235 million at the end of March  well above last year's level.NYAB traditionally has the seasonally lowest production volumes in the first quarter  as project execution in northern regions does not commence in full until spring has arrived. However  as NYAB is exposed to and targets segments of the market that provide opportunities for profitable growth  successful strengthening of the order backlog has been possible.EBITA was EUR -1.2 million  an improvement compared to pro forma EBITA of EUR -2.2 million for Q1/2022.In Sweden  we modified and strengthened our organization to meet increased business volumes during the rest of the year. Our order backlog is well diversified and includes projects with high margins  several perennial contracts  and collaborative contracts  as well as a good split between our business units.In Finland  it has been rewarding to see that our skilled organization has been able to utilize the potential of their strengths. The restructuring of the organization that was initiated in Q4/2022 has already resulted in improved business performance and profitability. Furthermore  our joint venture with CapMan fund  Skarta Energy  has continued its development and is following its business plan of building 800 MW of solar power during the next five years.At the Annual General Meeting on 26 April 2023  the Board of Directors was strengthened with new members who have experience of managing larger companies in a public environment. I am satisfied that we have gained such a competent and engaged Board that will have an important role in complementing our entrepreneurial soul when developing the company. I also want to thank Jukka Juola and Aarne Simula  who left our Board  for their contributions related to the forming of NYAB as the current listed entity in 2022.In April 2023  NYAB's analyst coverage was initiated. The coverage is an important part in increasing the recognition of the company and hence supports the improvement of the liquidity of our shares going forward. Our available opportunities in financial markets will also increase with the transition to IFRS reporting that we aim to have in place soon. We also aim to present our conclusions about future listings as soon as possible. These actions are designed with the ambition to maximize long-term value creation for our stakeholders.NYAB's financial targets express our ambition to deliver profitable and sustainable growth. For the financial year 2023  we expect our revenue to be EUR 315-340 million and EBITA to be EUR 25-33 million. As we have started the year with positive momentum  I am convinced that we will deliver accordingly.NYAB gives a financial guidance  according to which its revenue for 2023 will be EUR 315-340 million and EBITA  operating profit before amortization and depreciation of intangible assets  will be EUR 25-33 million. NYAB estimates that the market outlook for 2023 is favorable even though inflation and interest rates that have remained at elevated levels are still creating some uncertainty in the operating environment. In Sweden  demand has remained robust  but in Finland there have been signs of stabilizing demand especially regarding new wind power projects. Due to the seasonal nature of the business and in line with the historical pattern  a significant part of revenue and profit is expected to accrue during the second half of the year. The guidance is based on the current exchange rate between the euro and Swedish krona.NYAB's revenue for the first quarter was EUR 39.2 (11.6) million. Revenue increased 33.8 percent from pro forma revenue of the comparison period. Revenue per geographical region is shown in the table below.Revenue (MEUR) Q1/2023 Q1/2022 Q1/2022 (pro forma) Finland 14.9 8.4 8.4 Sweden 24.2 3.3 21.0 Total 39.2 11.6 29.3EBITA of the group was EUR -1.2 (-1.3) million for the first quarter. EBITA improved 54.5 percent from pro forma figures of the comparison period. EBITA per geographical region is shown in the table below.EBITA (MEUR) Q1/2023 Q1/2022 Q1/2022 (pro forma) Finnish operations 0.0 -1.4 -1.4 Swedish operations -1.4 0.1 -0.8 Other unallocated 0.2 0.0 0.0 Total -1.2 -1.3 -2.2 Share of revenue -3.1% -11.1% -7.4%Pro forma figures include NYAB Sverige AB subgroup that has been a part of NYAB Plc and therefore consolidated to the reported figures as of 31 March 2022.In Finland  NYAB has grown particularly in energy construction. In January  a Balance of Plant (BoP) contract worth nearly EUR 18 million was signed with Energiequelle regarding the new Mikonkeidas wind farm to be constructed in Kristiinankaupunki  Ostrobothnia. NYAB will supply the wind farm's roads  lifting areas  foundations  internal grid  substation  and transmission lines. In practice  this means that NYAB is responsible for the entire construction of the wind farm  except for the installation of the wind turbines. With the contract  NYAB's completed and ongoing wind farm projects already include more than 190 wind turbines. In addition  NYAB has continued to execute larger-scale energy  infrastructure and industrial projects that were signed during the previous financial year.In Sweden  NYAB's growth primarily relates to the significant investment projects that take place in Northern Sweden and aim for a clean future and regularly entail new project opportunities for NYAB. One significant contract signed in the first quarter was the contract with the Swedish Transport Administration Trafikverket. The project relates to the strengthening measures of a road that is important for the transportation and service traffic to the ore mining districts. In addition  NYAB has continued its growth in the Stockholm region  where its new contracts concern the construction of new public transport infrastructure  amongst other projects. NYAB also has dozens of perennial frame and maintenance contracts that create revenue throughout the year.Skarta Energy Oy  the joint venture between NYAB and CapMan Infra fund  has continued the active development of solar projects and strengthened its organization to prepare for the beginning of construction. The company aims to construct 800 MW of solar power during the next five years. In February  the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment in Finland granted Skarta Energy's project company an investment aid of EUR 13.3 million for the solar farm development project in Utajärvi. The solar farm to be constructed in disused peat bog areas will be the first solar farm in Finland that is connected to Fingrid's main grid. Skarta Energy had an effect of EUR -0.4 million on NYAB's result before appropriations and taxes for the first quarter  consisting especially of the amortization of goodwill that originates from the establishment of the joint venture  as well as frontloaded costs relating to the launching of operations.NYAB Plc signed a merger plan in February  whereby Andament II Sulautuva Oy  a company demerging from its second largest shareholder Andament Group Oy  merges into NYAB. In the proposed series of transactions  111 000 000 NYAB shares that Andament owns  corresponding to 15.7 percent of all shares in the Company  are cancelled  and the equivalent number of new shares in the Company are issued to Andament shareholders. The transaction aims at clarifying NYAB's ownership structure and expanding its owner base. The arrangement does not have a net impact on the number of shares in the Company  and its net impact on the balance sheet position and business operations of the Company are neutral. NYAB's Annual General Meeting approved the transaction on 26 April 2023 and authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the completion of the merger  as well as the issuance of shares as a merger consideration. The merger is expected to take place by the end of August 2023.NYAB's most significant risks and uncertainties relate to changes in the operating environment  as well as the fluctuation of currency rates that affect the reported euro-nominated financial information of the Group. The Swedish krona continued to decrease during the beginning of the year and its average value for the first quarter was 6.4 percent lower than in the comparison period. NYAB's strategic  operative  damage  financial  and administrative risks have been presented in more detail in the annual report for the financial year 2022.The increased probability of recession  high inflation  and increasing interest rates have weakened the outlook for the construction industry. According to the Confederation of Finnish Industries  confidence in the construction industry has decreased to an even lower level than at the beginning of the war in Ukraine in February 2022. The Confederation of Finnish Construction Industries RT estimated in its most recent review that the industry is on the bottom of the business cycle and the outlook will improve towards the end of the year. Austerity pressures cause uncertainty for governmental infrastructure projects  whereas the construction of industrial premises begins to support new construction rather than rapidly weakening housing construction.In Sweden  there are significant regional differences in the outlook of the construction industry. Byggföretagen estimates that in Norrbotten County  an essential market area for NYAB  investments will grow approximately 5 percent annually in both 2023 and 2024  whereas in many other regions the decline is estimated to be around the double-digit level. The heavy decline in housing construction explains the negative development of construction investments also in Sweden  whereas other construction is estimated to continue at a steady level.The outlook for NYAB's energy construction remains positive due to investments in the green transition. According to the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment in Finland  an average of at least EUR 3.3 billion is annually invested in the green transition in the industry. In the short term  decreased electricity prices and increased interest rates may cause delays in decisions to invest in renewable energy  but in the long term the clean energy construction sector is projected to experience rapid growth. Fingrid reported in March 2023 that the number of enquiries related to connecting renewable electricity production facilities to the main grid is at a record high level. In addition to the strongly developed wind power sector  the number of solar power enquiries have also more than trebled in a year.According to scenarios that focus on the increase of renewable energy and that Fingrid presented in its electricity system vision  there is a considerable need to strengthen the main grid as fossil fuels are gradually replaced. Beside Fingrid's current investment plan of EUR 3 billion  as well as new transmission connections between Finland and Sweden  the needed investments may amount to several billion euros.NYAB Plc's total number of shares for the entire review period was 706 658 238. At the end of the period  the company had a total of 3 870 shareholders that had been registered in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland. A total of 64.8 percent of all shares in the company were owned by nominee-registered shareholders.The largest shareholders of the company on 31 March 2023 were Holding Investment Förvaltning i Luleå AB (a company under joint control of Board member and CEO Johan Larsson and Board and Executive Management Team member Mikael Ritola  ownership 34.1 percent)  Andament Group Oy (a company where Chairman of the Board Markku Kankaala exercises significant influence  ownership 19.1 percent)  and Säthergrens Entreprenad AB (ownership 10.6 percent).NYAB and the city of Mikkeli signed a settlement agreement in April. The agreement was signed to settle the dispute between Group company NYAB Finland Oy and Mikkeli Waterworks  a municipal enterprise owned by the City of Mikkeli  that had been subject to legal proceedings. The agreement was executed on 11 May 2023  as the resolution of Mikkeli City Board on the approval of the agreement became final. NYAB reports a positive cash flow impact of approximately EUR 9.2 million and a positive non-recurring result impact of approximately EUR 3.6 million for the second quarter.NYAB Plc's Annual General Meeting took place on 26 April 2023. The meeting adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2022  discharged persons  who had been Board members or CEO  from liability  and decided on the election and remuneration of Board members and auditors. Previous Board members Markku Kankaala  Johan K Nilsson  Johan Larsson  Mikael Ritola  Jari Suominen  and Lars-Eric Aaro were re-elected  and Anders Berg  Barbro Frisch  and Jan Öhman were elected as new members. In accordance with the decision of the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors  Markku Kankaala continues as the Chairman of the Board  and Jan Öhman operates as the Vice Chairman. The Annual General Meeting also decided to pay a capital repayment of 0.7 euro cents per share to shareholders. The capital repayment was paid on 8 May 2023.NYAB Plc Group (1000 euros) 01-03/2023 (3 months) 01-03/2022 (3 months) 01-12/2022 (12 months) REVENUE 39 152 11 613 247 702 Other operating income 94 718 20 720 Materials and services -31 153 -8 622 -195 630 Personnel expenses -7 057 -3 183 -26 320 Other operating expenses -1 517 -1 513 -13 373 Depreciation  amortization  and reduction in value -6 522 -1 364 -20 858 OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS) -7 003 -2 351 12 242 Financial income and expenses -300 -102 -1 637 Share of profit in associated companies -399 -2 -30 PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE APPROPRIATIONS AND TAXES -7 701 -2 455 10 574 Adjustment from group transactions 0 913 Income taxes -354 -122 -3 092 PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD -8 056 -2 578 8 396,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.84,0.06,0.1,True,English,"['NYAB Oyj', 'business review', 'Plc', 'January', '31 March', 'positive cash flow impact', 'positive non-recurring result impact', 'new wind power projects', 'next five years', 'Annual General Meeting', 'current listed entity', 'long-term value creation', 'current exchange rate', 'lowest production volumes', 'several perennial contracts', 'pro forma EBITA', 'pro forma revenue', 'positive momentum', 'solar power', 'new members', 'collaborative contracts', 'business volumes', 'Order backlog', 'settlement agreement', 'second quarter', 'Equity ratio', 'consolidated goodwill', 'first quarter', 'strong performance', 'project execution', 'northern regions', 'successful strengthening', 'high margins', 'good split', 'joint venture', 'CapMan fund', 'Skarta Energy', 'larger companies', 'public environment', 'important role', 'Jukka Juola', 'Aarne Simula', 'important part', 'financial markets', 'future listings', 'sustainable growth', 'intangible assets', 'interest rates', 'elevated levels', 'operating environment', 'seasonal nature', 'historical pattern', 'significant part', 'second half', 'Swedish krona', 'business units', 'business performance', 'business plan', 'comparison period', 'review period', 'Operating profit', 'financial year', 'last year', 'profitable growth', 'analyst coverage', 'available opportunities', 'financial targets', 'financial guidance', 'market outlook', 'COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT', 'skilled organization', 'engaged Board', 'Revenue inc', 'NYAB Plc', 'May', 'increase', '34 percent', 'improvement', '55 percent', 'end', 'March', '50 percent', 'City', 'Mikkeli', 'months', 'EBITDA', 'share', 'amortization', 'improved', 'profitability', 'full', 'spring', 'segments', 'Q1/20', 'Sweden', 'Finland', 'potential', 'strengths', 'restructuring', 'Q4/20', 'development', '800 MW', '26 April', 'Directors', 'experience', 'competent', 'soul', 'contributions', 'forming', 'recognition', 'liquidity', 'transition', 'IFRS', 'place', 'conclusions', 'actions', 'ambition', 'stakeholders', 'depreciation', 'inflation', 'uncertainty', 'demand', 'signs', 'line', 'euro']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24804,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-First-quarter-2023-earnings-43825706/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Societe Generale: First quarter 2023 earnings,(marketscreener.com)   RESULTS AT 31 MARCH 2023   Press releaseParis  12 May 2023 SOLID RESULTS AND FUNDAMENTALS Robust business performance driven by strong growth at Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and an excellent contribution by Global B…,Days : Hours : Minutes : Seconds Societe Generale: First quarter 2023 earnings 05/12/2023 | 12:26am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields RESULTS AT 31 MARCH 2023 Press releaseParis  12 May 2023 SOLID RESULTS AND FUNDAMENTALS Robust business performance driven by strong growth at Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and an excellent contribution by Global Banking and Investor Solutions  while French Retail Banking has been temporarily impacted by a decrease in the net interest marginGroup Revenues down -3.8%* under IFRS 17 vs. Q1 22 with business revenues up by +0.3%* vs. Q1 22 Underlying cost-to-income ratio  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  at 60.5% Low cost of risk at 13 basis points in Q1 23  with limited defaults and a stable stock of provisions for performing loans of EUR 3.8 billion at end-March 2023; cost of risk for 2023 expected below 30 basis points Underlying Group net income of EUR 1.5 billion(1) (EUR 868 million on a reported basis  up +5.7% vs. Q1 22) Underlying profitability (ROTE) at 10.7%(1) ROBUST BALANCE SHEET AND LIQUIDITY PROFILE CET 1 ratio of 13.5%(2) at end-March 2023  around 410 basis points above the regulatory requirement  approval by the ECB of the 2022 share buy-back programme for around EUR 440 millionLiquidity Coverage Ratio up by a sharp 171% at end Q1 23 owing to a 0.7% increase in deposits over the quarter and liquidity reserves strengthened to EUR 296 billion2023 long-term funding programme  more than 70% completed CONTINUED ORDERLY EXECUTION OF STRATEGIC INITIATIVES Merger between the retail banking networks in France: successful first IT migration in March  according to schedule. Second IT migration planned for 13 and 14 May 2023 Growth of Boursorama: profitability breakeven reached in Q1 23 amid durably robust growth in client’s acquisition Acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD: agreement signed by ALD to sell six subsidiaries. ALD’s Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 22 May 2023 Creation of Bernstein: a top-tier global equity research and cash equity franchise  signature of the acquisition agreement with AllianceBernstein Fréderic Oudéa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“Amid a persistently uncertain and complex economic and financial environment  Societe Generale has posted again this quarter solid commercial performances and results which confirm the quality of the Group’s franchises and are based on sound cost and risk management. The strength of the balance sheet is confirmed in every aspect  capital  liquidity and the quality of the loan portfolio. We have also fully achieved some very important milestones to renew the Group’s business model following the successful execution of major strategic projects  such as the creation of our new retail bank SG in France  continued growth at Boursorama and the planned closing of the LeasePlan acquisition by ALD to create a global leader in sustainable mobility. These unprecedented and strongly value-creating projects will help the Group meet its sustainable profitability targets. On the eve of our managerial transition  I would like to express my warmest gratitude to all the employees of the Group for their tremendous support and for their extraordinary contribution to the growth of our company.” GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 6 671 7 043 -5.3% -3.8%* Operating expenses (5 057) (5 131) -1.4% +0.3%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (4 201) (4 147) +1.3% +3.6%* Gross operating income 1 614 1 912 -15.6% -14.6%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 2 470 2 896 -14.7% -14.1%* Net cost of risk (182) (561) -67.6% -51.4%* Operating income 1 432 1 351 +6.0% -5.9%* Underlying operating income(1) 2 288 2 335 -2.0% -8.7%* Net profits or losses from other assets (17) 2 n/s n/s Income tax (328) (333) -1.6% -4.0%* Net income 1 092 1 020 +7.1% -7.9%* O.w. non-controlling interests 224 199 +12.6% +12.4%* Group net income 868 821 +5.7% -12.0%* Underlying Group net income(1) 1 508 1 538 -2.0% -11.5%* ROE 5.0% 5.1% ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying ROTE(1) 10.7% 11.6% Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 11 May 2023 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined Societe Generale Group’s results for Q1 23. The various restatements enabling the transition from underlying data to published data are presented in the Methodology notes in Section 9.5. Since 1 January 2023  Societe Generale has retrospectively applied IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9 – Financial lnstruments(2) to its insurance activities  with effect from 1 January 2022. The press release published on 11 May 2023 detailing the standards’ impacts is set out in Appendix 3 (section 10). Net banking income Net banking income showed resilience in Q1 23 at -3.8%* vs. Q1 22 and slightly up by +0.3%* for the businesses  driven by strong revenue growth in Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and by solid momentum in Global Banking and Investor Solutions  while French Retail Banking is being temporarily impacted by a decreased net interest margin. Given that the benefit of rising interest rates on deposits was largely offset by the ALM interest rate hedging policy  Retail Banking’s revenues in France fell by -11.0% vs. Q1 22  largely due to higher interest rates on regulated savings schemes  the end of the benefit of the TLTRO programme and the usury rate’s impact on loan activity  despite sound momentum in fees and a solid performance from Private Banking. Revenues at International Retail Banking & Financial Services grew by +6.5% (+15.3%*) vs. Q1 22  with solid growth by International Retail Banking  where revenues increased by +6.5%* vs. Q1 22  a very strong performance by Financial Services of +26.3%* vs. Q1 22 that was driven by ALD  and by Insurance revenues  which climbed by +51.2%* vs. Q1 22 under IFRS 17. Global Banking & Investor Solutions registered stable Q1 23 revenues relative to Q1 22. Global Markets & Investor Services’ revenues were slightly below the very sound Q1 22 performance (-1.7%)  while Financing & Advisory continued to post revenue growth  registering an increase of +4.7% vs. Q1 22. Operating expenses On a reported basis  operating expenses came to EUR 5 057 million in Q1 23  down -1.4% vs. Q1 22. On an underlying basis  they totalled EUR 4 201 million (adjusted for IFRIC 21 linearisation and transformation charges)  i.e. a moderate rise of +1.3% relative to Q1 22. Contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) stood at EUR 672 million in Q1 23  which isEUR -192 million less than in Q1 22 (EUR 864 million). Excluding the Single Resolution Fund contribution  the underlying cost-to-income ratio(2) is 60.5%  which is below the target range between 66% and 68% for 2023. Cost of risk The cost of risk for Q1 23 was low at 13 basis points  i.e.  EUR 182 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 206 million (14 basis points) and a reversal on performing loans for EUR -24 million (-2 basis points). At end-March 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 758 million  down EUR -11 million relative to 31 December 2022. The non-performing loans ratio stood at 2.8%(2) at 31 March 2023  down around 10 basis points vs. 31 March 2022. The gross coverage ratio on doubtful loans for the Group stood at 49%(3) at 31 March 2023. The cost of risk in 2023 is expected to be below 30 basis points. With respect to risk exposure  the Group has a diversified corporate loan portfolio of EUR 385 billion at 31 March 2023 representing around 34% of Group exposure (EUR 1 136 billion at 31 March 2023)  with limited concentration risk. More specifically  the Group has very limited exposure to regional banks in the US (EaD(4) < USD 100 million). The Group also has low exposure to the commercial corporate real estate sector. Exposure to the sector stood at 1.9% of the Group’s total Exposure at Default at 31 March 2023  within total exposure of 3.2% to the corporate real estate sector. This exposure is based on a prudent and disciplined origination policy and is diversified geographically – 79% in Western Europe  12% in the US and 7% in Asia – with moderate focus on office real estate (25%) and presents a loan-to-value ratio(5) of 50%. Furthermore  the Group’s exposure to Leverage Buy-Out (LBO) financing is small and has a low concentration level  which is consistent with a selective lending policy. Exposure at Default (EAD) is approximately EUR 5 billion  or ~0.4% of the Group’s total EAD. Last  offshore exposure to Russia was reduced by around EUR 0.2 billion in the first quarter to EUR 1.6 billion at 31 March 2023  i.e. a decrease of -50% since 31 December 2021. The risk exposure on this portfolio is now estimated to be less than EUR 0.5 billion  compared with less than EUR 0.6 billion for the previous quarter. Total provisions stood at EUR 0.4 billion at end-March 2023. In addition  the Group’s residual exposure to Rosbank was extremely limited at end-March 2023  at less than EUR 0.1 billion. Group net income In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Reported Group net income 868 821 Underlying Group net income(1) 1 508 1 538 As a % Q1-23 Q1 22 ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying ROTE(1) 10.7% 11.6% (2) Earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.88 in Q1 23. Underlying earnings per share amounted to EUR 1.05 over the same period. THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 68.7 billion at 31 March 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 72.3 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 64.2. The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 554 billion at 31 March 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 11) stood at EUR 945 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 503 billion  which is a -2.5% decrease compared with 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 598 billion  up +0.7% vs. 31 December 2022. At 26 April 2023  the parent company had issued EUR 27.6 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 5.2 years and an average spread of 88 basis points (over 6-month midswaps  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 1.25 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 28.85 billion in medium/long-term debt. The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 171% at end-March 2023 (169% on average for the quarter)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. Concurrently  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 115% at end-March 2023. The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 361.0 billion at 31 March 2023 vs. EUR 362.4 billion at end-December 2022 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk account for 83.8% of the total  i.e.  EUR 302.3 billion  down -0.1% vs. 31 December 2022. At 31 March 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.5%  or around 410 basis points above the regulatory requirement. The CET 1 ratio includes a +9 basis-point impact from the phase-in of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.4%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 16.5% at end-March 2023 (16.3% at end-December 2022) while the total capital ratio amounted to 19.4% (19.4% at end-December 2022). The leverage ratio stood at 4.2% at 31 March 2023 (4.4% at end-December 2022). With an RWA ratio of 33.7% and leverage exposure of 8.5% at end-March 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 34.3% of RWA and 8.6% of leverage exposure at end-March 2023  are also far above the regulatory requirements. The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  stable rating  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”. FRENCH RETAIL BANKINGIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 1 932 2 170 -11.0% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 942 2 147 -9.5% Operating expenses (1 664) (1 698) -2.0% Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 535) (1 528) +0.5% Gross operating income 268 472 -43.2% Underlying gross operating income(1) 397 642 -38.2% Net cost of risk (89) (47) +89.4% Operating income 179 425 -57.9% Net profits or losses from other assets 5 0 n/s Group net income 138 316 -56.3% Underlying Group net income(1) 233 442 -47.2% RONE 4.5% 10.7% Underlying RONE(1) 7.5% 15.0% (2)SG networks Average loan outstandings were stable on the Q1 22 level at EUR 211 billion. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional customers (excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans) were around +5% higher vs. Q1 22. Home loans were stable on the Q1 22 level  which is consistent with the Group’s selective origination policy. Average outstanding balance sheet deposits  which include all deposits from corporate and professional  rose by around +1% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 248 billion. As a result  the average loan to deposit ratio stood at 85% in Q1 23  which is a 1 percentage point improvement on the Q1 22 level. Life insurance assets under management totalled EUR 111 billion at end-March 2023  stable vs. Q1 22 (with the unit-linked share accounting for 33%). Gross life insurance inflows amounted to EUR 3.3 billion at Q1 23. Personal protection insurance premiums were up +3% vs. Q1 22 while property/casualty insurance premiums increased +7% vs. Q1 22. Boursorama Boursorama attracted around 297 000 new clients in the first quarter of 2023  thereby consolidating its position as the leading online bank in France  and registered more than 4.9 million clients atend-March 2023. Average loan outstandings grew by +6.7% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 15.2 billion. Home loan outstandings climbed by +6.9% vs. Q1 22  while consumer loan outstandings were up +4.7% vs. Q1 22. Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were +39.4% higher vs. Q1 22 at EUR 51.0 billion. Deposits rose by a sharp +39.4% vs. Q1 22  notably on back of durably brisk inflow momentum during the quarter. Life insurance outstandings increased by +67.4% vs. Q1 22  with the unit-linked share accounting for 42%. Boursorama reinforced its day-to-day banking operations  registering growth in payment volumes of +48% vs. Q1 22. During the first quarter  Boursorama became B CorpTM certified and pledged to continue improving its CSR approach. At end-March 2023  the online bank posted net income at breakeven while pursuing its target to attract new clients. Revenues accelerated relative to the year-earlier period (1.6x vs. Q1 22  excluding new client acquisition costs) and were notably driven by continued client onboarding growth and a favourable interest rate environment. At the same time  Boursorama posted decreases in both client acquisition costs (~-9% vs. Q1 22 and ~- 21% vs. Q1 21) and cost-to-serve (~-11% on average since 2019). Boursorama is growing in step with a limited increase of its teams  46 new employees have been recruited since end-2021. The online bank’s total headcount of full-time employees (FTE) stood at 898 at end-March 2023. Private Banking Private Banking activities  which have been housed in French Retail Banking since the beginning of 2022  cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France. Assets under management totalled EUR 132 billion at Q1 23  excluding activities formerly managed by Lyxor. Private Banking’s net asset inflows amounted to EUR 2.4 billion at Q1 23. Net banking income stood at EUR 326 million in Q1 23  which is a +2.8% increase vs. Q1 22. Net banking income Revenues for the quarter totalled EUR 1 932 million. Revenues are down -9.5% vs. Q1 22 excluding PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues including PEL/CEL was down by -18% vs. Q1 22  and was notably impacted by higher interest rates on regulated savings schemes  the consequences of the usury rate and the end of the benefit of the TLTRO. Fee income was stable relative to Q1 22. As the benefit of positive interest rates on deposits being temporarily offset by the short-term hedging policy  2023 will be a transition year for French Retail Bank revenues due to an expected decrease in the net interest margin  stemming notably from the negative impacts of regulated savings (totalling around EUR 0.4 billion compared with 2022)  the end of the TLTRO benefit (around EUR 0.3 billion compared to 2022)  and the consequences of the usury rate on mortgage loans  which affects loan production volumes and margins  both of which have decreased. Based on March 2023 forward rates and assumptions on outstandings in line with current environment  the projection of net interest margin of French retail banking in 2023 is expected down by around -15% to -20% vs. 2022. The benefit of positive interest rates will materialise as of 2024 as these hedges mature. Operating expenses Operating expenses over the quarter were EUR 1 664 million (-2.0% vs. Q1 22) and EUR 1 535 million on an underlying basis (+0.5% vs. Q1 22). The underlying cost-to-income ratio stood at 79.5% at Q1 23. Cost of risk Over the first quarter  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 89 million or 14 basis points  which was lower than in Q4 22 (35 basis points). Group net income The contribution to underlying Group net income was EUR 233 million in Q1 23  down -47% vs. Q1 22. Underlying RONE stood at 7.5% in Q1 23. INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING & FINANCIAL SERVICESIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 2 206 2 071 +6.5% +15.3%* Operating expenses (1 108) (1 083) +2.3% +12.2%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 039) (1 011) +2.8% +13.5%* Gross operating income 1 098 988 +11.1% +18.6%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 167 1 060 +10.1% +17.0%* Net cost of risk (91) (325) -72.0% -31.9%* Operating income 1 007 663 +51.9% +26.6%* Net profits or losses from other assets (1) 2 n/s n/s Group net income 564 361 +56.2% +19.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 600 400 +50.1% +17.6%* RONE 21.4% 13.1% Underlying RONE(1) 22.7% 14.5% (2)(3) International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans posted growth of +5.8%* vs. Q1 22 to EUR 88.9 billion. Outstanding deposits grew slightly by +0.7%* vs. Q1 22 to EUR 81.5 billion. In Europe  outstanding loans rose by +7.7% compared with end-March 2022 to EUR 65.3 billion  driven by strong momentum in all regions  and particularly in the Czech Republic (+9.8% vs. Q1 22) and Romania (+11.1% vs. Q1 22). Outstanding deposits advanced by +1.5% vs. Q1 22 toEUR 55.1 billion  up by +6.9% on end-December 2022. Commercial performances continued to be solid in all regions in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  where loan outstandings rose by +5.0% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 23.6 billion amid an improved economic context. Deposits also increased by +5.1% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 26.4 billion  taking the loan-deposit ratio to 89% in Q1 23. In the Insurance activity  life insurance outstandings were stable on Q1 22 at EUR 132.9 billion. The share of unit-linked products in outstandings was 37%  up +1 point over the same period. Gross life insurance savings inflows amounted to EUR 3.6 billion  with France registering solid momentum (+1.7% vs. Q1 22). Protection insurance saw a +3.5%* increase vs. Q1-22  driven by a +7.4%* rise in P&C insurance over the same period. Financial Services also posted very robust growth. Operational Vehicle Leasing and Fleet Management posted growth of +3.2% vs. end-March 2022  driven by strong commercial momentum (excluding contracts involving Russia  Belarus  Portugal  Ireland and Norway  excepting NF Fleet Norway). The number of contracts totalled 1.8 million at end-March 2023. Equipment Finance outstanding loans were slightly higher by +1.5% relative to end-March 2022 at EUR 14.8 billion. Net banking income Net banking income amounted to EUR 2 206 million in Q1 23  up by +15.3%* vs. Q1 22. International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at EUR 1 262 million in Q1 23 up by +6.5%* vs. Q1 22. Revenues in Europe climbed +3.2% vs. Q1 22  driven by strong growth in Romania and a continued high net interest margin in the Czech Republic. Rebounds were confirmed in all regions across Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  which saw strong increases of +14.3% vs. Q1 22  with revenues driven by a high net interest margins and dynamic commercial activity in foreign exchange transactions. The Insurance business registered net banking income growth of +51.2%* to EUR 147 million vs. Q1 22 under IFRS 17. Financial Services’ net banking income grew sharply (+26.3%*) vs. Q1 22 at EUR 797 million. ALD continued to benefit in the first quarter from the adjustment of vehicle depreciation costs (EUR 163 million in Q1 23)  which is consistent with the increase in the residual value of vehicles and high income from used-car sales  with the average selling price per vehicle in Q1 23 being EUR 2 535 (EUR 3 102 excluding the depreciation curve adjustment). Operating expenses Operating expenses increased by +12.2%* on a reported basis (+13.5%* on an underlying basis) vs. Q1 22 to EUR 1 108 million  generating a positive jaws effect with an underlying cost-income ratio of 47.1% in Q1 23  lower than in Q1-22 (48.8%). At International Retail Banking  the costs increase remained under control over the quarter at +6.1%* on an underlying basis vs. Q1 22 despite spiking inflation. In the Insurance business  operating expenses increased by +21.0%* vs. Q1 22  resulting in a cost-to-income ratio of 15.6%. At Financial Services  operating expenses increased by +32.5%* on an underlying basis vs. Q1 22. The increase can be attributed to the recognition of expenses related to the preparation of the LeasePlan acquisition. Cost of risk Over the first quarter  the cost of risk fell to 27 basis points (or EUR 91 million) vs. 40 basis points in Q4 22. Group net income The contribution to Group net income was EUR 564 million in Q1-23  up by +19.6%* vs. Q1 22 and EUR 600 million on an underlying basis (+17.6%* vs. Q1 22). Underlying RONE stood at 22.7% in Q1 23  vs. 14.5% in Q1 22. Underlying RONE was 18.2% in International Retail Banking and 27.7% in Financial Services and Insurance at end-March 2023. GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 2 758 2 755 +0.1% -1.3%* Operating expenses (2 043) (2 172) -5.9% -6.1%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 603) (1 611) -0.5% -0.8%* Gross operating income 715 583 +22.6% +15.9%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 155 1 144 +1.0% -1.9%* Net cost of risk (5) (194) -97.4% -97.4%* Operating income 710 389 +82.5% +68.5%* Group net income 565 302 +87.1% +73.1%* Underlying Group net income(1) 899 734 +22.6% +18.7%* RONE 15.5% 8.6% Underlying RONE(1) 24.7% 20.8% Net banking income Global Banking & Investor Solutions once again delivered an outstanding performance in the first quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 758 million  which is stable with respect to the very strong Q1 22 result. Global Markets & Investor Services recorded net banking income of EUR 1 931 million in Q1 23  which was slightly down by -1.7% on the Q1 22 level. Global Markets’ first-quarter performance very nearly matched last year’s record (4) (5) of EUR 1 721 million (a slight -3.2% decrease vs. Q1 22) on the back of robust commercial activity  particularly in the rates activities and financing businesses. Against a favourable backdrop of spiking volatility in interest rates and currencies  Fixed Income and Currencies (FIC) turned in their best quarter since Q1-12  posting revenues of EUR 890 million  up by a strong +16.0% vs. Q1 22. This excellent performance can be attributed to robust commercial momentum. The Equities business recorded an overall positive performance  posting Q1 23 revenues of EUR 831 million  down -17.7% vs. a record(2) Q1 22 and up +28.8% vs. Q4 22. Market conditions were less favourable due to lower volumes and weaker volatility. Securities Services’ revenues grew by +11.7% over the quarter to EUR 210 million. Excluding the impact of the revaluation of our stake in Euroclear  business activity was stable compared with Q1 22. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration totalled EUR 4 605 billion and EUR 584 billion  respectively. Financing & Advisory activities registered a solid performance with Q1 revenues of EUR 827 million  up +4.7% vs. Q1 22. The Global Banking & Advisory business turned in a very praiseworthy performance  with revenue decreasing slightly by -4.9% vs. Q1 22  which was a record first quarter. This activity benefited notably from very strong market momentum in Asset Finance. Investment banking returned to growth amid persistently complex market conditions  thanks notably to debt capital market activities and telecommunications  media and technology (TMT) sector financing. The Asset-Backed Products and Natural Resources platforms showed sound resilience  posting minor contractions compared with a Q1 22 result that bordered on a record high. Activities involving the renewable energies sector continued to deliver solid growth. Global Transaction and Payment Services once again posted an excellent performance  with revenue growth of +51.1% vs. Q1 22 that took advantage of positive interest rates and very sound commercial performances. Operating expenses Operating expenses came to EUR 2 043 million in Q1 23  down -5.9% vs. Q1 22. The decline can be attributed to the highly disciplined approach to cost management and to the smaller contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) (in Q1 23  contribution to the SRF came to EUR 491 million vs. EUR 622 million in Q1 22). Excluding the SRF contribution and on an underlying basis  operating expenses rose by a very minor +1.7% vs. Q1 22. This brought the underlying cost-to-income ratio excluding the SRF contribution to 53.7% vs. 52.8% in Q1 22. Cost of risk Over the first quarter  the cost of risk improved sharply to 1 basis point (or EUR 5 million) vs. 16 basis points in Q4 22. Group net income The contribution to Group net income was EUR 565 million on a reported basis and EUR 899 million on an underlying basis  up by a strong +22.6% vs. Q1 22. Global Banking & Investor Solutions posted strong underlying RONE of 24.7% in Q1 23 (or 27.3% restated for the impact of the SRF contribution)  i.e. an improvement on the Q1 22 RONE of 20.8%. CORPORATE CENTREIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Net banking income (225) 47 Operating expenses (242) (178) Underlying operating expenses(6) (23) 3 Gross operating income (467) (131) Underlying gross operating income(1) (248) 50 Net cost of risk 3 5 Net profits or losses from other assets (21) - Income tax 113 19 Group net income (399) (158) Underlying Group net income(1) (225) (37) The Corporate Centre includes: the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses. The Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -225 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR +47 million in Q1 22. It notably includes the negative impact from the unwinding of derivatives taken out against the TLTRO scheme for around EUR -0.1 billion at Q1 23 (approximately EUR -0.3 billion in 2023) and the negative impact of the introduction of IFRS 17 (almost 70 million euros)  which was offset by operating expenses  resulting in an almost zero impact on gross operating income. Operating expenses totalled EUR -242 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -178 million in Q1 22. In particular  they include the Group’s transformation costs for a total amount of EUR -182 million relating to French Retail Banking activities (EUR -140 million)  Global Banking & Investor Solutions (EUR -11 million) and the Corporate Centre (EUR -31 million). Underlying costs came to EUR -23 million in Q1-23 vs. EUR +3 million in Q1 22. Gross operating income totalled EUR -467 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -131 million in Q1 22. Underlying gross operating income totalled EUR -248 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR 50 million in Q1 22. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income totalled EUR -399 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -158 million in Q1 22. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group underlying net income stood atEUR -225 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -37 million in Q1 22. 7. 2023 AND 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2023 and 2024 Financial communication calendarMay 23rd  2023 Combined annual general meetingAugust 3rd  2023 Second quarter and half year 2023 resultsNovember 3rd  2023 Third quarter and nine-month 2023 resultsFebruary 8th  2024 Fourth quarter and full year 2023 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal. 8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESS In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Variation French Retail Banking 138 316 -56.3% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 564 361 +56.2% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 565 302 +87.1% Core Businesses 1 267 979 +29.4% Corporate Centre (399) (158) n/s Group 868 821 +5.7% CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET In EUR m 31.03.2023 31.12.2022 Cash  due from central banks 223 149 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 494 709 427 151 Hedging derivatives 30 909 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 93 598 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 27 288 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 79 019 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 494 317 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (1 942) (2 262) Investments of insurance companies 438 353 Tax assets 4 415 4 484 Other assets 68 277 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 050 1 081 Deferred profit-sharing - - Investments accounted for using the equity method 156 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 34 457 33 958 Goodwill 3 784 3 781 Total 1 553 624 1 484 900 In EUR m 31.03.2023 31.12.2022 Due to central banks 10 513 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 375 254 304 175 Hedging derivatives 43 242 46 164 Debt securities issued 137 501 133 176 Due to banks 129 836 133 011 Customer deposits 536 228 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (8 777) (9 659) Tax liabilities 1 807 1 645 Other liabilities 92 667 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 204 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 138 606 135 875 Provisions 4 391 4 579 Subordinated debts 16 782 15 948 Total liabilities 1 478 254 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 215 21 248 Other equity instruments 10 136 9 136 Retained earnings 36 243 34 479 Net income 868 1 825 Sub-total 68 462 66 688 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 285 282 Sub-total equity  Group share 68 747 66 970 Non-controlling interests 6 623 6 356 Total equity 75 370 73 326 Total 1 553 624 1 484 900 APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 - The financial information presented for the first quarter 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on May 11th  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited. 2 - Net banking income The pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity. 3 - Operating expenses Operating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. 4 - IFRIC 21 adjustment The IFRIC 21 adjustment corrects the result of the charges recognised in the accounts in their entirety when they are due (generating event) so as to recognise only the portion relating to the current quarter  i.e. a quarter of the total. It consists in smoothing the charge recognised accordingly over the financial year in order to provide a more economic idea of the costs actually attributable to the activity over the period analysed. The contributions to Single Resolution Fund (“SRF”) are part of IFRIC 21 adjusted charges  they include contributions to national resolution funds within the EU. 5 – Exceptional items – Transition from accounting data to underlying data It may be necessary for the Group to present underlying indicators in order to facilitate the understanding of its actual performance. The transition from published data to underlying data is obtained by restating published data for exceptional items and the IFRIC 21 adjustment. Moreover  the Group restates the revenues and earnings of the French Retail Banking pillar for PEL/CEL provision allocations or write-backs. This adjustment makes it easier to identify the revenues and earnings relating to the pillar’s activity  by excluding the volatile component related to commitments specific to regulated savings. The reconciliation enabling the transition from published accounting data to underlying data is set out in the table below: in EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Exceptional operating expenses (-) 856 984 IFRIC linearisation 674 841 Transformation costs(1) 182 143 Of which related to French Retail Banking 140 104 Of which related to Global Banking & Investor Solutions 11 14 Of which related to Corporate Centre 31 25 Total exceptional items (pre-tax) 856 984 Total exceptional items (post-tax) 640 717 Reported Net income - Group Share 868 821 Total exceptional items - Group share (post-tax) 640 717 Underlying Net income - Group Share 1 508 1 538 (1)6 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings The cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases. In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 French Retail BankingNet Cost Of Risk 89 47 Gross loan Outstandings 252 689 242 645 Cost of Risk in bp 14 8 International Retail Banking and Financial ServicesNet Cost Of Risk 91 325 Gross loan Outstandings 134 988 140 547 Cost of Risk in bp 27 92 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 5 194 Gross loan Outstandings 177 590 170 749 Cost of Risk in bp 1 45 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk (3) (5) Gross loan Outstandings 16 537 14 413 Cost of Risk in bp (6) (12) Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 182 561 Gross loan Outstandings 581 804 568 354 Cost of Risk in bp 13 39 The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”). 7 - ROE  ROTE  RONE The notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity. RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment. Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodology End of period (in EUR m) Q1 23 Q1 22 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 747 66 089 Deeply subordinated notes (10 823) (8 178) Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (102) (65) OCI excluding conversion reserves 640 72 Distribution provision(2) (421) (415) Distribution N-1 to be paid (1 803) (2 285) ROE equity end-of-period 56 238 55 218 Average ROE equity 56 072 54 764 Average Goodwill (3 652) (3 624) Average Intangible Assets (2 876) (2 747) Average ROTE equity 49 544 48 393 Group net Income 868 821 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (119) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 2 Ajusted Group net Income 705 704 Average ROTE equity 49 544 48 393 ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying Group net income 1 508 1 538 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (119) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 2 Ajusted Underlying Group net Income 1 345 1 421 Average ROTE equity (underlying) 50 183 49 110 Underlying ROTE 10.7% 11.6% RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm) In EURm Q1 23 Q1 22 Change French Retail Banking 12 392 11 822 +4.8% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 10 564 11 026 -4.2% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 14 562 14 127 +3.1% Core Businesses 37 518 36 975 +1.5% Corporate Center 18 554 17 789 +4.3% Group 56 072 54 764 +2.4% 8 - Net assets and tangible net assets Net assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below: End of period (in EUR m) Q1 23 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 747 66 970 65 067 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (10 823) (10 017) (8 003) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (102) (24) 20 Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 130 67 37 Net Asset Value 57 952 56 996 57 121 Goodwill (3 652) (3 652) (3 624) Intangible Assets (2 878) (2 875) (2 733) Net Tangible Asset Value 51 423 50 469 50 764 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(2) 801 471 801 147 831 162 Net Asset Value per Share 72.3 71.1 68.7 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 64.2 63.0 61.1 9 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS) The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5 (underlying EPS).The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table: Average number of shares (thousands) Q1 23 2022 2021 Existing shares 829 046 845 478 853 371 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 899 6 252 3 861 Other own shares and treasury shares 20 838 16 788 3 249 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 801 309 822 437 846 261 Group net Income 868 1 825 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (596) (590) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 705 1 230 5 051 EPS (in EUR) 0.88 1.50 5.97 Underlying EPS (in EUR) 1.05 5.87 5.52 10 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios. 11 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratio The funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps: A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources. A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet. NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules. (2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section. APPENDIX 3: IMPACTS OF THE NEW IFRS 17 STANDARDPress release Paris  11 May 2023 Societe Generale publishes today new series of 2022 quarterly results following the application since 1 January 2023 of IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” and IFRS 9 “Financial lnstruments” 73for its insurance activities  with retrospective effect from 1 January 2022. While the application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 does not modify the profitability of insurance contracts over the duration of the life of the contracts  it does however impact the following: group net income  mainly due to the change in the pace of P&L recognition and a modification of the presentation of operating expenses relating to the execution of insurance contracts  now deducted from net banking income;consolidated shareholders’ equity  due to changes in valuation methodology for the relevant assets and liabilities under the new IFRS 17 standard  as well as for assets and liabilities subject to the IFRS 9 standard. At Societe Generale Group level  the first-time application of these standards on 1 January 2023 impacted the financial statements in the following ways: a EUR 193 million decrease in 2022 reported Group net income due to the change in pace of P&L recognition (see Appendix 1);a EUR 519 million net increase in Group shareholders’ equity from the date on which the standards first applied  i.e. 1 January 2023. The series of 2022 quarterly results have been adjusted consequently and are available on the Societe Generale website. (The figures included in this press release are unaudited.) Appendix 1: Financial impacts following the application of the IFRS 17 and 9 standards on 2022 net income In EUR m Group French Retail Banking Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Net Banking Income 27 155 28 059 (904) 8 706 8 839 (133) Operating expenses (17 994) (18 630) 636 (6 403) (6 473) 70 Gross operating income 9 161 9 429 (268) 2 303 2 366 (63) Group net income 1 825 2 018 (193) 1 399 1 445 (46) In EUR m International Retail Banking and Financial Services Global Banking & Investor Solutions Corporate Centre Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Net Banking Income 8 595 9 122 (527) 10 082 10 082 0 (228) 16 (244) Operating expenses (4 009) (4 334) 325 (6 634) (6 634) 0 (948) (1 189) 241 Gross operating income 4 586 4 788 (202) 3 448 3 448 (0) (1 176) (1 173) (3) Group net income 2 226 2 376 (150) 2 427 2 427 (0) (4 227) (4 230) 3Press contact: Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.com Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses: French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation; International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com. (1) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements)(2) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)  (2) Including IFRS 9 phasing   13.4% fully-loadedAsterisks* in the document refer to data at constant scope and exchange ratesNB: 2022 data in this document was restated  in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities(1) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group7 The application of IFRS 9 on insurance subsidiaries could be deferred pursuant to the criteria allowed under the amendments to IFRS 17 and IFRS 4 published by the IASB on 25 June 2020 and extended by EU Regulations 2017/1988 and 2020/2097 of the European Commission.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 2019(3) Ratio of S3 assets calculated on the gross carrying amount of the loans before offsetting guarantees and collateral(4) Exposure at Default(5) Ratio between the gross loan outstanding and the value of the financed real estate asset (1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data) (1) Including PEL/CEL provision and adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21 (1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data) Attachment Societe-Generale_PR_Q1-2023All news about SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 05/12 Societe Generale : Availability of the first amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration .. GL 05/12 Czech lender Komercni Banka lowers 2023 revenue target as deposit costs rise RE 05/12 European Midday Briefing: Solid Earnings  U.K. Data Buoy Stocks DJ 05/12 SocGen's Overnight Economic News Summary MT 05/12 INTERVIEW - Frédéric Oudea  CEO of Société Générale.. MT 05/12 Transcript : Société Générale Société anonyme  Q1 2023 Earnings Call  May 12 .. CI 05/12 SocGen beats estimates as bond trading offsets retail banking slump RE 05/12 Societe Generale : Q1 2023 Financial Results - Presentation PU 05/12 Societe Generale : First quarter 2023 earnings GL 05/12 SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE : 1st quarter results CO Analyst Recommendations on SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 05/04 Wells Fargo cuts Flutter; Shore says 'sell' CMC AN 05/02 HSBC raises Rightmove to 'buy' from 'hold' AN 04/13 EC to propose an SVB-like resolution approach,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.14,0.32,True,English,"['First quarter 2023 earnings', 'Societe Generale', 'AllianceBernstein Fréderic Oudéa', 'new retail bank SG', 'top-tier global equity research', 'LIQUIDITY PROFILE CET 1 ratio', 'successful first IT migration', 'Second IT migration', 'cash equity franchise', 'multiple email addresses', 'Single Resolution Fund', '2022 share buy-back programme', '2023 long-term funding programme', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES Merger', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'International Retail Banking', 'retail banking networks', 'net interest margin', 'Liquidity Coverage Ratio', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'major strategic projects', 'solid commercial performances', 'First quarter 2023 earnings', 'Robust business performance', 'French Retail Banking', 'Net banking income', 'Gross operating income', 'Seconds Societe Generale', 'ROBUST BALANCE SHEET', 'CONTINUED ORDERLY EXECUTION', 'sustainable profitability targets', 'strong revenue growth', 'Group net income', 'Societe Generale Group', 'GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'income ratio', 'successful execution', 'Global Banking', 'Net profits', 'Income tax', 'First name', 'liquidity reserves', 'global leader', 'sustainable mobility', 'value-creating projects', 'business revenues', 'business model', 'Operating expenses', 'solid momentum', 'robust growth', 'Net cost', 'strong growth', 'extraordinary contribution', 'Press release', 'Investor Solutions', 'limited defaults', 'stable stock', 'regulatory requirement', 'profitability breakeven', 'six subsidiaries', 'complex economic', 'financial environment', 'loan portfolio', 'important milestones', 'planned closing', 'warmest gratitude', 'tremendous support', 'other assets', 'non-controlling interests', 'various restatements', 'underlying data', 'published data', 'Methodology notes', 'Insurance Contracts', 'Financial lnstruments', 'insurance activities', 'SOLID RESULTS', 'Group Revenues', 'excellent contribution', '13 basis points', '30 basis points', 'Low cost', 'sound cost', 'managerial transition', 'risk management', 'end Q1', 'acquisition agreement', 'LeasePlan acquisition', 'Days', 'Hours', 'Minutes', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', '31 MARCH', 'Paris', 'FUNDAMENTALS', 'Boursorama', 'ALD', 'decrease', 'IFRS', 'provisions', 'loans', 'end-March', 'ROTE', 'approval', 'ECB', 'EUR', 'sharp 17', '0.7% increase', 'deposits', 'France', 'schedule', '14 May', 'client', '22 May', 'Creation', 'signature', 'uncertain', 'quality', 'franchises', 'strength', 'aspect', 'capital', 'unprecedented', 'strongly', 'employees', 'company', 'Change', 'losses', 'ROE', 'Board', 'Directors', '11 May', 'chairmanship', 'Section', '1 January', 'effect', 'standards', 'impacts', 'Appendix', 'resilience', 'businesses', '10.']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24805,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2667497/0/en/Societe-Generale-First-quarter-2023-earnings.html,Societe Generale: First quarter 2023 earnings,RESULTS AT 31 MARCH 2023       Press releaseParis  12 May 2023   SOLID RESULTS AND FUNDAMENTALS    Robust business performance driven by strong...,French EnglishRESULTS AT 31 MARCH 2023Press releaseParis  12 May 2023SOLID RESULTS AND FUNDAMENTALSRobust business performance driven by strong growth at Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and an excellent contribution by Global Banking and Investor Solutions  while French Retail Banking has been temporarily impacted by a decrease in the net interest marginGroup Revenues down -3.8%* under IFRS 17 vs. Q1 22 with business revenues up by +0.3%* vs. Q1 22Underlying cost-to-income ratio  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  at 60.5%Low cost of risk at 13 basis points in Q1 23  with limited defaults and a stable stock of provisions for performing loans of EUR 3.8 billion at end-March 2023; cost of risk for 2023 expected below 30 basis pointsUnderlying Group net income of EUR 1.5 billion(1) (EUR 868 million on a reported basis  up +5.7% vs. Q1 22)Underlying profitability (ROTE) at 10.7%(1)ROBUST BALANCE SHEET AND LIQUIDITY PROFILECET 1 ratio of 13.5%(2) at end-March 2023  around 410 basis points above the regulatory requirement  approval by the ECB of the 2022 share buy-back programme for around EUR 440 millionLiquidity Coverage Ratio up by a sharp 171% at end Q1 23 owing to a 0.7% increase in deposits over the quarter and liquidity reserves strengthened to EUR 296 billion2023 long-term funding programme  more than 70% completedCONTINUED ORDERLY EXECUTION OF STRATEGIC INITIATIVESMerger between the retail banking networks in France: successful first IT migration in March  according to schedule. Second IT migration planned for 13 and 14 May 2023Growth of Boursorama: profitability breakeven reached in Q1 23 amid durably robust growth in client’s acquisitionAcquisition of LeasePlan by ALD: agreement signed by ALD to sell six subsidiaries. ALD’s Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 22 May 2023Creation of Bernstein: a top-tier global equity research and cash equity franchise  signature of the acquisition agreement with AllianceBernsteinFréderic Oudéa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“Amid a persistently uncertain and complex economic and financial environment  Societe Generale has posted again this quarter solid commercial performances and results which confirm the quality of the Group’s franchises and are based on sound cost and risk management. The strength of the balance sheet is confirmed in every aspect  capital  liquidity and the quality of the loan portfolio. We have also fully achieved some very important milestones to renew the Group’s business model following the successful execution of major strategic projects  such as the creation of our new retail bank SG in France  continued growth at Boursorama and the planned closing of the LeasePlan acquisition by ALD to create a global leader in sustainable mobility. These unprecedented and strongly value-creating projects will help the Group meet its sustainable profitability targets. On the eve of our managerial transition  I would like to express my warmest gratitude to all the employees of the Group for their tremendous support and for their extraordinary contribution to the growth of our company.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 6 671 7 043 -5.3% -3.8%* Operating expenses (5 057) (5 131) -1.4% +0.3%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (4 201) (4 147) +1.3% +3.6%* Gross operating income 1 614 1 912 -15.6% -14.6%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 2 470 2 896 -14.7% -14.1%* Net cost of risk (182) (561) -67.6% -51.4%* Operating income 1 432 1 351 +6.0% -5.9%* Underlying operating income(1) 2 288 2 335 -2.0% -8.7%* Net profits or losses from other assets (17) 2 n/s n/s Income tax (328) (333) -1.6% -4.0%* Net income 1 092 1 020 +7.1% -7.9%* O.w. non-controlling interests 224 199 +12.6% +12.4%* Group net income 868 821 +5.7% -12.0%* Underlying Group net income(1) 1 508 1 538 -2.0% -11.5%* ROE 5.0% 5.1% ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying ROTE(1) 10.7% 11.6%Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 11 May 2023 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined Societe Generale Group’s results for Q1 23.The various restatements enabling the transition from underlying data to published data are presented in the Methodology notes in Section 9.5.Since 1 January 2023  Societe Generale has retrospectively applied IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9 – Financial lnstruments(2) to its insurance activities  with effect from 1 January 2022. The press release published on 11 May 2023 detailing the standards’ impacts is set out in Appendix 3 (section 10).Net banking incomeNet banking income showed resilience in Q1 23 at -3.8%* vs. Q1 22 and slightly up by +0.3%* for the businesses  driven by strong revenue growth in Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and by solid momentum in Global Banking and Investor Solutions  while French Retail Banking is being temporarily impacted by a decreased net interest margin.Given that the benefit of rising interest rates on deposits was largely offset by the ALM interest rate hedging policy  Retail Banking’s revenues in France fell by -11.0% vs. Q1 22  largely due to higher interest rates on regulated savings schemes  the end of the benefit of the TLTRO programme and the usury rate’s impact on loan activity  despite sound momentum in fees and a solid performance from Private Banking.Revenues at International Retail Banking & Financial Services grew by +6.5% (+15.3%*) vs. Q1 22  with solid growth by International Retail Banking  where revenues increased by +6.5%* vs. Q1 22  a very strong performance by Financial Services of +26.3%* vs. Q1 22 that was driven by ALD  and by Insurance revenues  which climbed by +51.2%* vs. Q1 22 under IFRS 17.Global Banking & Investor Solutions registered stable Q1 23 revenues relative to Q1 22. Global Markets & Investor Services’ revenues were slightly below the very sound Q1 22 performance (-1.7%)  while Financing & Advisory continued to post revenue growth  registering an increase of +4.7% vs. Q1 22.Operating expensesOn a reported basis  operating expenses came to EUR 5 057 million in Q1 23  down -1.4% vs. Q1 22. On an underlying basis  they totalled EUR 4 201 million (adjusted for IFRIC 21 linearisation and transformation charges)  i.e. a moderate rise of +1.3% relative to Q1 22.Contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) stood at EUR 672 million in Q1 23  which isEUR -192 million less than in Q1 22 (EUR 864 million).Excluding the Single Resolution Fund contribution  the underlying cost-to-income ratio(2) is 60.5%  which is below the target range between 66% and 68% for 2023.Cost of riskThe cost of risk for Q1 23 was low at 13 basis points  i.e.  EUR 182 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 206 million (14 basis points) and a reversal on performing loans for EUR -24 million (-2 basis points).At end-March 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 758 million  down EUR -11 million relative to 31 December 2022.The non-performing loans ratio stood at 2.8%(2) at 31 March 2023  down around 10 basis points vs. 31 March 2022. The gross coverage ratio on doubtful loans for the Group stood at 49%(3) at 31 March 2023.The cost of risk in 2023 is expected to be below 30 basis points.With respect to risk exposure  the Group has a diversified corporate loan portfolio of EUR 385 billion at 31 March 2023 representing around 34% of Group exposure (EUR 1 136 billion at 31 March 2023)  with limited concentration risk. More specifically  the Group has very limited exposure to regional banks in the US (EaD(4) < USD 100 million).The Group also has low exposure to the commercial corporate real estate sector. Exposure to the sector stood at 1.9% of the Group’s total Exposure at Default at 31 March 2023  within total exposure of 3.2% to the corporate real estate sector. This exposure is based on a prudent and disciplined origination policy and is diversified geographically – 79% in Western Europe  12% in the US and 7% in Asia – with moderate focus on office real estate (25%) and presents a loan-to-value ratio(5) of 50%.Furthermore  the Group’s exposure to Leverage Buy-Out (LBO) financing is small and has a low concentration level  which is consistent with a selective lending policy. Exposure at Default (EAD) is approximately EUR 5 billion  or ~0.4% of the Group’s total EAD.Last  offshore exposure to Russia was reduced by around EUR 0.2 billion in the first quarter to EUR 1.6 billion at 31 March 2023  i.e. a decrease of -50% since 31 December 2021. The risk exposure on this portfolio is now estimated to be less than EUR 0.5 billion  compared with less than EUR 0.6 billion for the previous quarter. Total provisions stood at EUR 0.4 billion at end-March 2023.In addition  the Group’s residual exposure to Rosbank was extremely limited at end-March 2023  at less than EUR 0.1 billion.Group net incomeIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Reported Group net income 868 821 Underlying Group net income(1) 1 508 1 538As a % Q1-23 Q1 22 ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying ROTE(1) 10.7% 11.6%(2)Earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.88 in Q1 23. Underlying earnings per share amounted to EUR 1.05 over the same period.THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 68.7 billion at 31 March 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 72.3 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 64.2.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 554 billion at 31 March 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 11) stood at EUR 945 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 503 billion  which is a -2.5% decrease compared with 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 598 billion  up +0.7% vs. 31 December 2022.At 26 April 2023  the parent company had issued EUR 27.6 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 5.2 years and an average spread of 88 basis points (over 6-month midswaps  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 1.25 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 28.85 billion in medium/long-term debt.The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 171% at end-March 2023 (169% on average for the quarter)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. Concurrently  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 115% at end-March 2023.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 361.0 billion at 31 March 2023 vs. EUR 362.4 billion at end-December 2022 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk account for 83.8% of the total  i.e.  EUR 302.3 billion  down -0.1% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 March 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.5%  or around 410 basis points above the regulatory requirement. The CET 1 ratio includes a +9 basis-point impact from the phase-in of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.4%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 16.5% at end-March 2023 (16.3% at end-December 2022) while the total capital ratio amounted to 19.4% (19.4% at end-December 2022).The leverage ratio stood at 4.2% at 31 March 2023 (4.4% at end-December 2022).With an RWA ratio of 33.7% and leverage exposure of 8.5% at end-March 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 34.3% of RWA and 8.6% of leverage exposure at end-March 2023  are also far above the regulatory requirements.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  stable rating  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”.FRENCH RETAIL BANKINGIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 1 932 2 170 -11.0% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 942 2 147 -9.5% Operating expenses (1 664) (1 698) -2.0% Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 535) (1 528) +0.5% Gross operating income 268 472 -43.2% Underlying gross operating income(1) 397 642 -38.2% Net cost of risk (89) (47) +89.4% Operating income 179 425 -57.9% Net profits or losses from other assets 5 0 n/s Group net income 138 316 -56.3% Underlying Group net income(1) 233 442 -47.2% RONE 4.5% 10.7% Underlying RONE(1) 7.5% 15.0%(2)SG networksAverage loan outstandings were stable on the Q1 22 level at EUR 211 billion. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional customers (excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans) were around +5% higher vs. Q1 22. Home loans were stable on the Q1 22 level  which is consistent with the Group’s selective origination policy.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits  which include all deposits from corporate and professional  rose by around +1% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 248 billion.As a result  the average loan to deposit ratio stood at 85% in Q1 23  which is a 1 percentage point improvement on the Q1 22 level.Life insurance assets under management totalled EUR 111 billion at end-March 2023  stable vs. Q1 22 (with the unit-linked share accounting for 33%). Gross life insurance inflows amounted to EUR 3.3 billion at Q1 23.Personal protection insurance premiums were up +3% vs. Q1 22 while property/casualty insurance premiums increased +7% vs. Q1 22.BoursoramaBoursorama attracted around 297 000 new clients in the first quarter of 2023  thereby consolidating its position as the leading online bank in France  and registered more than 4.9 million clients atend-March 2023.Average loan outstandings grew by +6.7% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 15.2 billion. Home loan outstandings climbed by +6.9% vs. Q1 22  while consumer loan outstandings were up +4.7% vs. Q1 22.Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were +39.4% higher vs. Q1 22 at EUR 51.0 billion. Deposits rose by a sharp +39.4% vs. Q1 22  notably on back of durably brisk inflow momentum during the quarter. Life insurance outstandings increased by +67.4% vs. Q1 22  with the unit-linked share accounting for 42%.Boursorama reinforced its day-to-day banking operations  registering growth in payment volumes of +48% vs. Q1 22.During the first quarter  Boursorama became B CorpTM certified and pledged to continue improving its CSR approach.At end-March 2023  the online bank posted net income at breakeven while pursuing its target to attract new clients. Revenues accelerated relative to the year-earlier period (1.6x vs. Q1 22  excluding new client acquisition costs) and were notably driven by continued client onboarding growth and a favourable interest rate environment.At the same time  Boursorama posted decreases in both client acquisition costs (~-9% vs. Q1 22 and ~- 21% vs. Q1 21) and cost-to-serve (~-11% on average since 2019). Boursorama is growing in step with a limited increase of its teams  46 new employees have been recruited since end-2021. The online bank’s total headcount of full-time employees (FTE) stood at 898 at end-March 2023.Private BankingPrivate Banking activities  which have been housed in French Retail Banking since the beginning of 2022  cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France. Assets under management totalled EUR 132 billion at Q1 23  excluding activities formerly managed by Lyxor. Private Banking’s net asset inflows amounted to EUR 2.4 billion at Q1 23. Net banking income stood at EUR 326 million in Q1 23  which is a +2.8% increase vs. Q1 22.Net banking incomeRevenues for the quarter totalled EUR 1 932 million. Revenues are down -9.5% vs. Q1 22 excluding PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues including PEL/CEL was down by -18% vs. Q1 22  and was notably impacted by higher interest rates on regulated savings schemes  the consequences of the usury rate and the end of the benefit of the TLTRO. Fee income was stable relative to Q1 22.As the benefit of positive interest rates on deposits being temporarily offset by the short-term hedging policy  2023 will be a transition year for French Retail Bank revenues due to an expected decrease in the net interest margin  stemming notably from the negative impacts of regulated savings (totalling around EUR 0.4 billion compared with 2022)  the end of the TLTRO benefit (around EUR 0.3 billion compared to 2022)  and the consequences of the usury rate on mortgage loans  which affects loan production volumes and margins  both of which have decreased. Based on March 2023 forward rates and assumptions on outstandings in line with current environment  the projection of net interest margin of French retail banking in 2023 is expected down by around -15% to -20% vs. 2022. The benefit of positive interest rates will materialise as of 2024 as these hedges mature.Operating expensesOperating expenses over the quarter were EUR 1 664 million (-2.0% vs. Q1 22) and EUR 1 535 million on an underlying basis (+0.5% vs. Q1 22). The underlying cost-to-income ratio stood at 79.5% at Q1 23.Cost of riskOver the first quarter  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 89 million or 14 basis points  which was lower than in Q4 22 (35 basis points).Group net incomeThe contribution to underlying Group net income was EUR 233 million in Q1 23  down -47% vs. Q1 22. Underlying RONE stood at 7.5% in Q1 23.INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING & FINANCIAL SERVICESIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 2 206 2 071 +6.5% +15.3%* Operating expenses (1 108) (1 083) +2.3% +12.2%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 039) (1 011) +2.8% +13.5%* Gross operating income 1 098 988 +11.1% +18.6%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 167 1 060 +10.1% +17.0%* Net cost of risk (91) (325) -72.0% -31.9%* Operating income 1 007 663 +51.9% +26.6%* Net profits or losses from other assets (1) 2 n/s n/s Group net income 564 361 +56.2% +19.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 600 400 +50.1% +17.6%* RONE 21.4% 13.1% Underlying RONE(1) 22.7% 14.5%(2)(3)International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans posted growth of +5.8%* vs. Q1 22 to EUR 88.9 billion. Outstanding deposits grew slightly by +0.7%* vs. Q1 22 to EUR 81.5 billion.In Europe  outstanding loans rose by +7.7% compared with end-March 2022 to EUR 65.3 billion  driven by strong momentum in all regions  and particularly in the Czech Republic (+9.8% vs. Q1 22) and Romania (+11.1% vs. Q1 22). Outstanding deposits advanced by +1.5% vs. Q1 22 toEUR 55.1 billion  up by +6.9% on end-December 2022.Commercial performances continued to be solid in all regions in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  where loan outstandings rose by +5.0% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 23.6 billion amid an improved economic context. Deposits also increased by +5.1% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 26.4 billion  taking the loan-deposit ratio to 89% in Q1 23.In the Insurance activity  life insurance outstandings were stable on Q1 22 at EUR 132.9 billion. The share of unit-linked products in outstandings was 37%  up +1 point over the same period. Gross life insurance savings inflows amounted to EUR 3.6 billion  with France registering solid momentum (+1.7% vs. Q1 22). Protection insurance saw a +3.5%* increase vs. Q1-22  driven by a +7.4%* rise in P&C insurance over the same period.Financial Services also posted very robust growth. Operational Vehicle Leasing and Fleet Management posted growth of +3.2% vs. end-March 2022  driven by strong commercial momentum (excluding contracts involving Russia  Belarus  Portugal  Ireland and Norway  excepting NF Fleet Norway). The number of contracts totalled 1.8 million at end-March 2023. Equipment Finance outstanding loans were slightly higher by +1.5% relative to end-March 2022 at EUR 14.8 billion.Net banking incomeNet banking income amounted to EUR 2 206 million in Q1 23  up by +15.3%* vs. Q1 22.International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at EUR 1 262 million in Q1 23 up by +6.5%* vs. Q1 22.Revenues in Europe climbed +3.2% vs. Q1 22  driven by strong growth in Romania and a continued high net interest margin in the Czech Republic.Rebounds were confirmed in all regions across Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  which saw strong increases of +14.3% vs. Q1 22  with revenues driven by a high net interest margins and dynamic commercial activity in foreign exchange transactions.The Insurance business registered net banking income growth of +51.2%* to EUR 147 million vs. Q1 22 under IFRS 17.Financial Services’ net banking income grew sharply (+26.3%*) vs. Q1 22 at EUR 797 million. ALD continued to benefit in the first quarter from the adjustment of vehicle depreciation costs (EUR 163 million in Q1 23)  which is consistent with the increase in the residual value of vehicles and high income from used-car sales  with the average selling price per vehicle in Q1 23 being EUR 2 535 (EUR 3 102 excluding the depreciation curve adjustment).Operating expensesOperating expenses increased by +12.2%* on a reported basis (+13.5%* on an underlying basis) vs. Q1 22 to EUR 1 108 million  generating a positive jaws effect with an underlying cost-income ratio of 47.1% in Q1 23  lower than in Q1-22 (48.8%).At International Retail Banking  the costs increase remained under control over the quarter at +6.1%* on an underlying basis vs. Q1 22 despite spiking inflation.In the Insurance business  operating expenses increased by +21.0%* vs. Q1 22  resulting in a cost-to-income ratio of 15.6%.At Financial Services  operating expenses increased by +32.5%* on an underlying basis vs. Q1 22. The increase can be attributed to the recognition of expenses related to the preparation of the LeasePlan acquisition.Cost of riskOver the first quarter  the cost of risk fell to 27 basis points (or EUR 91 million) vs. 40 basis points in Q4 22.Group net incomeThe contribution to Group net income was EUR 564 million in Q1-23  up by +19.6%* vs. Q1 22 and EUR 600 million on an underlying basis (+17.6%* vs. Q1 22).Underlying RONE stood at 22.7% in Q1 23  vs. 14.5% in Q1 22. Underlying RONE was 18.2% in International Retail Banking and 27.7% in Financial Services and Insurance at end-March 2023.GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 2 758 2 755 +0.1% -1.3%* Operating expenses (2 043) (2 172) -5.9% -6.1%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 603) (1 611) -0.5% -0.8%* Gross operating income 715 583 +22.6% +15.9%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 155 1 144 +1.0% -1.9%* Net cost of risk (5) (194) -97.4% -97.4%* Operating income 710 389 +82.5% +68.5%* Group net income 565 302 +87.1% +73.1%* Underlying Group net income(1) 899 734 +22.6% +18.7%* RONE 15.5% 8.6% Underlying RONE(1) 24.7% 20.8%Net banking incomeGlobal Banking & Investor Solutions once again delivered an outstanding performance in the first quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 758 million  which is stable with respect to the very strong Q1 22 result.Global Markets & Investor Services recorded net banking income of EUR 1 931 million in Q1 23  which was slightly down by -1.7% on the Q1 22 level.Global Markets’ first-quarter performance very nearly matched last year’s record (4) (5) of EUR 1 721 million (a slight -3.2% decrease vs. Q1 22) on the back of robust commercial activity  particularly in the rates activities and financing businesses.Against a favourable backdrop of spiking volatility in interest rates and currencies  Fixed Income and Currencies (FIC) turned in their best quarter since Q1-12  posting revenues of EUR 890 million  up by a strong +16.0% vs. Q1 22. This excellent performance can be attributed to robust commercial momentum.The Equities business recorded an overall positive performance  posting Q1 23 revenues of EUR 831 million  down -17.7% vs. a record(2) Q1 22 and up +28.8% vs. Q4 22. Market conditions were less favourable due to lower volumes and weaker volatility.Securities Services’ revenues grew by +11.7% over the quarter to EUR 210 million. Excluding the impact of the revaluation of our stake in Euroclear  business activity was stable compared with Q1 22. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration totalled EUR 4 605 billion and EUR 584 billion  respectively.Financing & Advisory activities registered a solid performance with Q1 revenues of EUR 827 million  up +4.7% vs. Q1 22.The Global Banking & Advisory business turned in a very praiseworthy performance  with revenue decreasing slightly by -4.9% vs. Q1 22  which was a record first quarter. This activity benefited notably from very strong market momentum in Asset Finance. Investment banking returned to growth amid persistently complex market conditions  thanks notably to debt capital market activities and telecommunications  media and technology (TMT) sector financing. The Asset-Backed Products and Natural Resources platforms showed sound resilience  posting minor contractions compared with a Q1 22 result that bordered on a record high. Activities involving the renewable energies sector continued to deliver solid growth.Global Transaction and Payment Services once again posted an excellent performance  with revenue growth of +51.1% vs. Q1 22 that took advantage of positive interest rates and very sound commercial performances.Operating expensesOperating expenses came to EUR 2 043 million in Q1 23  down -5.9% vs. Q1 22. The decline can be attributed to the highly disciplined approach to cost management and to the smaller contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) (in Q1 23  contribution to the SRF came to EUR 491 million vs. EUR 622 million in Q1 22). Excluding the SRF contribution and on an underlying basis  operating expenses rose by a very minor +1.7% vs. Q1 22. This brought the underlying cost-to-income ratio excluding the SRF contribution to 53.7% vs. 52.8% in Q1 22.Cost of riskOver the first quarter  the cost of risk improved sharply to 1 basis point (or EUR 5 million) vs. 16 basis points in Q4 22.Group net incomeThe contribution to Group net income was EUR 565 million on a reported basis and EUR 899 million on an underlying basis  up by a strong +22.6% vs. Q1 22.Global Banking & Investor Solutions posted strong underlying RONE of 24.7% in Q1 23 (or 27.3% restated for the impact of the SRF contribution)  i.e. an improvement on the Q1 22 RONE of 20.8%.CORPORATE CENTREIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Net banking income (225) 47 Operating expenses (242) (178) Underlying operating expenses(6) (23) 3 Gross operating income (467) (131) Underlying gross operating income(1) (248) 50 Net cost of risk 3 5 Net profits or losses from other assets (21) - Income tax 113 19 Group net income (399) (158) Underlying Group net income(1) (225) (37)The Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses.The Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -225 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR +47 million in Q1 22. It notably includes the negative impact from the unwinding of derivatives taken out against the TLTRO scheme for around EUR -0.1 billion at Q1 23 (approximately EUR -0.3 billion in 2023) and the negative impact of the introduction of IFRS 17 (almost 70 million euros)  which was offset by operating expenses  resulting in an almost zero impact on gross operating income.Operating expenses totalled EUR -242 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -178 million in Q1 22. In particular  they include the Group’s transformation costs for a total amount of EUR -182 million relating to French Retail Banking activities (EUR -140 million)  Global Banking & Investor Solutions (EUR -11 million) and the Corporate Centre (EUR -31 million). Underlying costs came to EUR -23 million in Q1-23 vs. EUR +3 million in Q1 22.Gross operating income totalled EUR -467 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -131 million in Q1 22. Underlying gross operating income totalled EUR -248 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR 50 million in Q1 22.The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income totalled EUR -399 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -158 million in Q1 22. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group underlying net income stood atEUR -225 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -37 million in Q1 22.7. 2023 AND 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2023 and 2024 Financial communication calendarMay 23rd  2023 Combined annual general meetingAugust 3rd  2023 Second quarter and half year 2023 resultsNovember 3rd  2023 Third quarter and nine-month 2023 resultsFebruary 8th  2024 Fourth quarter and full year 2023 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Variation French Retail Banking 138 316 -56.3% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 564 361 +56.2% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 565 302 +87.1% Core Businesses 1 267 979 +29.4% Corporate Centre (399) (158) n/s Group 868 821 +5.7%CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 31.03.2023 31.12.2022 Cash  due from central banks 223 149 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 494 709 427 151 Hedging derivatives 30 909 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 93 598 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 27 288 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 79 019 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 494 317 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (1 942) (2 262) Investments of insurance companies 438 353 Tax assets 4 415 4 484 Other assets 68 277 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 050 1 081 Deferred profit-sharing - - Investments accounted for using the equity method 156 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 34 457 33 958 Goodwill 3 784 3 781 Total 1 553 624 1 484 900In EUR m 31.03.2023 31.12.2022 Due to central banks 10 513 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 375 254 304 175 Hedging derivatives 43 242 46 164 Debt securities issued 137 501 133 176 Due to banks 129 836 133 011 Customer deposits 536 228 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (8 777) (9 659) Tax liabilities 1 807 1 645 Other liabilities 92 667 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 204 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 138 606 135 875 Provisions 4 391 4 579 Subordinated debts 16 782 15 948 Total liabilities 1 478 254 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 215 21 248 Other equity instruments 10 136 9 136 Retained earnings 36 243 34 479 Net income 868 1 825 Sub-total 68 462 66 688 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 285 282 Sub-total equity  Group share 68 747 66 970 Non-controlling interests 6 623 6 356 Total equity 75 370 73 326 Total 1 553 624 1 484 900APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 - The financial information presented for the first quarter 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on May 11th  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited.2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.4 - IFRIC 21 adjustmentThe IFRIC 21 adjustment corrects the result of the charges recognised in the accounts in their entirety when they are due (generating event) so as to recognise only the portion relating to the current quarter  i.e. a quarter of the total. It consists in smoothing the charge recognised accordingly over the financial year in order to provide a more economic idea of the costs actually attributable to the activity over the period analysed.The contributions to Single Resolution Fund (“SRF”) are part of IFRIC 21 adjusted charges  they include contributions to national resolution funds within the EU.5 – Exceptional items – Transition from accounting data to underlying dataIt may be necessary for the Group to present underlying indicators in order to facilitate the understanding of its actual performance. The transition from published data to underlying data is obtained by restating published data for exceptional items and the IFRIC 21 adjustment.Moreover  the Group restates the revenues and earnings of the French Retail Banking pillar for PEL/CEL provision allocations or write-backs. This adjustment makes it easier to identify the revenues and earnings relating to the pillar’s activity  by excluding the volatile component related to commitments specific to regulated savings.The reconciliation enabling the transition from published accounting data to underlying data is set out in the table below:in EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Exceptional operating expenses (-) 856 984 IFRIC linearisation 674 841 Transformation costs(1) 182 143 Of which related to French Retail Banking 140 104 Of which related to Global Banking & Investor Solutions 11 14 Of which related to Corporate Centre 31 25 Total exceptional items (pre-tax) 856 984 Total exceptional items (post-tax) 640 717 Reported Net income - Group Share 868 821 Total exceptional items - Group share (post-tax) 640 717 Underlying Net income - Group Share 1 508 1 538(1)6 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 French Retail BankingNet Cost Of Risk 89 47 Gross loan Outstandings 252 689 242 645 Cost of Risk in bp 14 8 International Retail Banking and Financial ServicesNet Cost Of Risk 91 325 Gross loan Outstandings 134 988 140 547 Cost of Risk in bp 27 92 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 5 194 Gross loan Outstandings 177 590 170 749 Cost of Risk in bp 1 45 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk (3) (5) Gross loan Outstandings 16 537 14 413 Cost of Risk in bp (6) (12) Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 182 561 Gross loan Outstandings 581 804 568 354 Cost of Risk in bp 13 39The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).7 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EUR m) Q1 23 Q1 22 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 747 66 089 Deeply subordinated notes (10 823) (8 178) Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (102) (65) OCI excluding conversion reserves 640 72 Distribution provision(2) (421) (415) Distribution N-1 to be paid (1 803) (2 285) ROE equity end-of-period 56 238 55 218 Average ROE equity 56 072 54 764 Average Goodwill (3 652) (3 624) Average Intangible Assets (2 876) (2 747) Average ROTE equity 49 544 48 393 Group net Income 868 821 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (119) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 2 Ajusted Group net Income 705 704 Average ROTE equity 49 544 48 393 ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying Group net income 1 508 1 538 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (119) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 2 Ajusted Underlying Group net Income 1 345 1 421 Average ROTE equity (underlying) 50 183 49 110 Underlying ROTE 10.7% 11.6%RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm)In EURm Q1 23 Q1 22 Change French Retail Banking 12 392 11 822 +4.8% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 10 564 11 026 -4.2% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 14 562 14 127 +3.1% Core Businesses 37 518 36 975 +1.5% Corporate Center 18 554 17 789 +4.3% Group 56 072 54 764 +2.4%8 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EUR m) Q1 23 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 747 66 970 65 067 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (10 823) (10 017) (8 003) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (102) (24) 20 Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 130 67 37 Net Asset Value 57 952 56 996 57 121 Goodwill (3 652) (3 652) (3 624) Intangible Assets (2 878) (2 875) (2 733) Net Tangible Asset Value 51 423 50 469 50 764 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(2) 801 471 801 147 831 162 Net Asset Value per Share 72.3 71.1 68.7 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 64.2 63.0 61.19 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5 (underlying EPS).The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) Q1 23 2022 2021 Existing shares 829 046 845 478 853 371 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 899 6 252 3 861 Other own shares and treasury shares 20 838 16 788 3 249 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 801 309 822 437 846 261 Group net Income 868 1 825 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (596) (590) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 705 1 230 5 051 EPS (in EUR) 0.88 1.50 5.97 Underlying EPS (in EUR) 1.05 5.87 5.5210 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.11 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratioThe funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps:A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources.A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.APPENDIX 3: IMPACTS OF THE NEW IFRS 17 STANDARDPress releaseParis  11 May 2023Societe Generale publishes today new series of 2022 quarterly results following the application since 1 January 2023 of IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” and IFRS 9 “Financial lnstruments” 73for its insurance activities  with retrospective effect from 1 January 2022.While the application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 does not modify the profitability of insurance contracts over the duration of the life of the contracts  it does however impact the following:group net income  mainly due to the change in the pace of P&L recognition and a modification of the presentation of operating expenses relating to the execution of insurance contracts  now deducted from net banking income;consolidated shareholders’ equity  due to changes in valuation methodology for the relevant assets and liabilities under the new IFRS 17 standard  as well as for assets and liabilities subject to the IFRS 9 standard.At Societe Generale Group level  the first-time application of these standards on 1 January 2023 impacted the financial statements in the following ways:a EUR 193 million decrease in 2022 reported Group net income due to the change in pace of P&L recognition (see Appendix 1);a EUR 519 million net increase in Group shareholders’ equity from the date on which the standards first applied  i.e. 1 January 2023.The series of 2022 quarterly results have been adjusted consequently and are available on the Societe Generale website.(The figures included in this press release are unaudited.)Appendix 1: Financial impacts following the application of the IFRS 17 and 9 standards on 2022 net incomeIn EUR m Group French Retail Banking Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Net Banking Income 27 155 28 059 (904) 8 706 8 839 (133) Operating expenses (17 994) (18 630) 636 (6 403) (6 473) 70 Gross operating income 9 161 9 429 (268) 2 303 2 366 (63) Group net income 1 825 2 018 (193) 1 399 1 445 (46) In EUR m International Retail Banking and Financial Services Global Banking & Investor Solutions Corporate Centre Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Net Banking Income 8 595 9 122 (527) 10 082 10 082 0 (228) 16 (244) Operating expenses (4 009) (4 334) 325 (6 634) (6 634) 0 (948) (1 189) 241 Gross operating income 4 586 4 788 (202) 3 448 3 448 (0) (1 176) (1 173) (3) Group net income 2 226 2 376 (150) 2 427 2 427 (0) (4 227) (4 230) 3Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.(1) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements)(2) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)  (2) Including IFRS 9 phasing   13.4% fully-loadedAsterisks* in the document refer to data at constant scope and exchange ratesNB: 2022 data in this document was restated  in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities(1) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group7 The application of IFRS 9 on insurance subsidiaries could be deferred pursuant to the criteria allowed under the amendments to IFRS 17 and IFRS 4 published by the IASB on 25 June 2020 and extended by EU Regulations 2017/1988 and 2020/2097 of the European Commission.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 2019(3) Ratio of S3 assets calculated on the gross carrying amount of the loans before offsetting guarantees and collateral(4) Exposure at Default(5) Ratio between the gross loan outstanding and the value of the financed real estate asset(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(1) Including PEL/CEL provision and adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.18,0.31,True,English,"['First quarter 2023 earnings', 'Societe Generale', 'ALM interest rate hedging policy', 'net interest margin Group Revenues', 'Fréderic Oudéa', 'new retail bank SG', 'successful first IT migration', 'top-tier global equity research', 'Underlying Group net income', 'Second IT migration', 'rising interest rates', 'cash equity franchise', 'Single Resolution Fund', '2022 share buy-back programme', '2023 long-term funding programme', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'retail banking networks', 'International Retail Banking', 'French Retail Banking', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'solid commercial performances', 'Net banking income', 'Robust business performance', 'major strategic projects', 'Gross operating income', 'ROBUST BALANCE SHEET', 'sustainable profitability targets', 'Liquidity Coverage Ratio', 'strong revenue growth', 'Societe Generale Group', 'business revenues', 'Global Banking', 'underlying data', 'income ratio', 'Net profits', 'French English', 'Income tax', 'Net cost', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES', 'successful execution', 'global leader', 'sustainable mobility', 'value-creating projects', 'CET 1 ratio', 'business model', 'Operating expenses', 'solid momentum', 'robust growth', 'strong growth', 'extraordinary contribution', 'Press release', 'Investor Solutions', 'limited defaults', 'stable stock', 'LIQUIDITY PROFILE', 'regulatory requirement', 'liquidity reserves', 'profitability breakeven', 'six subsidiaries', 'complex economic', 'financial environment', 'loan portfolio', 'important milestones', 'planned closing', 'warmest gratitude', 'tremendous support', 'other assets', 'O.w.', 'non-controlling interests', 'various restatements', 'published data', 'Methodology notes', 'Insurance Contracts', 'Financial lnstruments', 'insurance activities', 'excellent contribution', 'Low cost', 'sound cost', 'SOLID RESULTS', '13 basis points', '30 basis points', 'managerial transition', 'risk management', 'end Q1', 'acquisition agreement', 'LeasePlan acquisition', '31 MARCH', 'Paris', '12 May', 'FUNDAMENTALS', 'Boursorama', 'ALD', 'decrease', 'IFRS', 'provisions', 'loans', 'end-March', 'ROTE', 'approval', 'ECB', 'EUR', 'sharp 17', '0.7% increase', 'deposits', 'quarter', 'CONTINUED', 'Merger', 'France', 'schedule', '14 May', 'client', '22 May', 'Creation', 'Bernstein', 'signature', 'uncertain', 'quality', 'franchises', 'strength', 'aspect', 'capital', 'unprecedented', 'strongly', 'employees', 'company', 'Change', 'losses', 'ROE', 'Board', 'Directors', '11 May', 'chairmanship', 'Section', '1 January', 'effect', 'standards', 'impacts', 'Appendix', 'resilience', 'businesses', 'benefit', '60', '10.']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24806,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-113278538/news/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-N-V-FIRST-TRADING-DAY-EURONEXT-MILAN-16-MAY-2023-43834504/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.: FIRST TRADING DAY EURONEXT MILAN: 16 MAY 2023,(marketscreener.com) Date: 12 May 2023 Release: After close of Euronext Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:  Attachment  FULL PRESS RELEASE   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-11…,(marketscreener.com) Date: 12 May 2023 Release: After close of Euronext Please open the following link to read the full report including annexes:  Attachment  FULL PRESS RELEASE   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-11…,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['EUROCOMMERCIAL PROPERTIES N.V.', 'FIRST TRADING DAY', 'EURONEXT MILAN', '16 MAY', 'FULL PRESS RELEASE', 'full report', 'following link', 'Date', '12 May', 'close', 'Euronext', 'annexes', 'Attachment', 'marketscreener', 'EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24807,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668017/0/en/Worldline-launches-an-employee-shareholding-plan-for-2023.html,Worldline launches an employee shareholding plan for 2023,Worldline launches an employee shareholding plan for 2023  Paris La Défense  May 12  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a leader in the payments...,"English FrenchWorldline launches an employee shareholding plan for 2023Paris La Défense  May 12  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a leader in the payments industry  today announces the implementation of its new employee shareholding plan reserved for members of the Worldline Group Savings plan « Boost 2023 ».This offering of shares is made to all employees of the Group in France  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Czech Republic  Denmark  Estonia  Germany  Greece  Hong Kong  India  Indonesia  Italy  Latvia  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Malta  Netherlands  New Zealand  Norway  Poland  Romania  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  Turkey  the United Kingdom and the United States of America  who will be eligible for the Worldline Group Savings Plan  subject to obtaining the necessary authorizations from the local authorities.The terms and conditions of the transaction are described hereafter.IssuerWorldlinePublic limited company (Société Anonyme)Share capital of EUR 191 604 035 20Registered Office: 1  Place des Degrés – Tour Voltaire – 92800 Puteaux378 901 946 RCS NanterreEuronext Paris (France) – compartment ACommon share ISIN code: FR0011981968Security registered with the Service de Règlement Différé (SRD)Framework of the offering – Purpose for the offeringThe Board of Directors of Worldline  acting pursuant to the 35th resolution of the Combined General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company of June 9  2022 (the ""General Meeting"")  has decided to proceed with a share capital issue reserved for employees who are members of the Worldline Group Savings Plan within the framework of article L.225-138-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and article L.3332-18 et seq. of the French Labor Code (Code du travail).This share capital increase is part of the development of employee shareholding  which is an objective of the Worldline Group  and allow to recognize the contribution of employees to Worldline’s overall performance as well as to strengthen their sense of belonging by offering them the possibility of being associated with the Group’s long-term strategy.Offered securitiesWithin under the framework of the delegation of powers granted by the General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Worldline on December 16  2022 approved the principle of an increase in the Company's share capital  up to a limit of 2.5% of the share capital as of the date of the General Meeting  reserved for employees of Worldline and its affiliates who are members of the Worldline Group Savings Plan (the ""PEG"").The Chief Executive Officer has  on delegation of the Board of Directors  set the subscription price of the shares on May 12  2023 at €31.23. This subscription price is equal to 80% of the reference price (average of the opening market price of the Worldline share on the Euronext Paris during the 20 trading sessions preceding the setting-date of the subscription price  i.e. €39.04)  i.e. the reference price minus of a discount of 20%.The newly issued Worldline shares will carry current dividend rights and will be entitled to any dividends that may be distributed by the Company as from the date of issue of the shares.Conditions of the subscriptionThe beneficiaries of the offer are:Employees and corporate officers of the companies included in the scope of the offer who meet the conditions of Article L.3332-2 of the French Labor Code and who have joined the PEG  and justifying of 3 months seniority at the closing date of the subscription period;Retirees and early retirees in France who joined the PEG before they ceased working retain their status as beneficiaries and may continue to make payments  provided they have retained assets in the PEG.The companies in the scope of the offer are:Worldline  Public limited company with a capital of €191 604 035.20  whose registered office is located at 1  place des Degrés - Tour Voltaire - 92800 Puteaux  andcompanies affiliated with it within the meaning of Article L. 225-180 of the French Commercial Code and Article L. 3344-1 of the French Labor Code  which have joined the PEG and whose registered office is located in the following countries: France  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Czech Republic  Denmark  Estonia  Germany  Greece  Hong Kong  India  Indonesia  Italy  Latvia  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Malta  Netherlands  New Zealand  Norway  Poland  Romania  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  Turkey  the United Kingdom and the United States of America  subject to having received the required local authorizations in some of these countries.Proposed subscription formulaThe beneficiaries will be able to subscribe to a so-called “classic” formula with a 20% discount and a matching contribution within the framework of the Worldline Group Savings Plan  under which subscribers will be fully exposed to fluctuations in the Worldline share price.Other subscription conditionsExistence or not of a preferential subscription right in case of capital increase : this offering does not include a preferential subscription right.: this offering does not include a preferential subscription right. Terms and conditions of the subscription : shares will be subscribed through a FCPE. However  by way of exception  in Denmark  Germany  Greece  Italy  Spain and the United States of America where the shares will be subscribed directly.: shares will be subscribed through a FCPE. However  by way of exception  in Denmark  Germany  Greece  Italy  Spain and the United States of America where the shares will be subscribed directly. Matching contribution : the subscriptions will be matched on the basis of one share offered for one share subscribed  up to a maximum of fifteen Worldline shares.: the subscriptions will be matched on the basis of one share offered for one share subscribed  up to a maximum of fifteen Worldline shares. Voting rights : voting rights of the holders of the FCPE units shall be exercised during the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Worldline by the FCPE Supervisory Board or directly by the subscribing employees in the countries where the shares are subscribed directly.: voting rights of the holders of the FCPE units shall be exercised during the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Worldline by the FCPE Supervisory Board or directly by the subscribing employees in the countries where the shares are subscribed directly. Subscription cap : the beneficiaries payments shall not exceed  in accordance with article L. 3332-10 of the French Labor Code (Code du travail)  one-fourth of their gross annual remuneration.: the beneficiaries payments shall not exceed  in accordance with article L. 3332-10 of the French Labor Code (Code du travail)  one-fourth of their gross annual remuneration. Lock-up period applicable to mutual fund shares or Worldline shares : the subscribers to the offer will have to keep the units of the company mutual fund or the shares subscribed directly for a period of five years (until July 19  2028 inclusive)  except in the occurrence of an early release event.Indicative timeline of the offeringSubscription period: between May 15  2023 and June 2  2023 (inclusive)Indicative settlement date: July 19  2023These dates are provided for information only and are subject to change.ListingThe admission of the newly issued Worldline shares to trading on Euronext Paris (ISIN Code: FR0011981968) is scheduled to occur as of July 19  2023  on the same listing line of the existing shares.Special note regarding the international offeringThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation for the purchase of Worldline shares.The offering of Worldline shares reserved to employees will be conducted only in countries where such an offer has been registered with the competent local authorities and/or following the approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in the context of an exemption from the obligation to prepare a prospectus or register the offer. More generally  the offer will only be made in countries where all required registrations and/or notifications have been made and approvals obtained.This press release and its copies are not aimed for  and therefore should not be sent to  countries in which such prospectus would not have been approved or where such an exemption is not available or in which any required filing procedures and/or notifications would not have yet been made  or in which the required authorizations would not have been obtained.ContactsEmployeeThe beneficiaries may address all questions regarding this offering to the contact person specified in the documentation related to the subscription made available to employees.INVESTOR RELATIONSLaurent MarieT +33 7 84 50 18 90E laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’AmécourtT +33 6 75 51 41 47E benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCOMMUNICATIONSandrine van der GhinstT +32 499 585 380E sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène CarlanderT +33 7 72 25 96 04E helene.carlander@worldline.comFOLLOW USDISCLAIMERThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 28  2023 under the filling number: D.23-0371.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2022 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['employee shareholding plan', 'Worldline', '2023', 'Service de Règlement Différé', '1, Place des Degrés', 'Paris La Défense', 'Common share ISIN code', 'Worldline Group Savings plan', 'new employee shareholding plan', 'Worldline Public limited company', 'Code de commerce', 'Code du travail', 'Société Anonyme', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'current dividend rights', 'French Commercial Code', 'French Labor Code', 'opening market price', 'preferential subscription right', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Worldline share price', 'share capital issue', 'share capital increase', 'Other subscription conditions', 'English French', 'New Zealand', 'subscription price', 'Euronext Paris', 'reference price', 'subscription period', 'subscription formula', 'Czech Republic', 'Hong Kong', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'necessary authorizations', 'local authorities', 'Registered Office', 'Tour Voltaire', 'RCS Nanterre', '35th resolution', 'overall performance', 'long-term strategy', '20 trading sessions', 'corporate officers', '3 months seniority', 'local authorizations', 'classic” formula', 'Worldline shares', 'Article L.', 'payments industry', 'early retirees', 'following countries', 'matching contribution', 'closing date', 'WLN', 'leader', 'implementation', 'members', 'offering', 'employees', 'France', 'Australia', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'China', 'Denmark', 'Estonia', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'India', 'Indonesia', 'Italy', 'Latvia', 'Lithuania', 'Luxembourg', 'Malaysia', 'Malta', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Romania', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Taiwan', 'Turkey', 'America', 'terms', 'transaction', 'Issuer', '92800 Puteaux', 'compartment', 'Security', 'SRD', 'Framework', 'Purpose', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'June', 'development', 'objective', 'sense', 'belonging', 'possibility', 'securities', 'delegation', 'powers', 'December', 'principle', 'affiliates', 'PEG', 'May', 'average', 'preceding', 'setting-date', 'discount', 'dividends', 'beneficiaries', 'companies', 'scope', 'status', 'assets', 'meaning', 'subscribers', 'fluctuations', 'Existence', 'case', '2023']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24808,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-launches-an-employee-shareholding-plan-for-2023-43834579/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Worldline launches an employee shareholding plan for 2023,(marketscreener.com) Worldline launches an employee shareholding plan for 2023 Paris La Défense  May 12  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a leader in the payments industry  today announces the implementation of its new employee shareholding plan reserved for…,"Worldline launches an employee shareholding plan for 2023Paris La Défense  May 12  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a leader in the payments industry  today announces the implementation of its new employee shareholding plan reserved for members of the Worldline Group Savings plan « Boost 2023 ».This offering of shares is made to all employees of the Group in France  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Czech Republic  Denmark  Estonia  Germany  Greece  Hong Kong  India  Indonesia  Italy  Latvia  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Malta  Netherlands  New Zealand  Norway  Poland  Romania  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  Turkey  the United Kingdom and the United States of America  who will be eligible for the Worldline Group Savings Plan  subject to obtaining the necessary authorizations from the local authorities.The terms and conditions of the transaction are described hereafter.IssuerWorldlinePublic limited company (Société Anonyme)Share capital of EUR 191 604 035 20Registered Office: 1  Place des Degrés – Tour Voltaire – 92800 Puteaux378 901 946 RCS NanterreEuronext Paris (France) – compartment ACommon share ISIN code: FR0011981968Security registered with the Service de Règlement Différé (SRD)Framework of the offering – Purpose for the offeringThe Board of Directors of Worldline  acting pursuant to the 35th resolution of the Combined General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company of June 9  2022 (the ""General Meeting"")  has decided to proceed with a share capital issue reserved for employees who are members of the Worldline Group Savings Plan within the framework of article L.225-138-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and article L.3332-18 et seq. of the French Labor Code (Code du travail).This share capital increase is part of the development of employee shareholding  which is an objective of the Worldline Group  and allow to recognize the contribution of employees to Worldline’s overall performance as well as to strengthen their sense of belonging by offering them the possibility of being associated with the Group’s long-term strategy.Offered securitiesWithin under the framework of the delegation of powers granted by the General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Worldline on December 16  2022 approved the principle of an increase in the Company's share capital  up to a limit of 2.5% of the share capital as of the date of the General Meeting  reserved for employees of Worldline and its affiliates who are members of the Worldline Group Savings Plan (the ""PEG"").The Chief Executive Officer has  on delegation of the Board of Directors  set the subscription price of the shares on May 12  2023 at €31.23. This subscription price is equal to 80% of the reference price (average of the opening market price of the Worldline share on the Euronext Paris during the 20 trading sessions preceding the setting-date of the subscription price  i.e. €39.04)  i.e. the reference price minus of a discount of 20%.The newly issued Worldline shares will carry current dividend rights and will be entitled to any dividends that may be distributed by the Company as from the date of issue of the shares.Conditions of the subscriptionThe beneficiaries of the offer are:Employees and corporate officers of the companies included in the scope of the offer who meet the conditions of Article L.3332-2 of the French Labor Code and who have joined the PEG  and justifying of 3 months seniority at the closing date of the subscription period;Retirees and early retirees in France who joined the PEG before they ceased working retain their status as beneficiaries and may continue to make payments  provided they have retained assets in the PEG.The companies in the scope of the offer are:Worldline  Public limited company with a capital of €191 604 035.20  whose registered office is located at 1  place des Degrés - Tour Voltaire - 92800 Puteaux  andcompanies affiliated with it within the meaning of Article L. 225-180 of the French Commercial Code and Article L. 3344-1 of the French Labor Code  which have joined the PEG and whose registered office is located in the following countries: France  Australia  Austria  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  Czech Republic  Denmark  Estonia  Germany  Greece  Hong Kong  India  Indonesia  Italy  Latvia  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Malta  Netherlands  New Zealand  Norway  Poland  Romania  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  Turkey  the United Kingdom and the United States of America  subject to having received the required local authorizations in some of these countries.Proposed subscription formulaThe beneficiaries will be able to subscribe to a so-called “classic” formula with a 20% discount and a matching contribution within the framework of the Worldline Group Savings Plan  under which subscribers will be fully exposed to fluctuations in the Worldline share price.Other subscription conditionsExistence or not of a preferential subscription right in case of capital increase : this offering does not include a preferential subscription right.: this offering does not include a preferential subscription right. Terms and conditions of the subscription : shares will be subscribed through a FCPE. However  by way of exception  in Denmark  Germany  Greece  Italy  Spain and the United States of America where the shares will be subscribed directly.: shares will be subscribed through a FCPE. However  by way of exception  in Denmark  Germany  Greece  Italy  Spain and the United States of America where the shares will be subscribed directly. Matching contribution : the subscriptions will be matched on the basis of one share offered for one share subscribed  up to a maximum of fifteen Worldline shares.: the subscriptions will be matched on the basis of one share offered for one share subscribed  up to a maximum of fifteen Worldline shares. Voting rights : voting rights of the holders of the FCPE units shall be exercised during the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Worldline by the FCPE Supervisory Board or directly by the subscribing employees in the countries where the shares are subscribed directly.: voting rights of the holders of the FCPE units shall be exercised during the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Worldline by the FCPE Supervisory Board or directly by the subscribing employees in the countries where the shares are subscribed directly. Subscription cap : the beneficiaries payments shall not exceed  in accordance with article L. 3332-10 of the French Labor Code (Code du travail)  one-fourth of their gross annual remuneration.: the beneficiaries payments shall not exceed  in accordance with article L. 3332-10 of the French Labor Code (Code du travail)  one-fourth of their gross annual remuneration. Lock-up period applicable to mutual fund shares or Worldline shares : the subscribers to the offer will have to keep the units of the company mutual fund or the shares subscribed directly for a period of five years (until July 19  2028 inclusive)  except in the occurrence of an early release event.Indicative timeline of the offeringSubscription period: between May 15  2023 and June 2  2023 (inclusive)Indicative settlement date: July 19  2023These dates are provided for information only and are subject to change.ListingThe admission of the newly issued Worldline shares to trading on Euronext Paris (ISIN Code: FR0011981968) is scheduled to occur as of July 19  2023  on the same listing line of the existing shares.Special note regarding the international offeringThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation for the purchase of Worldline shares.The offering of Worldline shares reserved to employees will be conducted only in countries where such an offer has been registered with the competent local authorities and/or following the approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in the context of an exemption from the obligation to prepare a prospectus or register the offer. More generally  the offer will only be made in countries where all required registrations and/or notifications have been made and approvals obtained.This press release and its copies are not aimed for  and therefore should not be sent to  countries in which such prospectus would not have been approved or where such an exemption is not available or in which any required filing procedures and/or notifications would not have yet been made  or in which the required authorizations would not have been obtained.ContactsEmployeeThe beneficiaries may address all questions regarding this offering to the contact person specified in the documentation related to the subscription made available to employees.INVESTOR RELATIONSLaurent MarieT +33 7 84 50 18 90E laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’AmécourtT +33 6 75 51 41 47E benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCOMMUNICATIONSandrine van der GhinstT +32 499 585 380E sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène CarlanderT +33 7 72 25 96 04E helene.carlander@worldline.comFOLLOW USDISCLAIMERThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 28  2023 under the filling number: D.23-0371.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2022 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.56,0.43,0.0,True,English,"['employee shareholding plan', 'Worldline', '2023', 'Service de Règlement Différé', '1, Place des Degrés', 'Paris La Défense', 'Common share ISIN code', 'Worldline Group Savings plan', 'new employee shareholding plan', 'Worldline Public limited company', 'Code de commerce', 'French Commercial Code', 'French Labor Code', 'Code du travail', 'Société Anonyme', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'current dividend rights', 'opening market price', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Worldline share price', 'share capital issue', 'share capital increase', 'Other subscription conditions', 'New Zealand', 'Euronext Paris', 'subscription price', 'reference price', 'Czech Republic', 'Hong Kong', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'necessary authorizations', 'local authorities', 'Registered Office', 'Tour Voltaire', 'RCS Nanterre', '35th resolution', 'overall performance', 'long-term strategy', '20 trading sessions', 'corporate officers', '3 months seniority', 'subscription period', 'local authorizations', 'subscription formula', 'classic” formula', 'preferential subscription', 'Worldline shares', 'Article L.', 'payments industry', 'early retirees', 'following countries', 'matching contribution', 'closing date', 'WLN', 'leader', 'implementation', 'members', 'offering', 'employees', 'France', 'Australia', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'China', 'Denmark', 'Estonia', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'India', 'Indonesia', 'Italy', 'Latvia', 'Lithuania', 'Luxembourg', 'Malaysia', 'Malta', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Romania', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Taiwan', 'Turkey', 'America', 'terms', 'transaction', 'Issuer', '92800 Puteaux', 'compartment', 'Security', 'SRD', 'Framework', 'Purpose', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'June', 'development', 'objective', 'sense', 'belonging', 'possibility', 'securities', 'delegation', 'powers', 'December', 'principle', 'affiliates', 'PEG', 'May', 'average', 'setting-date', 'discount', 'dividends', 'beneficiaries', 'companies', 'scope', 'status', 'assets', 'meaning', 'subscribers', 'fluctuations', 'Existence', 'case', '2023']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24809,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668020/0/en/Monthly-information-related-to-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital-_April-30-2023.html,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _April 30  2023,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _April 30  2023.  Article 223-16 of......,English FrenchMonthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _April 30  2023.Article 223-16 of general regulation of French Autorité des Marchés FinanciersLyon – FranceListing markets:Euronext Paris from Euronext (Market segment C - ISIN Code: FR0011471135- Symbol: ERYP) &Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United-States (Symbol : ERYP)Website : www.erytech.comDate Total of shares composing the share capital Total of brut (1) voting rightsTotal of net (2) voting rightsNovember 30  2022 31 018 553 32 514 528 32 512 028 December 31  2022 31 018 553 32 514 825 32 512 325 January 31  2023 31 018 553 32 514 77132 512 271February 28  2023 31 018 553 32 516 875 32 514 375 March 31  2023 31 018 553 32 521 652 32 519 152 April 30  2023 31 018 553 32 521 642 32 519 142(1) Gross voting rights number (or « theoretical » voting rights) is used as a basis for calculating the crossing of the threshold. In accordance with article 223-11 of general regulation of Autorité des Marchés Financiers  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares carrying the single and double voting rights  including shares without voting rights.(2) Without treasury shares.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'shares', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Gross voting rights number', 'Market segment C', 'theoretical » voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'share capital Total', 'English French', 'total number', 'general regulation', 'Listing markets', 'ISIN Code', 'Date Total', 'Euronext Paris', 'treasury shares', 'information', 'Article', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Symbol', 'ERYP', 'United-States', 'Website', 'brut', 'net', 'November', 'December', 'February', 'April', 'basis', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'accordance', 'single', 'Attachment']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24810,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fool.com/retirement/2023/05/12/2-high-growth-companies-to-watch/,2 High-Growth Companies to Watch,Just because a stock is down 50% doesn't mean that the business is broken. (Or does it?),"In this podcast  Motley Fool producer Ricky Mulvey caught up with Motley Fool senior analyst Yasser El-Shimy to talk about some higher-growth companies whose stocks have taken a hit.They discuss:How investors can approach growth stocks with a venture capital lens.Profitability questions for a streaming data company.A second look at a space company that went public via SPAC.To catch full episodes of all The Motley Fool's free podcasts  check out our podcast center. To get started investing  check out our quick-start guide to investing in stocks. A full transcript follows the video.10 stocks we like better than ConfluentWhen our analyst team has a stock tip  it can pay to listen. After all  the newsletter they have run for over a decade  Motley Fool Stock Advisor  has tripled the market.* They just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Confluent wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. See the 10 stocks *Stock Advisor returns as of May 8  2023This video was recorded on May 06  2023.Yasser El-Shimy: You're going to have your ups and downs in the short and medium terms  thanks to interest rates  thanks to fiscal policies  thanks to a lot of different factors  macroeconomic factors  recessions and so on. But guess what? As Peter Lynch once said  we have had historically 13 recessions and we've had 13 recoveries out of those recessions.Mary Long: I'm Mary Long and that's Motley Fool Senior Analyst  Yasser El-Shimy. If a growth stock gets cut in a half  is it on sale or just less expensive? Ricky Mulvey caught up with Yasser to discuss the macro landscape for high-growth companies  a mission-critical software company now trading at half its IPO price and a rocket maker with galactic ambitions.Ricky Mulvey: When others get fearful  it's time to do something. I forget the rest of the quote anyway  joining us now to talk about some strong growthy companies in a downcycle is Motley Fool Senior Analyst  Yasser El-Shimy. Thanks for joining us on this journey.Yasser El-Shimy: Hi Ricky  good to be here.Ricky Mulvey: When I think about investing in super growthy companies  I almost think of it as a venture capital approach. Would you agree with that?Yasser El-Shimy: Yes. Our Motley Fool co-founder and Chief Rule Breaker David Gardner has in fact almost coined the term of a VC approach toward public investing. In that approach  you look for young  innovative  relatively small companies with massive runways for future growth  great products invested leadership and ideally a purposeful mission. Ideally  also you want to have your portfolio reflect your best vision for the future. That's even when you see in the VC world where a lot of investors tend to back companies that they feel strongly about. You may want to also do that with your own personal investment portfolio. One thing we have to keep in mind also the VC style of investing is that  VC investors tend to hold their investments over a very long period of time and even tend to upsize their stakes in those companies that show themselves to be resilient and successful. As David Gardner would say  you should add to your winners  water your flowers and trim your weeds.Ricky Mulvey: I'd also say that the VCs tend to have a couple of big winners that make up for in a lot of cases  a majority of losses. When it comes to my style of investing  I like to have a mix of things. Do you go for this high-growth approach for all of your stocks?Yasser El-Shimy: No  I don't. You're absolutely  but right by the way  that only a few of the companies that you'd invest in using that VC approach would work out. Most of the companies that you'd invest in may not generate the kind of returns you are hoping for. However  over a very long period of time  those companies  those investments that do workout and those companies that do perform are going to generate hopefully the kind of returns that should more than make up for any losses you have incurred holding those  let's call them weeds for now. But back to your bigger question  which is investing strategy here  I would say that the Rule Breakers style of investing or the high growth style of investing that I follow  does not represent the entirety of my portfolio. I tend to try and invest across many different strategies. As someone who's thinks of investing in terms of decades as opposed to years  I do lean more toward a Rule Breaker self-investing because I know that I have the stomach to hold those companies over very long periods of time and stomach the volatility  but not everybody can do that obviously. It's a really hard thing to do. But even so  even if I can stomach those kinds of churns  those kinds of gyrations and those stocks. I still like to hold the companies that are more stable or established. They own my fair share of what I consider to be balanced growth companies  small  mid-cap  profitable growth  even value sometimes. I don't say that I'm an ideologue when it comes to investing philosophy.Ricky Mulvey: Being an ideologue and an investor seems to not work out for many of them. Being a growth investor was much easier a couple of years ago. The aphorism don't fight the Fed is carrying out right now as earlier this week  while the Fed signaled that it's going to pause its interest rate hikes. The risk-free rate of return right now is above five percent. Feel free to disagree. But I think this matters for growth investors because not carrying about Fed actions was a lot easier a few years ago. Now  it would seem that growth investors have to pay a lot more attention to it.Yasser El-Shimy: Yeah. You're definitely right. If you just take a look at Twitter and in bull markets  everybody is a growth investor. In bear markets  everybody wants to park their cash in the bank  just get that interest or even go after dividend-paying stocks. But here are the full  we are fundamental bottoms-up investors will love to look at companies. We think that fundamental company performance is the main determinant of returns over time. You're going to have your ups and downs in the short and medium term  thanks to interest rates  thanks to fiscal policies  thanks to a lot of different factors  macroeconomic factors  recessions and so on. But guess what? As Peter Lynch once said  we've had historically 13 recessions and we've had 13 recoveries out of those recession. If you zoom out and do not get consumed by the headlines of the day  you're likely to do well over time as long as of course  you put all of your energy and focus into selecting companies that you fundamentally believe in that you think can outperform the market and make money over time.Ricky Mulvey: Let's dive into some of those growthy companies that have been hit  not just Carvana  one of them that you brought to the table is Confluent ticker CFLT. This is one that has been cut in half since its IPO despite a bump on surprising earnings. This is a tricky company to describe  even from watching YouTube videos and tutorials about it. To set the table  what does this company do?Yasser El-Shimy: You wouldn't be the only one to have difficulty to fully understand what they do. Think of the movie  everything  everywhere  all at once. Before Confluent  companies used to collect data  store it either in data center or on premise or in the cloud  and then analyze it and act on it. Confluent founders. They found that system was inefficient  slow and full of blind spots. They invented Apache Kafka  which is an open-source data streaming platform that lets you move and process data in real time. Now as soon as data is received from the source  it is immediately transmitted across the entire tech stack of the business. Analyzed by all applications and software programs and acted upon again in real time. Now  Confluent as a company  was built to fully maintain  manage  and improve on Apache with what they called Confluent Kafka. Let me give this analogy and maybe this is one that only trained enthusiasts can fully appreciate  but I'll make it anyway. If Apache was a train cart that moved products from point A to point B  Confluent is the whole rail network with autonomously driven trains that takes stuff everywhere all the time. Now  companies  of course  have the option to use the open source Apache Kafka version. But they will  unfortunately  need to maintain or dedicate many members of their IT team to operate and sustain that program. That takes them away from doing the work that they can actually be valuable to the company's core product or value added. The ROI for many companies using Confluent Kafka is significant as it cuts down on these operating expenses by a large margin.Ricky Mulvey: I know the train analogy  the train network to train cars  data in motion  all pretend that I got it. But what's a real-life example where one might see Confluence technology at our action?Yasser El-Shimy: Actually  chances are you have used the technology even though you may not have actually realized you are using the Kafka technology. But one good example of that is Instacart  the service like Instacart needs to have real-time visibility and instantaneous analysis of everything that's happening all the time  where the shoppers are at all times  what products are they collecting. What products are missing  and therefore  they need to suggest replacements for and give customers a time estimate for order arrival and so on. That's just one example. Another example is if someone uses your debit card and an unusual location for an unusual purchase or withdrawal  that transaction can immediately be flagged as fraudulent. The bank puts a hold on the card. It notifies you all of this happening instantaneously and across the board. Another example could be a stock exchange where millions of buying-sell orders are constantly flowing through and you need to execute on those in the most efficient and transparent manner possible  and so we will find stock exchange  like Euronext. For example in Europe  deploys the Confluent Kafka technology. I could go on  but Kafka is essentially what enables a lot of this real-time action  and it quickly becomes mission-critical  not just a nice-to-have software.Ricky Mulvey: When you don't have time to go back and forth from database to action with whatever that action might be in a stock exchange  inventory at a grocery store for Instacart or debit cards when  when someone's using it in an unfamiliar place. I want to talk about the financials a little bit with Confluent because it has high inside ownership  that's good. It's a sticky product that's mission-critical  that's good  but it also loses gobs and gobs of cash. In its latest quarter  it's operating loss of about equal  it's total revenue  and this seems to be a habit of having a massive operating loss. Maybe it's because Confluent gives out a lot of free software. What's it needed to do to be profitable?Yasser El-Shimy: While you're absolutely right  they have been burning through a lot of cash  but it's important to put things in context. First  I would say that Confluent is still a relatively young company  less than 10 years old. Even within those nine years of existence of they've been not even not fully nine  yep. But even during those years  they've started for the conference program  which is an on-premise offering. They've moved from that to confront Cloud  which is a hybrid or cloud-first offerings that any company can use  and so they're still on the part of introducing the market to what this product is and the full capability of how this product can be used to transform the business and give good returns on investments. Understandably they have prioritized growth over profitability in this young age. Now secondly  the company has shown it to understand that the 0% interest rates are not coming back anytime soon  and the time has come to prioritize self-funding  and so they've guided toward reaching adjusted EBITDA profitability this year and positive free cash-flow next year. All while growing sales by nearly 30% year over year. They've been also rationalizing their workforce  optimizing their sales  focusing on high-return projects. Some other expenses have been going toward going to prospective clients  demonstrating what conflict can do for their business and signing them up. That is still important  but not maybe top of the list anymore  and maybe some of the existing big clients can provide higher profitability for comfort and that's what they're going to prioritize.Ricky Mulvey: I got to pushbacks for you from the latest call CEO Jay Kreps said  ""The Confluent has less than five Kafka engineers on call for tens of thousands of production in Kafka clusters. That gives us a cost structure for operation that we believe is a hunt as 1 000 times better than our customers  end quote. It seems like they're being efficient on labor costs from the call  but I haven't seen that reflected in the company's operating margins. Also  while the company is young  it's already had a huge adoption cycle. More than half of Fortune 500 companies use Confluent software as of 2021  so that's two reasons I should say I remain a little skeptical and hesitant.Yasser El-Shimy: Let me start with the last part of your question first about the wide adoption of Kafka. Now  it's important to actually make clear that when we say that 75% of Fortune 500 companies use Kafka there  in fact  using Apache Kafka  which is the free version  the free open source version of the software. This in fact gives Confluent an opportunity to sell them on its flagship product and move them into that self-managed or fully automated  I would say  data streaming platform that Confluent offers. They actually estimate their total addressable market at $60 billion. Whereas in fact  their trailing 12-month sales came up just over $600 million  so  a lot of green grass left. Now  going to your first question about their operating expenses  I would say that that's not managing the data streaming platform has not been where Confluence expenses have gone. They've gotten mostly toward building servers  for example  which is part of the value proposition that they are offering to their prospective customers. When you go to a modern enterprise that has potentially hundreds of different servers with dozens of tech staff  IT staff who's literally manning the data streaming platform  the Apache Kafka  the open source version. You're telling them  you don't need to worry about any of this. You don't need the servers  you don't need most of the IT people to dedicate all of their time and energy toward managing this platform. We will do all of this for you from the back end. The value proposition here is very clear to prospective customers that the total cost of ownership here  the return on investment from migrating toward the Confluence product  the fully automated managed product  is going to actually save them a lot of time and a lot of money. That to me is definitely one of the strong points that Confluent has.Ricky Mulvey: Let's move to a bleeding-edge tech company or more bleeding-edge  which is Rocket Lab USA. This launches satellites and is working on a Neutron rocket. It is a space start-up that went public via SPAC. Unfortunately  that gives me vibes and memories of Virgin Galactic. What does this company do? What's the case for Rocket Lab?Yasser El-Shimy: Boy  you don't want to be in the same sentence as Virgin Galactic  if you're an aerospace company. I personally  I've never understood the case for space tourism. Who would spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to fly just to the edge of the earth and come back down in a few minutes. But I'm probably not the targeted audience here. Rocket lab is not one of those companies. Yes  it came public via SPAC and that will forever tarnish any company that ever did so after the painful experience of 2021  2022. But I think there is something here. This is a company that is focused squarely in the commercial government and research space use cases. It has a long and flawless record of successful rocket launches. Has plenty of serious customers including NASA  the US Space Force and many universities and communication companies across the world. Why do I think it's a good investment? Well  the company is fast becoming another top dog with SpaceX in the commercial space industry. Launching rockets  carrying satellites  and returning them successfully is not easy as it sounds. It is literally rocket science. We have had and we have seen so many field launches by so many new entrants and new comers into this space  including the likes of Relativity Space  Firefly  Astro Space  and I could go on even SpaceX. They just had a field launch with their starship couple of weeks ago. Rocket Lab can in fact be proud of its pristine launch record here. Second  I would say that we actually have anticipated global shortage of launch capacity in the coming years.We may currently have over 100 000 licenses obtained to launch satellites into space  but nowhere near enough capacity to get them there. That is  even if we assume the likes of Blue Origin and United Launch Alliance  will be successful to give their rockets off the ground and back safely. Finally  just looking even at the numbers  I could tell you that the consensus analyst estimates on S&P Cap IQ for sales to quadruple over the next five years and for Rocket Lab to become profitable in two years. I can also tell you that when I build my model  low assumptions in those the analysts have  I find the shares to offer plenty of upside opportunity  and just one thing I keenly look for in rule-breaker type high-growth investments is that I want to find them at a valuation that is reasonable against expected future earnings and less than 10 times 2026 EV EBITDA multiples for such a high-growth and young company  with clear competitive advantages. Sounds good to me as a patient long-term investor. So much has to go right  of course  for these earnings to flow through and for this investment to be successful  and that's why trusting management  product  and business strategy becomes key  but of course  things could go wrong like with many of these companies.Ricky Mulvey: I'm really knocking on wood after you said flawless launch record. To clear something up EV to EBITDA basically means the enterprise value of the company  how much it's worth compared to the company's earnings before interest and taxes. Startups are great but it seems like size matters in this case. Can Rocket Lab reasonably compete against the aforementioned SpaceX against Boeing  which builds jet engines as well?Yasser El-Shimy: Well  size does matter but not in the way you think. This field has been dominated by very large rockets carrying very large payloads. SpaceX is a top dog here  no question about it. Rocket Lab  however  has carved a niche of launching reusable small rockets because they cost less to launch and are faster to schedule for take-off. The Elektron  which is made by Rocket Lab  has a sticker price of $7.5 million compared to SpaceX's Falcon 9  which will cost you $60 million. That's a big difference. Also  Rocket Lab unlike SpaceX  is a one-stop-shop for most space needs  including satellite building  components  software  operations command center  radios  and solar panels systems  etc. This is why we have seen defense companies like Lockheed Martin placing orders with Rocket Lab for these systems. In defense  the ability to launch quickly is critical  and Rocket Lab can offer that thanks to its three launch paths  including in New Zealand where there are fewer airspace restrictions on launches than here in the US  and because they are working toward refurbishing the rockets and launching them pretty quickly soon after. Finally  Rocket Lab is working on Neutron  which has a larger rocket capable of carrying up to 13 000-kilogram payload into the lower earth orbit  2 000 kilograms to the moon or 1 500 kilograms to Mars and Venus. It should also be capable of human space flight. But the primary goal of this one is to compete with SpaceX on launching very heavy satellites and mega-constellations of satellites.Ricky Mulvey: One potential yellow flag about Rocket Lab that our colleague Alex Friedman brought up is that it has some pretty poor reviews on Glassdoor. I think just 50% of the employee base would recommend working there to a friend. Is that a yellow flag for you?Yasser El-Shimy: Yes and no. It definitely gives me pause. When I look at Glassdoor for ratings  I do obviously want to see higher ratings or more positive ratings for the CEO  for the company culture and so on but it's not the complete picture. Again  if we take a step back  here we have a management team that hails from a fairly impressive group of companies and organizations including General Dynamics  NASA  SpaceX  Broadcom  Aerojet Rocketdyne  among others. We also have very strong ownership by CEO and founder Peter Beck owns around 11.5% of the company. Even more confusingly  when you look at other company review websites  in this case comparably  for example  they have much higher scores. They give a CEO rating of 90 out of 100 and executive ratings 75 out of 100. It's a mixed picture  I would say  when it comes to these websites. You can never really tell how accurate they are  what methodology they are using  and therefore  I just want to follow closely and see what's going on there and if there's anything to that. But ultimately  if you are working in the space industry  if you're in the business of making rockets  you're probably overworked  you're probably working long hours  very high chances of failure  very cutting-edge research projects you're working on. I can imagine the stressful environment.Ricky Mulvey: A lot of the complaints are about overwork  work-life balance  that kind of thing. I'm not trying to sound cold or dismissive but I don't see how a space company is run without just an absolute maniac in charge. I'm not accusing Peter Beck of being a maniac.Yasser El-Shimy: I think you're all aware of that badge with honour.Ricky Mulvey: Fair enough. Let's do a quick check on the numbers before we wrap up. Rocket Lab is unprofitable on an operating business and launching rockets sure sounds expensive. You mentioned that they can reuse some engines  but is that enough of a story for this company to scale into profitability?Yasser El-Shimy: Just to be clear  they have not started reusing their engines  just yet. They have run test to check whether they can. So far they report that they have been able to get their engines to work after they have landed back on earth. But yes  I think you raise a very important point here which is the profitability or lack there off for this business on an operating basis. Again  like I was saying with Confined earlier  this is a relatively young company  still long path of growth ahead. For this business to generate a lot of operating profits  it's going to have to first launch rockets more frequently  reuse the missiles  including the engines  become a vendor of choice for most space needs  and more importantly  it's going to need for the Neutron rocket to actually work. One of the worst things that could possibly happen for this company and for this as an investment idea is for the Neutron to fail. If that was to happen  that's going to be a serious blow to this company's balance sheet and future prospects. Now  zooming out beyond the operating expenses  we should see CapEx peaking this year as a lot of the spending on new manufacturing facilities  new launch paths  and the Neutron program is undertaken and we get toward the end of that.Ricky Mulvey: Final question  Yasser  what's it going to take to convince you to ride on a Neutron rocket?Yasser El-Shimy: I don't think you can pay me enough.Ricky Mulvey: Yasser El-Shimy  appreciate your insight and for telling us about these companies.Yasser El-Shimy: Thank you.Mary Long: As always  people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about  and the Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against  so don't buy stocks based solely on what you hear. I'm Mary Long. Thanks for listening  and we'll see you tomorrow.",neutral,0.3,0.69,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.11,0.35,True,English,"['2 High-Growth Companies', 'Motley Fool senior analyst Yasser El-Shimy', 'young, innovative, relatively small companies', 'Motley Fool producer Ricky Mulvey', 'small, mid-cap, profitable growth', 'Motley Fool Stock Advisor', 'The Motley Fool', 'venture capital lens', 'streaming data company', 'mission-critical software company', 'many different strategies', 'Chief Rule Breaker', 'venture capital approach', 'Stock Advisor returns', 'Rule Breakers style', 'high growth style', 'strong growthy companies', 'super growthy companies', 'personal investment portfolio', 'balanced growth companies', 'ten best stocks', 'analyst team', 'growth stock', 'stock tip', 'space company', 'different factors', 'best vision', 'VC style', 'future growth', 'Profitability questions', 'second look', 'full episodes', 'free podcasts', 'quick-start guide', 'full transcript', 'a decade', 'interest rates', 'fiscal policies', 'macroeconomic factors', 'Peter Lynch', 'Mary Long', 'macro landscape', 'IPO price', 'rocket maker', 'galactic ambitions', 'David Gardner', 'VC approach', 'massive runways', 'great products', 'purposeful mission', 'VC world', 'One thing', 'long period', 'high-growth approach', 'bigger question', 'hard thing', 'fair share', 'higher-growth companies', 'high-growth companies', 'podcast center', 'medium terms', 'big winners', 'public investing', 'VC investors', '10 stocks', 'hit', 'video', 'Confluent', 'newsletter', 'market', 'buys', 'May', 'ups', 'downs', 'short', 'lot', 'recessions', '13 recoveries', 'half', 'sale', 'others', 'time', 'something', 'quote', 'downcycle', 'journey', 'founder', 'leadership', 'mind', 'investments', 'stakes', 'flowers', 'weeds', 'VCs', 'couple', 'cases', 'majority', 'losses', 'mix', 'things', 'kind', 'workout', 'strategy', 'entirety', 'someone', 'decades', 'years', 'stomach', 'volatility', 'everybody', 'churns', 'ideologue', 'philosophy']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,fool.com
24811,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SES-IMAGOTAG-5151/news/Ses-imagotag-SES-imagotag-announces-the-availability-of-documents-for-its-Extraordinary-Genera-43834557/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Ses-imagotag :  SES-imagotag announces the availability of documents for its Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on June 2  2023,(marketscreener.com)  SES-imagotag   the global leader in digital solutions for physical commerce  today announced that it has made available the necessary documentation for its Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders  scheduled for June 2  2023  at 1…,"SES-imagotag (Euronext: SESL  FR0010282822)  the global leader in digital solutions for physical commerce  today announced that it has made available the necessary documentation for its Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders  scheduled for June 2  2023  at 10:00 AM at the company's headquarters  55 place Nelson Mandela  Nanterre (92000).The documents made available are the following:Convening notice (in English and French)Meeting notice (April 28  2023  in French)Meeting notice (May 15  2023  in French)Voting ballotBoard of Directors' Report to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of June 2  2023 (in French)Auditors' Report on the capital increase reserved for members of a company savings plan (in French)Auditors' Report on the issue of warrants (« BSA ») with cancellation of preferential subscription rights (in French)The documents are availabe on the company's website www.ses-imagotag.com  under Investors.About SES-imagotag and the VUSION Retail IoT platformSES-imagotag is a world leader in smart digital labels and IoT solutions for physical retail  serving over 350 large retailer groups around the world in Europe  Asia and North America.SES-imagotag has developed the VUSION Retail IOT technology platform to help retailers transform their physical stores into high value digital assets  more automated  data-driven  and connected in real-time to suppliers and consumers. VUSIONimproves the agility  precision and accuracy of prices  whilst ensuring the omnichannel synchronization of prices  product information and marketing campaigns. The platform developed by SES-imagotag also optimizes in-store order preparation and restocking.VUSION improves employee satisfaction by freeing up time from cumbersome low value-added tasks and allowing them to focus on customer service and merchandizing tasks. VUSION connects shelves to the Cloud  providing real-time accurate information on product availability and location  allowing for reduced inventory  out-of-stock  and waste  as well as improved on-shelf availability and merchandizing compliance. VUSION empowers consumers with better product  nutritional and traceability information at the shelf and enables a frictionless in-store shopping experience with features such as product search  pathfinding and cashier-less scan & pay features.SES-imagotag supports the United Nations' Global Compact initiative and has received in 2022 the Platinum Sustainability Rating from EcoVadis  the world's reference of business sustainability ratings.SES-imagotag is listed in compartment A of the Euronext™ Paris exchange and is included in the SBF 120 index.Ticker symbol: SESL – ISIN code: FR0010282822 – Reuters: SESL.PA – Bloomberg: SESwww.ses-imagotag.comInvestor Relations contact:Labrador - Raquel Lizarraga / +33 (0)6 46 71 55 20 / raquel.lizarraga.ext@ses-imagotag.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lWdvaJabaG+WnG1ulJhsaZJoZptllmWbmmebxWRsaJicaGpimGeSZsmaZnBqnm1r- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of the preparatory documents for the GM Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79985-ses-imagotag-availability-of-documents-for-the-age-of-june-2-2023.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'imagotag', 'availability', 'documents', 'Shareholders', 'June', ""United Nations' Global Compact initiative"", 'VUSION Retail IOT technology platform', 'high value digital assets', 'cumbersome low value-added tasks', 'VUSION Retail IoT platform', 'preferential subscription rights', 'smart digital labels', '350 large retailer groups', 'store order preparation', 'store shopping experience', 'Platinum Sustainability Rating', 'business sustainability ratings', 'Investor Relations contact', 'original press release', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'next press releases', 'Euronext™ Paris exchange', 'company savings plan', 'real-time accurate information', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'IoT solutions', 'physical retail', 'global leader', 'digital solutions', 'merchandizing tasks', 'Meeting notice', 'News releases', 'product information', 'traceability information', 'Regulated information', 'physical commerce', 'necessary documentation', 'Nelson Mandela', 'Convening notice', 'Voting ballot', ""Directors' Report"", ""Auditors' Report"", 'capital increase', 'North America', 'physical stores', 'omnichannel synchronization', 'marketing campaigns', 'employee satisfaction', 'customer service', 'product search', 'cashier-less scan', 'compartment A', 'SBF 120 index', 'Ticker symbol', 'ISIN code', 'GM Full', 'product availability', 'pay features', 'Raquel Lizarraga', 'world leader', 'SESL.PA', 'preparatory documents', 'shelf availability', 'SES-imagotag', 'Shareholders', 'June', '10:00 AM', 'headquarters', '55 place', 'Nanterre', 'English', 'French', 'April', 'May', 'Board', 'members', 'issue', 'warrants', 'BSA', 'cancellation', 'website', 'Investors', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'retailers', 'driven', 'suppliers', 'consumers', 'agility', 'precision', 'accuracy', 'prices', 'restocking', 'shelves', 'Cloud', 'location', 'reduced', 'inventory', 'waste', 'compliance', 'nutritional', 'frictionless', 'pathfinding', 'EcoVadis', 'reference', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Labrador', 'publication', 'provision', 'Terms', 'PDF', 'imagotag-availability', 'age', 'email', '2022', '6']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24812,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOUAX-SCA-5013/news/Touax-Availability-of-documents-Annual-shareholders-meeting-of-June-14th-2023-43834439/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Touax: Availability of documents Annual shareholders' meeting of June 14th  2023,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATION                Paris  12 May 2023 5:45 PM YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION Availability of documents Annual shareholders’ meeting of June 14th  2023   TOUAX informs its shareholders th…,REGULATED INFORMATION Paris  12 May 2023 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONAvailability of documentsAnnual shareholders’ meeting of June 14th  2023TOUAX informs its shareholders that its combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Wednesday June 14  2023 at 3:00 p.m. at Châteauform' Learning Lab La Défense  40 passage de l’Arche  92800 Puteaux  France. The official meeting announcements have been published in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on May 5  2023.Pursuant to Article 221-1 of the “Règlement général” of the “Autorité des marchés financiers”  information mentioned in Article R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code is already available to shareholders  in accordance with the applicable French laws and regulations  and under the following conditions:1. the documents and information included in the aforementioned article are posted on the company’s website ( https://www.touax.com/fr/documents );2. any shareholder is able to receive or review these documents at the company’s offices  through a request addressed :- either by mail to the head office - or by means of electronic telecommunication by e-mail at the following address: assembleegenerale@touax.com ).In accordance with the applicable French laws and regulations  the documents and information mentioned in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are available on the company’s website ( https://www.touax.com/fr/documents ).****************TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed in Paris on EURONEXT – Euronext Paris Compartment C (Code ISIN FR0000033003) and on the CAC® Small and CAC® Mid & Small indexes and in EnterNext PEA-PME.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ggasparetto@actifin.frtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"[""Annual shareholders' meeting"", 'Touax', 'Availability', 'documents', 'June', 'Règlement général', ""Châteauform' Learning Lab"", 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'official meeting announcements', 'La Défense', 'marchés financiers', 'applicable French laws', 'third party investors', 'French Commercial Code', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'Article R.', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Autorité des', 'following conditions', 'head office', 'electronic telecommunication', 'following address', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'Small indexes', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'Managing Partners', 'TOUAX Group', 'TOUAX SCA', 'Wednesday June', 'CAC® Small', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '12 May', 'Availability', 'documents', '40 passage', 'Arche', '92800 Puteaux', 'France', 'BALO', 'Bulletin', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'company', 'website', 'offices', 'request', 'mail', 'means', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'Mid', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '45', '3:00', '1 56']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24813,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668005/0/en/McPhy-Energy-Monthly-report-relating-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-outstanding-shares-as-of-April-30-2023.html,McPhy Energy: Monthly report relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares (as of April 30  2023),Translation for information purposes only  Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares In accordance with......,"French EnglishTranslation for information purposes onlyMonthly informationrelating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding sharesIn accordance with articles L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and223-16 of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers General RegulationReporting company :Corporate name: McPhy EnergyPublic Limited company ( société anonyme ) with Board of Directors) with Board of Directors Registered office: 79 rue Général Mangin  38100 GrenobleRegistered under number 502 205 917 R.C.S. GrenobleEuronext Paris Compartment B (ISIN code: FR0011742329 - MCPHY)Date Total number of outstanding shares Total number of voting rights* Gross Net 30.04.2023 27 959 095 29 257 708 28 088 942* Total number of voting rights (i) ""gross"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including those deprived of voting rights  (ii) ""net"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached after deduction of those deprived of voting rights (treasury shares and other shares whose voting rights are suspended pursuant to laws)ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTS MCPHYNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress relationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['McPhy Energy', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', 'report', 'April', 'des Marchés Financiers General Regulation', '79 rue Général Mangin', 'McPhy Energy Public Limited company', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'R.C.S. Grenoble', 'industrial raw material supply', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'broad commercial coverage', 'French Commercial Code', 'innovative hydrogen solutions', 'Reporting company', 'energy transition', 'industrial, mobility', 'energy sectors', 'French English', 'turnkey solutions', 'ISIN code', 'hydrogen production', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'hydrogen equipment', 'voting rights', 'Corporate name', 'Gross Net', 'distribution equipment', 'global deployment', 'complete range', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'production centers', 'international subsidiaries', 'Investor Relations', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Press relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'McPhyEnergy Attachment', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', 'treasury shares', 'other shares', 'information purposes', 'CONTACTS MCPHY', 'société', '38100 Grenoble', 'T.', 'Translation', 'accordance', 'articles', 'Board', 'Directors', 'office', 'Date', 'basis', 'deduction', 'laws', 'products', 'customers', 'applications', 'recharging', 'storage', 'recovery', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'integrator', 'engineering', 'Europe', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'NewCap']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24814,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTESA-SANPAOLO-S-P-A-68944/news/Italy-s-Maggioli-works-with-banks-to-launch-IPO-in-June-sources-43828317/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Italy's Maggioli works with banks to launch IPO in June - sources,(marketscreener.com) Italian group Maggioli  which provides digital solutions for public authorities  is working with Mediobanca and Intesa Sanpaolo to list on the Milan bourse  as it aims to grow through acquisitions  two sources said.https://www.marketscree…,The launch of the initial public offering (IPO) could be as early as next month  the sources said.The offer would likely comprise 100 million euros ($110 million) of new shares and a smaller amount of existing shares and could give the group a valuation as high as 400-500 million euros after the capital increase  one of the sources added.Anchor investors could be brought in on the deal  he added.The family-owned group will be listed on Euronext Growth Milan  a market dedicated to small and medium-sized enterprises with minimum access requirements  which allows a faster listing process  the sources added.Maggioli was not immediately available for comment.The family-owned group  which is based in the Emilia-Romagna region and has some 2 800 employees  reported 244 million euros of revenues in 2021.The group  whose focus is on digital services and solutions for local and central public administration  sees growth opportunities as Italy taps into European recovery funds dedicated to boost digitalisation in the country. ($1 = 0.9084 euros)(Reporting by Elisa Anzolin; Editing by Keith Weir),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Italy', 'Maggioli', 'banks', 'IPO', 'June', 'sources', 'initial public offering', 'minimum access requirements', 'faster listing process', 'central public administration', 'European recovery funds', 'Euronext Growth Milan', '400-500 million euros', 'growth opportunities', '100 million euros', '244 million euros', 'next month', 'new shares', 'smaller amount', 'existing shares', 'capital increase', 'Anchor investors', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'Emilia-Romagna region', 'digital services', 'Elisa Anzolin', 'Keith Weir', 'family-owned group', '0.9084 euros', 'launch', 'IPO', 'sources', 'deal', 'market', 'Maggioli', 'comment', '2,800 employees', 'revenues', 'focus', 'solutions', 'local', 'Italy', 'digitalisation', 'country', 'Editing']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24815,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notifications-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC--43834965/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – May 12  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal dis…,"Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – May 12  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received transparency notifications as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on May 8  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of May 3  2023  it held 4 335 547 shares of the then outstanding 733 579 250 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.Oxurion received a transparency notification on May 9  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of May 5  2023  it held 11 481 647 shares of the then outstanding 755 762 036 shares  and therefore remained below the threshold (3%) by virtue of acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 2.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.21,0.52,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notifications', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Tom Graney Chief Executive Officer', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Chief Business Officer', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notifications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'ANNEX 1', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'May', '4,335,547 shares', '733,579,250 shares', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', '11,481,647 shares', '755,762,036 shares', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', 'disclosure', '7.00', '32']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24816,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Liquidity-Agreement-43826364/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Bekaert - Update on the Liquidity Agreement,(marketscreener.com)         Update on the Liquidity Agreement Period from 4 May 2023 to 10 May 2023 Liquidity agreement In relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022  Bekaert announces today that Kepler Ch…,Update on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 4 May 2023 to 10 May 2023Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 12 301 shares during the period from 4 May 2023 to 10 May 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 201 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 4 May 2023 to 10 May 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 4 May 2023 1 200 41.37 41.50 41.20 49 644 5 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 8 May 2023 800 42.70 42.80 42.60 34 160 9 May 2023 701 42.79 42.90 42.70 29 996 10 May 2023 9 600 41.65 43.00 40.20 399 840 Total 12 301 513 640Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 4 May 2023 800 42.05 42.10 42.00 33 640 5 May 2023 1 600 42.55 42.80 42.40 68 080 8 May 2023 400 43.00 43.00 43.00 17 200 9 May 2023 801 43.15 43.20 42.90 34 563 10 May 2023 1 600 42.75 43.80 41.80 68 400 Total 5 201 221 883The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 42 792 shares.On 10 May 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 008 963 own shares  or 5.28% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Date Number', 'Total Amount', 'total number', 'same period', 'outstanding shares', '12 301 shares', '5 201 shares', '42 792 shares', 'Update', '4 May', '10 May', '2 September', 'Bekaert', 'behalf', 'tables', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Purchase', '8 May', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'market', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '3 008 963']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24817,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2667530/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 4 May 2023 to 10 May 2023  Liquidity agreement  In relation to the renewed liquidity agreement...,English Dutch FrenchUpdate on the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 4 May 2023 to 10 May 2023Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 12 301 shares during the period from 4 May 2023 to 10 May 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 5 201 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 4 May 2023 to 10 May 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 4 May 2023 1 200 41.37 41.50 41.20 49 644 5 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 8 May 2023 800 42.70 42.80 42.60 34 160 9 May 2023 701 42.79 42.90 42.70 29 996 10 May 2023 9 600 41.65 43.00 40.20 399 840 Total 12 301 513 640Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 4 May 2023 800 42.05 42.10 42.00 33 640 5 May 2023 1 600 42.55 42.80 42.40 68 080 8 May 2023 400 43.00 43.00 43.00 17 200 9 May 2023 801 43.15 43.20 42.90 34 563 10 May 2023 1 600 42.75 43.80 41.80 68 400 Total 5 201 221 883The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 42 792 shares.On 10 May 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 008 963 own shares  or 5.28% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'English Dutch French', 'investor relations pages', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Date Number', 'Total Amount', 'total number', 'same period', 'outstanding shares', '12 301 shares', '5 201 shares', '42 792 shares', 'Update', '4 May', '10 May', '2 September', 'Bekaert', 'behalf', 'tables', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Purchase', '8 May', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'market', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '008 963']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24818,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668002/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Results-of-the-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-held-on-12-May-2023.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Results of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on 12 May 2023,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION12 May 2023  17:40 CEST  Results of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on 12 May 2023  Mechelen  Belgium  12 May......,English DutchPRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION12 May 2023  17:40 CESTResults of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on 12 May 2023Mechelen  Belgium  12 May 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  held its annual shareholders' meeting today at its offices in Mechelen  Belgium.The shareholders approved all items on the agenda  with the exception of the agenda item regarding the approval of certain features of the Share Option Plan 2023. Following the shareholders’ meeting of today  the Company’s board of directors consists of Christian Reinaudo  Ann-Christine Sundell  Christine Kuslich and Luc Gijsens BV  represented by Luc Gijsens (whose current mandate will end at the annual shareholders’ meeting to be held in 2024)  as well as SBV BV  represented by Herman Verrelst  and Bryan Dechairo (whose current mandate will end at the annual shareholders’ meeting to be held in 2025).All documents relating to the annual shareholders’ meeting can be consulted on the website of the Company.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.07,0.82,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Press release', 'Results', '12 May 2023', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Share Option Plan', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'Luc Gijsens BV', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'molecular testing', 'SBV BV', 'product labeling', 'The Biocartis', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Christian Reinaudo', 'Ann-Christine Sundell', 'Christine Kuslich', 'current mandate', 'Herman Verrelst', 'Bryan Dechairo', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future periods', 'agenda item', 'universal access', 'current expectations', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future events', 'future performance', 'May', 'CEST', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'offices', 'items', 'exception', 'approval', 'features', 'today', 'board', 'directors', 'documents', 'website', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'sample', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'uses', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'revisions']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668061/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-ATLAS.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from ATLAS,Regulated Information - Denominator  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 12 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital......,Regulated Information - DenominatorAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 12 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – May 12  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of (i) 44 669 446 new ordinary shares on May 9  2023  for a total amount of EUR 200 000  as the result of the conversion of 8 convertible bonds  and (ii) 23 801 967 new ordinary shares on May 12  2023  for a total amount of EUR 100 000  as the result of the conversion of 4 convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 824 233 449 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 755 762 036 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 79 256 161Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 824 233 449 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 824 233 449 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 694 000 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 694 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);976 874 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 976 874 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);534 688 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 534 688 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);582 248 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 582 248 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);130 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  and April 20  2023  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 (as amended from time to time).ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.07,0.48,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'ATLAS', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'EUR 300,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', '44,669,446 new ordinary shares', '23,801,967 new ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', '824,233,449 outstanding ordinary shares', '755,762,036 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', '12 convertible bonds', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', '8 convertible bonds', '4 convertible bonds', '130 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'voting rights', '694,000 subscription rights', 'total number', 'Regulated Information', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Subscription Agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'May', '07.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'March', 'terms', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'time', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668007/0/en/Mithra-Pharmaceuticals-Payment-of-the-interests-of-the-Highbridge-Whitebox-loans-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-denominator.html,Mithra Pharmaceuticals - Payment of the interests of the Highbridge/Whitebox loans Information on the total number of voting rights (denominator),Payment of the interests of the Highbridge/Whitebox loans Information on the total number of voting rights (denominator)    Liege  Belgium  12 May 2023...,"Payment of the interests of the Highbridge/Whitebox loans Information on the total number of voting rights (denominator)Liege  Belgium  12 May 2023 – 17:50 CET – Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: MITRA) (the ""Company"" or ""Mithra"")  a company dedicated to Women’s Health  today announces that  the third quarterly interests of the loan facility concluded with funds managed by Highbridge Capital Management  LLC (""Highbridge"") and funds managed by Whitebox Advisors  LLC (""Whitebox""  and together with Highbridge  each a “Lender”)  was paid through contribution in kind against the issuance of new shares for an aggregate amount of EUR 641 289.61 through the issuance of 285 409 new shares at an issue price of EUR 2.25.On 8th August 2022  the Company and the Lenders entered into a three-year term senior secured convertible facilities agreement for an amount of up to EUR 100 million  which can be drawn in three tranches. The first tranche of EUR 50 million was drawn upon signing of the agreement; the second tranche of EUR 25 million was drawn on 31st October 2022.In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  following this capital increase’s completion Mithra now has 57 359 031 outstanding shares carrying voting rights (against 57 073 622 outstanding shares carrying voting rights previously).Therefore  Mithra publishes the following updated information:Capital: EUR 41 992 326.28Total number of securities carrying voting rights: 57 359 031 (all ordinary shares)Total number of voting rights (= denominator): 57 359 031 (all relating to ordinary shares)Number of outstanding rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights: Pursuant to the share option plan of 5 November 2018: 1 394 900 subscription rights giving right to 1 394 900 ordinary shares Pursuant to the share option plan of 22 July 2020: 690 000 subscription rights giving right to 720 571 ordinary shares Pursuant to the share option plan granted to the lending shareholders of 7 September 2020: 300 000 subscription rights giving right to 313 292 ordinary shares Pursuant to the share option plan of 20 November 2020: 390 717 subscription rights giving rise to 390 717 ordinary shares********For more information  please contact:Investor relations : investorrelations@mithra.comAbout MithraMithra (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biotech company dedicated to transforming Women’s Health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra’s goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women’s needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen Estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first Estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill Estelle®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product Donesta®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  Mithra has an approximate headcount of 230 staff members and is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE®  and DONESTA® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Subscribe to our mailing list on mithra.com to receive ourpress releases by email or follow us on our social media :LinkedIn • Twitter • FacebookAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Mithra Pharmaceuticals', 'Highbridge/Whitebox loans', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Payment', 'interests', 'Information', 'denominator', 'three-year term senior secured convertible facilities agreement', 'unique native estrogen Estetrol', 'share option plan', 'next-generation hormone therapy', 'early drug development', 'complex liquid injectables', 'third quarterly interests', 'first Estetrol-based product', 'complex polymeric products', 'Belgian biotech company', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Highbridge Capital Management', 'first tranche', 'Belgian Act', 'second product', 'Highbridge/Whitebox loans', 'voting rights', 'loan facility', 'issue price', '8th August', 'three tranches', 'second tranche', '31st October', 'major participations', 'regulated market', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'capital increase', 'outstanding rights', '1,394,900 subscription rights', '690,000 subscription rights', 'lending shareholders', '300,000 subscription rights', '390,717 subscription rights', 'Investor relations', 'new choices', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'contraceptive pill', 'complete spectrum', 'clinical batches', 'commercial manufacturing', 'vaginal ring', 'technological platform', 'approximate headcount', '230 staff members', 'Liège', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'mailing list', 'press releases', 'social media', 'Facebook Attachment', 'new shares', '57,359,031 outstanding shares', '57,073,622 outstanding shares', 'ordinary shares', 'total number', 'looking statements', 'The Company', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Whitebox Advisors', 'aggregate amount', 'updated information', 'Important information', 'Mithra CDMO', 'Payment', 'denominator', 'Liege', 'Belgium', 'May', '17:50 CET', 'MITRA', 'Women', 'Health', 'funds', 'LLC', 'Lender', 'contribution', 'kind', 'issuance', 'signing', 'accordance', 'article', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'completion', 'securities', '5 November', '22 July', '7 September', '20 November', 'rise', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'menopause', 'goal', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'potential', 'applications', 'Estelle®', 'Donesta®', 'partners', 'solutions', 'implants', 'biologicals', 'vials', 'syringes', 'cartridges', '100 countries', 'world', 'trademarks', 'affiliates', 'contents', 'announcement', 'words', 'estimates', 'project', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'law', 'email', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Results-of-the-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-held-on-12-May-2023-43834411/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Results of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting held on 12 May 2023,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION12 May 2023  17:40 CEST Results of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on 12 May 2023 Mechelen  Belgium  12 May 2023 – Biocartis Group NV   an innovative molecular diagnostics company   held its annua…,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION12 May 2023  17:40 CESTResults of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on 12 May 2023Mechelen  Belgium  12 May 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  held its annual shareholders' meeting today at its offices in Mechelen  Belgium.The shareholders approved all items on the agenda  with the exception of the agenda item regarding the approval of certain features of the Share Option Plan 2023. Following the shareholders’ meeting of today  the Company’s board of directors consists of Christian Reinaudo  Ann-Christine Sundell  Christine Kuslich and Luc Gijsens BV  represented by Luc Gijsens (whose current mandate will end at the annual shareholders’ meeting to be held in 2024)  as well as SBV BV  represented by Herman Verrelst  and Bryan Dechairo (whose current mandate will end at the annual shareholders’ meeting to be held in 2025).All documents relating to the annual shareholders’ meeting can be consulted on the website of the Company.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.13,0.79,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Press release', 'Results', '12 May 2023', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Share Option Plan', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'Luc Gijsens BV', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'molecular testing', 'SBV BV', 'product labeling', 'The Biocartis', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Christian Reinaudo', 'Ann-Christine Sundell', 'Christine Kuslich', 'current mandate', 'Herman Verrelst', 'Bryan Dechairo', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'intended uses', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future periods', 'agenda item', 'universal access', 'current expectations', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future events', 'future performance', 'Company directors', 'May', 'CEST', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'offices', 'items', 'exception', 'approval', 'features', 'today', 'board', 'documents', 'website', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'revisions']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24822,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Experts-to-Share-Insights-at-2023-Risk-Americas-Conference-43832391/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Wolters Kluwer Experts to Share Insights at 2023 Risk Americas Conference,(marketscreener.com) Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting executives will offer banks perspective on achieving a holistic approach to risk managementhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Experts-t…,Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting executives will offer banks perspective on achieving a holistic approach to risk managementExperts from Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting (FRR) will offer insights at the 12th Annual Risk Americas Conference on May 23-24  at 360 Madison Avenue in New York City.Bill Collette  Director of Market Development for Wolters Kluwer FRR  will be a featured speaker for the session  “Applying FTP to Drive Better Business Decisions ” at 2:55 p.m. Tuesday  May 23. His session will delve into how financial institutions can foster improvements in financial results through the application of Funds Transfer Pricing capabilities to one’s balance sheet. FTP methodologies enable organizations with capabilities from enhanced loan and deposit pricing and retention capabilities to managing rate movements in forecasting. These capabilities give institutions the right reports and analyses to assess progress  thereby further empowering better decision-making capabilities for their business.Earlier that day  Rami Entin  Business Systems Director for Wolters Kluwer FFR  will host a luncheon roundtable at 12:40 p.m. entitled “ESG – Sustainable Finance Challenges.” On Wednesday  May 24  Entin will moderate the Market & Finance Risk Trends stream.Risk Americas is a major financial risk  regulation  and innovation convention and hosted by the Center for Financial Professionals (CeFPro®). Attendees receive in-depth thought leadership through four separate workstreams that include Advanced Models & Risk Trends; Non-Financial Risk; Market & Financial Risk Trends; and ESG & Climate Risk. Wolters Kluwer is a co-sponsor of this year’s event. Registration is available at the Risk Americas website.Wolters Kluwer FRR  which is part of the company’s Corporate Performance & ESG division  is a global market leader in the provision of integrated regulatory compliance and reporting solutions. It supports regulated financial institutions in meeting their obligations to external regulators and their own board of directors.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230512005028/en/,neutral,0.0,0.91,0.09,mixed,0.32,0.21,0.46,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Experts', '2023 Risk Americas Conference', 'Insights', '12th Annual Risk Americas Conference', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Funds Transfer Pricing capabilities', 'Finance Risk Trends stream', 'Sustainable Finance Challenges', 'New York City', 'depth thought leadership', 'four separate workstreams', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Risk Americas website', 'Wolters Kluwer Finance', 'Wolters Kluwer FFR', 'Better Business Decisions', 'major financial risk', 'Financial Risk Trends', 'integrated regulatory compliance', 'Regulatory Reporting executives', 'Wolters Kluwer FRR', 'Business Systems Director', 'regulated financial institutions', 'global market leader', '2022 annual revenues', 'deposit pricing', 'global leader', 'risk management', 'Non-Financial Risk', 'Climate Risk', 'corporate compliance', 'critical decisions', 'reporting solutions', 'financial results', 'banks perspective', 'holistic approach', '360 Madison Avenue', 'Bill Collette', 'featured speaker', 'balance sheet', 'retention capabilities', 'rate movements', 'right reports', 'decision-making capabilities', 'luncheon roundtable', 'innovation convention', 'Advanced Models', 'Corporate Performance', 'external regulators', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', 'source version', 'Financial Professionals', 'Market Development', 'FTP methodologies', 'Rami Entin', 'ESG division', 'Experts', 'insights', 'May', 'session', 'Tuesday', 'improvements', 'application', 'organizations', 'loan', 'forecasting', 'analyses', 'progress', 'Wednesday', 'regulation', 'Center', 'CeFPro', 'Attendees', 'sponsor', 'year', 'event', 'Registration', 'part', 'company', 'provision', 'obligations', 'board', 'directors', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire', '2:55', '12:40']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24823,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYRSTAR-NV-28377339/news/Nyrstar-NV-ndash-update-with-regards-to-recent-litigation-43832238/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Nyrstar NV – update with regards to recent litigation,(marketscreener.com) Nyrstar NV – update with regards to recent litigation 12 May 2023 at 14:00 CEST Nyrstar NV wishes to update its shareholders on certain litigation proceedings of which it is the subject.  As a reminder  on 3 January 2023  the Company rece…,"Nyrstar NV – update with regards to recent litigation12 May 2023 at 14:00 CESTNyrstar NV (the ""Company"") wishes to update its shareholders on certain litigation proceedings of which it is the subject.As a reminder  on 3 January 2023  the Company received a writ of summons from certain shareholders of the Company (the “Claimants”) initiating summary proceedings relating to interim measures. The President of the Antwerp Enterprise Court  Antwerp division (the “President”) heard the case on 25 April 2023.Today  the President issued his judgment in these summary proceedings.In this judgement  the President took note of the Company’s announcement of 14 February 2023 that it will not take steps to convene a general meeting with dissolution as an agenda item (or take preparatory actions to that effect) until the Supreme Court has rendered a judgment in the pending Supreme Court appeal against the judgment of the Antwerp Court of Appeal dated 17 November 2022 with respect to the claim for the appointment of a panel of experts  known under docket numbers 2020/RK/35  2020/RK/38 and 2022/AR/177.The President dismissed the Claimants’ request to impose a prohibition on the Company to convene a shareholders' meeting to decide on the dissolution of the Company.Furthermore  the President also dismissed the Claimants’ request to appoint a provisional administrator or a trustee ad hoc. These claims were found to be inadmissible for a number of Claimants  and ill-founded for the remainder of Claimants.Finally  each party was ordered to bear its own costs in relation to these summary proceedings.The Company is currently analysing this new judgment together with its legal advisors.A detailed overview of the current proceedings is available on the Company website at: https://www.nyrstarnv.be/en/investors/restructuring/summary-of-ongoing-proceedingsAbout NyrstarThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar NV website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information contact:Anthony Simms - Head of External Affairs & Legal anthony.simms@nyrstar.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.76,0.22,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Nyrstar NV', 'recent litigation', 'update', 'regards', 'Antwerp Enterprise Court', 'Supreme Court appeal', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'Antwerp Court', 'Antwerp division', 'recent litigation', 'litigation proceedings', 'summary proceedings', 'interim measures', 'general meeting', 'agenda item', 'preparatory actions', 'docket numbers', 'provisional administrator', 'legal advisors', 'detailed overview', 'current proceedings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Anthony Simms', 'External Affairs', 'Legal anthony', 'Company website', 'Claimants’ request', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'new judgment', 'The Company', 'The President', 'update', 'regards', 'May', '14:00 CEST', 'subject', 'reminder', '3 January', 'writ', 'summons', 'case', '25 April', 'judgement', 'note', 'announcement', '14 February', 'steps', 'dissolution', 'effect', 'respect', 'appointment', 'panel', 'experts', 'RK', 'prohibition', 'trustee', 'claims', 'remainder', 'party', 'costs', 'relation', 'nyrstarnv', 'investors', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'information', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24824,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Publishes-Article-in-Frontiers-in-Immunology-Unveiling-Pre-Clinical-Data-on-a-Novel-Treatm-43825974/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Cellectis Publishes Article in Frontiers in Immunology Unveiling Pre-Clinical Data on a Novel Treatment Paradigm for Successful CAR T Immunotherapy Against Stroma-rich Solid Tumors,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  May 12  2023 -- Cellectis   a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today published an article in Frontiers Bioenginnering  demonstrating …,NEW YORK  May 12  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today published an article in Frontiers Bioenginnering  demonstrating the efficacy of its TALEN® engineered FAP UCART-cells in cancer-associated fibroblast (CAF) depletion  reduction of desmoplasia and tumor infiltration.Adoptive cell therapy based on chimeric antigen receptor-engineered T (CAR-T) cells has proven to be lifesaving for many cancer patients.However  its therapeutic efficacy has so far been restricted to only a few malignancies  with solid tumors proving to be especially recalcitrant to efficient therapy. Poor intra-tumor infiltration by T cells and T cell dysfunction due to a desmoplastic  immunosuppressive microenvironment are key barriers for CAR T-cell success against solid tumors.Cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) are critical components of the tumor stroma  evolving specifically within the tumor microenvironment (TME). The CAF secretome is a significant contributor to the extracellular matrix and a plethora of cytokines and growth factors that induce immune suppression. Together they form a physical and chemical barrier which induces a T cell-excluding ‘cold’ TME. CAF depletion in stroma rich solid tumors can thus provide an opportunity to convert immune evasive tumors susceptible to tumor-antigen CAR T-cell cytotoxicity.Cellectis used its TALEN®-based gene editing platform to engineer non-alloreactive  immune-evasive UCAR T-cells targeting the unique CAF marker Fibroblast Activation Protein  alpha (FAP) to test whether FAP UCAR T-cell pre-treatment can make ‘cold’ tumors susceptible to subsequent tumor-antigen targeting CAR T-cells. Cellectis also generated non-alloreactive CAR T-cells against the tumor associated antigen (TAA) Mesothelin which is overexpressed in most solid tumors including mesothelioma and large sub-sets of ovarian  breast  pancreatic and lung adenocarcinomas. The combination treatment strategy was tested in a pre-clinical mouse model of triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC)  an aggressive  stroma-rich breast cancer sub-type with poor prognosis and very limited treatment options at present.“Over 90% of epithelial cancers including breast  colorectal  pancreatic and lung adenocarcinomas express the CAF-specific surface marker  fibroblast activation protein α (FAP)  which makes it a promising CAR T-cell target. In this study  we propose a novel and versatile approach of combination CAR T-cell therapy that can be extended to most stroma-rich cold tumors with relevant tumor-antigen targeting CAR T-cells which otherwise are recalcitrant to cell therapy”  said Shipra Das  Ph.D.  Senior Scientist & Team Leader at Cellectis.Preclinical data showed that:In a mouse xenograft model  successful implantation of injected CAFs in the tumors was confirmed by positive staining of spindle-like cells with human-specific FAP antibody  recapitulating a physiologically relevant TNBC tumor with tumor and stromal compartments.FAP UCART-cells alone significantly reduced tumor growth.In vitro and in vivo results show that FAP UCART-cells enable the reprogramming of the cold  stroma-rich triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) TME  making the tumor susceptible to subsequent Meso UCAR T infiltration and cytotoxicity and improving the overall antitumor activity of the treatment.In the context of combination therapy with anti-PD1 checkpoint inhibitor  maximal anti-tumor activity and survival benefits were observed upon FAP UCAR T-cell treatment followed by Meso UCAR T-cell treatment.This article is available on Frontiers Bioengineering website by clicking on this link.About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS). For more information  visit www.cellectis.com. Follow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTube.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could ” “would” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions. Forward-looking statements include statements about the potential of the innovations of the Company. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relation contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.04,0.04,0.92,True,English,"['Successful CAR T Immunotherapy', 'Novel Treatment Paradigm', 'Stroma-rich Solid Tumors', 'Pre-Clinical Data', 'Cellectis', 'Article', 'Frontiers', 'Immunology', 'cold, stroma-rich triple negative breast cancer', 'unique CAF marker Fibroblast Activation Protein', 'aggressive, stroma-rich breast cancer sub-type', 'subsequent Meso UCAR T infiltration', 'Meso UCAR T-cell treatment', 'non-alloreactive, immune-evasive UCAR T-cells', 'FAP UCAR T-cell pre-treatment', 'most stroma-rich cold tumors', 'chimeric antigen receptor-engineered T', 'FAP UCAR T-cell treatment', '®-based gene editing platform', 'combination CAR T-cell therapy', 'tumor-antigen CAR T-cell cytotoxicity', 'triple-negative breast cancer', 'CAF-specific surface marker', 'The CAF secretome', 'CAR T-cell success', 'CAR T-cell target', 'many cancer patients', 'combination treatment strategy', 'pre-clinical mouse model', 'limited treatment options', 'mouse xenograft model', 'overall antitumor activity', 'anti-PD1 checkpoint inhibitor', 'maximal anti-tumor activity', 'life-changing product candidates', 'unmet medical needs', 'non-alloreactive CAR T-cells', 'Poor intra-tumor infiltration', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'T cell dysfunction', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'desmoplastic, immunosuppressive microenvironment', 'Frontiers Bioengineering website', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'gene editing technology', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'applicable securities laws', 'most solid tumors', 'human-specific FAP antibody', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'Adoptive cell therapy', 'rich solid tumors', 'immune evasive tumors', 'subsequent tumor-antigen', 'cancer-associated fibroblast', 'CAF depletion', 'combination therapy', 'T cells', 'cold’ TME', 'immune system', 'relevant tumor-antigen', 'efficient therapy', 'gene therapies', 'Frontiers Bioenginnering', 'poor prognosis', 'therapeutic gene', 'Private Securities', 'FAP UCART-cells', 'life-saving cell', 'immune suppression', 'CAR-T) cells', 'spindle-like cells', 'tumor microenvironment', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'key barriers', 'critical components', 'significant contributor', 'extracellular matrix', 'growth factors', 'chemical barrier', 'TAA) Mesothelin', 'large sub-sets', 'lung adenocarcinomas', 'epithelial cancers', 'versatile approach', 'Shipra Das', 'Ph.D.', 'Senior Scientist', 'Team Leader', 'Preclinical data', 'successful implantation', 'positive staining', 'stromal compartments', 'vivo results', 'survival benefits', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'North Carolina', 'social media', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'press release', 'forward-looking” statements', 'tumor growth', 'therapeutic efficacy', 'various diseases', 'TNBC) TME', 'TNBC tumor', 'tumor stroma', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'article', '® engineered', 'reduction', 'desmoplasia', 'malignancies', 'CAFs', 'plethora', 'cytokines', 'physical', 'opportunity', 'mesothelioma', 'pancreatic', 'present', 'study', 'novel', 'vitro', 'reprogramming', 'context', 'link', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'information', 'YouTube', 'meaning']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24825,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668056/0/en/Weekly-Report-May-5-May-11-2023-on-the-First-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Weekly Report (May 5 – May 11  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,Weekly Report (May 5 – May 11  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program    AMSTERDAM  May 12  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis”...,Weekly Report (May 5 – May 11  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  May 12  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between March 17  2023 and June 19  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between May 5 up to and including May 11  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fe es) Venues 05.05.2023 3 007 924 € 14 5762 € 43 844 102 MILE 05.05.2023 470 997 € 14 6275 € 6 889 509 CEUX 05.05.2023 90 965 € 14 6275 € 1 330 591 TQEX 08.05.2023 3 096 000 € 14 8063 € 45 840 305 MILE 08.05.2023 878 000 € 14 8154 € 13 007 921 CEUX 08.05.2023 109 671 € 14 8228 € 1 625 631 TQEX 09.05.2023 2 910 890 € 14 8700 € 43 284 934 MILE 09.05.2023 877 000 € 14 8811 € 13 050 725 CEUX 09.05.2023 110 312 € 14 8810 € 1 641 553 TQEX 10.05.2023 3 180 000 € 14 9780 € 47 630 040 MILE 10.05.2023 855 557 € 14 9695 € 12 807 261 CEUX 10.05.2023 108 174 € 14 9643 € 1 618 748 TQEX 11.05.2023 3 201 000 € 14 8866 € 47 652 007 MILE 11.05.2023 684 731 € 14 8690 € 10 181 265 CEUX 11.05.2023 71 728 € 14 8832 € 1 067 542 TQEX Total 19 652 949 € 14 8310 € 291 472 133Since March 17  2023 up to and including May 11  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 25 506 859 common shares for a total consideration of € 384 492 126.As of May 11  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 94.632.403 common shares equal to 2 93% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.08,0.65,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'May', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'special voting shares', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'innovative, attractive products', 'following common shares', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', '25,506,859 common shares', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'fe es', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'other changes', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'TQEX Total', 'May', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'Venues', 'MILE', 'CEUX', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'regulations', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'claims', 'lawsuits', 'investigations']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24826,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Availability-of-the-first-amendment-to-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-43834881/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Societe Generale: Availability of the first amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) AVAILABILITY OF THE FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTRegulated Information Paris  12 May 2023 Societe Generale hereby informs the public that the first amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed …,AVAILABILITY OF THE FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTRegulated InformationParis  12 May 2023Societe Generale hereby informs the public that the first amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on 13th March 2023 under number D.23-0089  has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 12th May 2023 under number D-23-0089-A01.This document is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Regulated information” section of the Company’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/regulated-information) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Societe Generale', 'first amendment', 'Availability', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', '2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT Regulated Information', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'French Retail Banking', 'key international locations', 'International Retail Banking', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'official Press Releases', 'integrated banking model', '25 million individual clients', 'responsible investment indices', 'two Societe Generale', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'financial strength', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'FIRST AMENDMENT', '13th March', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', '12th May', 'investors.societegenerale', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'digital innovation', 'Eastern Europe', 'The Group', '12 May', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Paris', 'public', 'number', 'AMF', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'Company', 'website', 'financial-information', 'socgen', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VGP-NV-418007/news/VGP-NV-Shareholders-Meetings-of-12-May-2023-43834574/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,VGP NV: Shareholders' Meetings of 12 May 2023,(marketscreener.com) Press ReleaseRegulated InformationAntwerp  12 May 2023  18:00 CET VGP NV held today its Annual and Special Shareholders’ Meetings in accordance with the organization method as described in its press release of 12 April 2023. ANNUAL SHAREH…,Press ReleaseRegulated InformationAntwerp  12 May 2023  18:00 CETVGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) held today its Annual and Special Shareholders’ Meetings (the ‘Shareholder Meetings’) in accordance with the organization method as described in its press release of 12 April 2023.ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGThe shareholders approved all agenda items.We make reference to the agenda as included in the convocation of the Annual Shareholder’ Meeting and more specifically the agenda items regarding dividend and the reappointment of the independent directors.DividendThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting approved the payment of a gross dividend for a total amount of EUR 75 051 108.00 which corresponds to a gross dividend of EUR 2.75 per share (EUR 1.925 net dividend per share) in relation to the financial year ending 31 December 2022 and approved the delegation of the determination of the payment date as well as all other formalities relating to the payment of the dividend to the Board of Directors.During a Board of Directors meeting held today  after the closing of the Shareholders’ Meetings  the Board of Directors approved the payment details as follows:Ex-dividend date: 24 May 2023Registration date: 25 May 2023Dividend payment date: 26 May 2023Reappointment of directorsThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting approved the reappointment of Gaevan BV  represented by its permanent representative Mrs. Ann Gaeremynck  Mrs. Katherina Reiche and Mrs. Vera Gäde-Butzlaff as independent directors for a period of 4 years  until the closing of the annual shareholders’ meeting which will be held in the year 2027 and at which the decision will be taken to approve the annual accounts closed at 31 December 2026.SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGThe Special Shareholders’ Meeting also approved all agenda items.We make reference to the agenda as included in the convocation of the Special Shareholders’ Meeting and more specifically the agenda items regarding the approval of the change of control clauses.The Special Shareholders’ Meeting formally approved a.o. (a) the change of control clause as set out in the BNP Paribas Fortis loan agreement entered into on 28 December 2022 by the Company and BNP Paribas Fortis NV (as “Bank”)  and (b) the change of control clause as set out in the J.P. Morgan loan agreement entered into on 13 December 2022 by the Company and J.P. Morgan SE (as “Arranger”).For further information  please contact:Piet Van Geet Martijn Vlutters Chief Financial Officer VP – Business Development & Investor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 14 37 Tel: +32 (0)3 289 14 33 E-mail: piet.van.geet@vgpparks.eu E-mail: martijn.vlutters@vgpparks.euABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 383 FTE’s today is active in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of December 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.44 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.30 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['VGP NV', ""Shareholders' Meetings"", '12 May', 'Piet Van Geet Martijn Vlutters Chief Financial Officer', 'BNP Paribas Fortis loan agreement', 'J.P. Morgan loan agreement', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'J.P. Morgan SE', 'BNP Paribas Fortis NV', 'Mrs. Vera Gäde-Butzlaff', 'The Special Shareholders’ Meeting', 'The Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'piet.van', 'Mrs. Ann Gaeremynck', 'Mrs. Katherina Reiche', 'Special Shareholders’ Meetings', 'Annual Shareholder’ Meeting', 'integrated business model', 'Net Asset Value', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'Gross Asset Value', 'financial year', 'Dividend payment date', 'annual accounts', 'Shareholder Meetings', 'Directors meeting', 'value chain', '1.925 net dividend', 'Business Development', 'gross dividend', 'Ex-dividend date', 'Registration date', 'VGP NV', 'Press Release', 'organization method', 'total amount', 'other formalities', 'Gaevan BV', 'permanent representative', 'control clauses', 'Investor Relations', 'pan-European owner', 'high-quality logistics', 'longstanding expertise', 'Czech Republic', '17 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'payment details', 'agenda items', 'independent directors', 'Regulated Information', 'Antwerp', '12 May', '18:00 CET', 'Group', 'accordance', '12 April', 'reference', 'convocation', 'reappointment', '31 December', 'delegation', 'determination', 'Board', 'closing', '24 May', '25 May', '26 May', 'period', '4 years', 'decision', 'approval', 'change', '28 December', 'Company', 'Bank', '13 December', 'Arranger', 'VP', 'mail', 'manager', 'capabilities', 'staff', '383 FTE', 'vgpparks', 'Attachment']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACCOR-4602/news/Fairmont-Mayakoba-to-host-an-exclusive-Mother-s-Day-experience-43834583/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Fairmont Mayakoba to host an exclusive Mother's Day experience,(marketscreener.com) PLAYA DEL CARMEN  Mexico  May 12  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As part of Fairmont's ongoing commitment to create the most memorable and unique experiences for its guests  the award-winning AAA-5 Diamond Fairmont Mayakoba will be hosting an exo…,"PLAYA DEL CARMEN  Mexico  May 12  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As part of Fairmont's ongoing commitment to create the most memorable and unique experiences for its guests  the award-winning AAA-5 Diamond Fairmont Mayakoba will be hosting an exotic culinary experience and symphonic concert to celebrate Mother's Day.The exciting dining experience occurred on May 10th and is scheduled for another edition on May 14th. It's presented by Chef Heriberto Flores  one of Mexico's most sought-after culinary superstars. Owner of the renowned Nostalgia restaurant in the central highlands' town of San Cristóbal de las Casas  Chef Heriberto's cuisine pays homage to the local flavors and festivals that take place in towns throughout southern Mexico.Nostalgia restaurant was created in 2015 to promote the gastronomy and culture of the Oaxaca region with a delightful twist on traditional dishes featuring moles  tlayudas  tamales  enchiladas as well as the chocolate and mezcal commonly found in this region. With a delectable 6-course dinner planned for his Mother's Day visit to Fairmont Mayakoba  Chef Heriberto is certain to deliver an inspired once-in-a-lifetime gastronomic experience next to the blue Caribbean Sea.Chef Heriberto's exquisite dinner will be followed by another exceptional Fairmont experience  its ""Symphony in a Cenote"". Imagine being serenaded by a symphonic orchestra set in a mystical Mayan cenote where you'll savor delectable tapas and sip refreshing cocktails. Sacred to the Mayan community  cenotes are known for their pristine  clear  cool water surrounded by limestone walls  creating an extraordinary venue for a musical journey to the center of the earth. You'll be entertained with classic melodies  as well as contemporary pop  from artists like Lady Gaga  Coldplay  Toto  Ed Sheeran  Queen  and more. This special event is part of Fairmont's initiative to offer its guests experiences that go ""All Beyond Limits""  where the luxury hotel company pushes the limits of possibility with experiences you have to see to believe  popping up at the most iconic hotels and resorts in the world.For more information and to book your stay visit www.fairmont-mayakoba.comAbout Fairmont Mayakoba  Riviera MayaNestled in the heart of the Riviera Maya  Mexico  the 401-room Fairmont Mayakoba is a AAA Five Diamond resort set on 45 acres  within a private luxury community. Surrounded by a lush mangrove forest intersected by water canals  the property offers over 46 000 sq. ft. of indoor and outdoor meeting space  an energizing Fairmont Spa featuring 20 treatment rooms  and El Camaleón Golf Course  host to the first LIV Golf Tournament event in Mexico and first golf course to host the PGA Tournament outside the United States. A dedication to a green philosophy has earned Fairmont Mayakoba the Preferred by Nature verification among other eco-accolades. For reservations contact call 1(800) 540 6088 or email myk.reservations@fairmont.com   or visit fairmont.com/Mayakoba or follow Fairmont Mayakoba on Twitter  Facebook  Linkedin  and Instagram.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fairmont-mayakoba-to-host-an-exclusive-mothers-day-experience-301823508.htmlSOURCE Fairmont Mayakoba",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Fairmont Mayakoba', 'exclusive Mother', 'Day experience', 'San Cristóbal de las Casas', 'El Camaleón Golf Course', 'first LIV Golf Tournament event', 'award-winning AAA-5 Diamond Fairmont Mayakoba', 'AAA Five Diamond resort', 'pristine, clear, cool water', 'world leading hospitality group', 'first golf course', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'PLAYA DEL CARMEN', 'exciting dining experience', ""central highlands' town"", 'lifetime gastronomic experience', 'blue Caribbean Sea', 'lush mangrove forest', 'outdoor meeting space', 'exotic culinary experience', 'exceptional Fairmont experience', 'energizing Fairmont Spa', 'renowned Nostalgia restaurant', 'delectable 6-course dinner', 'luxury hotel company', '401-room Fairmont Mayakoba', 'private luxury community', 'SOURCE Fairmont Mayakoba', 'Chef Heriberto Flores', 'mystical Mayan cenote', 'special event', 'PGA Tournament', 'water canals', 'Mayan community', 'culinary superstars', 'exquisite dinner', 'delectable tapas', '40 hotel brands', 'The Group', 'community outreach', 'ongoing commitment', 'symphonic concert', 'local flavors', 'delightful twist', 'traditional dishes', 'symphonic orchestra', 'refreshing cocktails', 'limestone walls', 'extraordinary venue', 'musical journey', 'classic melodies', 'contemporary pop', 'Lady Gaga', 'Ed Sheeran', 'iconic hotels', 'Riviera Maya', '20 treatment rooms', 'United States', 'green philosophy', 'Nature verification', 'other eco-accolades', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'original content', 'unique experiences', 'Oaxaca region', 'southern Mexico', 'Accor SA', 'guests experiences', 'PRNewswire', 'part', 'memorable', 'Mother', 'Day', 'edition', 'Owner', 'cuisine', 'homage', 'festivals', 'place', 'towns', 'gastronomy', 'culture', 'moles', 'tlayudas', 'tamales', 'enchiladas', 'chocolate', 'mezcal', 'visit', 'Symphony', 'cenotes', 'center', 'earth', 'artists', 'Coldplay', 'Toto', 'Queen', 'initiative', 'Limits', 'possibility', 'resorts', 'information', 'stay', 'heart', '45 acres', 'property', '46,000 sq.', 'indoor', 'dedication', 'reservations', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'Linkedin', 'Instagram', '110 countries', '5 400 properties', '10 000 food', 'industry', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'TikTok', 'multimedia', 'news-releases']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668019/0/en/VGP-NV-Shareholders-Meetings-of-12-May-2023.html,VGP NV: Shareholders’ Meetings of 12 May 2023,Press ReleaseRegulated InformationAntwerp  12 May 2023  18:00 CET          VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) held today its Annual and Special...,English DutchPress ReleaseRegulated InformationAntwerp  12 May 2023  18:00 CETVGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) held today its Annual and Special Shareholders’ Meetings (the ‘Shareholder Meetings’) in accordance with the organization method as described in its press release of 12 April 2023.ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGThe shareholders approved all agenda items.We make reference to the agenda as included in the convocation of the Annual Shareholder’ Meeting and more specifically the agenda items regarding dividend and the reappointment of the independent directors.DividendThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting approved the payment of a gross dividend for a total amount of EUR 75 051 108.00 which corresponds to a gross dividend of EUR 2.75 per share (EUR 1.925 net dividend per share) in relation to the financial year ending 31 December 2022 and approved the delegation of the determination of the payment date as well as all other formalities relating to the payment of the dividend to the Board of Directors.During a Board of Directors meeting held today  after the closing of the Shareholders’ Meetings  the Board of Directors approved the payment details as follows:Ex-dividend date: 24 May 2023Registration date: 25 May 2023Dividend payment date: 26 May 2023Reappointment of directorsThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting approved the reappointment of Gaevan BV  represented by its permanent representative Mrs. Ann Gaeremynck  Mrs. Katherina Reiche and Mrs. Vera Gäde-Butzlaff as independent directors for a period of 4 years  until the closing of the annual shareholders’ meeting which will be held in the year 2027 and at which the decision will be taken to approve the annual accounts closed at 31 December 2026.SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGThe Special Shareholders’ Meeting also approved all agenda items.We make reference to the agenda as included in the convocation of the Special Shareholders’ Meeting and more specifically the agenda items regarding the approval of the change of control clauses.The Special Shareholders’ Meeting formally approved a.o. (a) the change of control clause as set out in the BNP Paribas Fortis loan agreement entered into on 28 December 2022 by the Company and BNP Paribas Fortis NV (as “Bank”)  and (b) the change of control clause as set out in the J.P. Morgan loan agreement entered into on 13 December 2022 by the Company and J.P. Morgan SE (as “Arranger”).For further information  please contact:Piet Van Geet Martijn Vlutters Chief Financial Officer VP – Business Development & Investor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 14 37 Tel: +32 (0)3 289 14 33 E-mail: piet.van.geet@vgpparks.eu E-mail: martijn.vlutters@vgpparks.euABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 383 FTE’s today is active in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of December 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.44 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.30 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['VGP NV', 'Shareholders’ Meetings', '12 May', 'Piet Van Geet Martijn Vlutters Chief Financial Officer VP', 'BNP Paribas Fortis loan agreement', 'J.P. Morgan loan agreement', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'piet.van.geet', 'J.P. Morgan SE', 'BNP Paribas Fortis NV', 'Mrs. Vera Gäde-Butzlaff', 'The Special Shareholders’ Meeting', 'The Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Press Release Regulated Information', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'Mrs. Ann Gaeremynck', 'Mrs. Katherina Reiche', 'Special Shareholders’ Meetings', 'Annual Shareholder’ Meeting', 'integrated business model', 'Net Asset Value', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'Gross Asset Value', 'financial year', 'Dividend payment date', 'annual accounts', 'Shareholder Meetings', 'Directors meeting', 'value chain', '1.925 net dividend', 'Business Development', 'gross dividend', 'Ex-dividend date', 'Registration date', 'VGP NV', 'English Dutch', 'organization method', 'total amount', 'other formalities', 'Gaevan BV', 'permanent representative', 'control clauses', 'Investor Relations', 'pan-European owner', 'high-quality logistics', 'longstanding expertise', 'Czech Republic', '17 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'payment details', 'agenda items', 'independent directors', 'Antwerp', '12 May', '18:00 CET', 'Group', 'accordance', '12 April', 'reference', 'convocation', 'reappointment', '31 December', 'delegation', 'determination', 'Board', 'closing', '24 May', '25 May', '26 May', 'period', '4 years', 'decision', 'approval', 'change', '28 December', 'Company', 'Bank', '13 December', 'Arranger', 'mail', 'manager', 'capabilities', 'staff', '383 FTE', 'today', 'vgpparks', 'Attachment']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668050/0/en/Societe-Generale-Availability-of-the-first-amendment-to-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Societe Generale: Availability of the first amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document,AVAILABILITY OF THE FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTRegulated Information   Paris  12 May 2023   Societe Generale hereby...,French EnglishAVAILABILITY OF THE FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTRegulated InformationParis  12 May 2023Societe Generale hereby informs the public that the first amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on 13th March 2023 under number D.23-0089  has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 12th May 2023 under number D-23-0089-A01.This document is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Regulated information” section of the Company’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/regulated-information) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.47,0.53,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Societe Generale', 'first amendment', 'Availability', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'official Press Releases', 'integrated banking model', '2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT', '25 million individual clients', 'two Societe Generale', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'French English', 'financial strength', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'FIRST AMENDMENT', '13th March', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'Regulated Information', '12th May', 'investors.societegenerale', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'digital innovation', 'Eastern Europe', 'The Group', '12 May', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Paris', 'public', 'number', 'AMF', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'Company', 'website', 'financial-information', 'socgen', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARNEXT-SA-29750723/news/Pharnext-Sa-Pharnext-supports-the-upcoming-Spring-Meeting-of-the-Neuromuscular-Diseases-Study-43826556/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Pharnext Sa :  Pharnext supports the upcoming Spring Meeting of the Neuromuscular Diseases Study Group of the Spanish Society of Neurology (SEN),(marketscreener.com)  PARIS  France  May 12th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SA   an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces its suppor…,"PARIS  France  May 12th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SA ( FR001400GUN7 - ALPHA) (the “Company”)  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces its support to the organization of the upcoming Spring Meeting of the Neuromuscular Diseases Study Group of the Spanish Society of Neurology (Reunión de Primavera del Grupo de Estudio de Enfermedades Neuromusculares de la Sociedad Española de Neurología - SEN)  taking place in Gijón  Spain  on May 12-13  2023.The SEN Spring meeting aims at gathering experts of the neuromuscular diseases field to present and discuss current topics as well as clinical cases presented by the attendees. Around 120 specialists are expected to attend this year.The Neuromuscular Diseases Group is made up of neurologists who are members of the Spanish Society of Neurology  with special interest and dedication to neuromuscular diseases.The 2023 Spring meeting coordinators being Dr. Germán Morís de la Tassa from the Neurology Service of the Hospital Universitario Central de Asturias and Dr. Javier Granda Méndez from the Neurology Service  Hospital Universitario de Cabueñes.Pharnext is pleased to support such congress in Spain dealing with diseases of the peripheral nervous system resulting in neuromuscular disorders  as its lead candidate  PXT3003  is in pivotal Phase III clinical development.in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a debilitating  inherited progressive and chronic peripheral neuropathy.More information on this medical education event is available on their website: https://azulcongresos.com/geen2023/About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases currently without satisfactory therapeutic solutions. Pharnext has a first-in-class drug candidate  PXT3003  in development for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a rare  debilitating  inherited peripheral neuropathy. PXT3003 benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. In 2018  PXT3003 completed a Phase III clinical trial  the PLEO-CMT trial  with encouraging topline results. This trial was followed by an open-label extension study  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  with 120 patients continuing treatment with PXT3003. Long-term data suggest a sustained benefit  safety  and efficacy  after 5 years of total trial time. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing with 387 CMT1A patients enrolled. PREMIER topline results are expected in Q4 2023. PXT3003 originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400GUN7).ContactsRelations Presse FinancièreACTUS finance & communicationDéborah Schwartzdschwartz@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 35 Relation InvestisseursACTUS finance & communicationJérôme Fabreguettes Leibpharnext@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 78This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lW6ekptvk27KmmmaZphsZ2WXmpxklpKdbJKZxmdpY5aWaG5nnW9ha5iaZnBqnmxm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79970-sen_meeting_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.1,0.61,True,English,"['Neuromuscular Diseases Study Group', 'upcoming Spring Meeting', 'Spanish Society', 'Pharnext Sa', 'Neurology', 'SEN', 'Dr. Germán Morís de la Tassa', 'Dr. Javier Granda Méndez', 'Contacts Relations Presse Financière', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes Leib', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'Hospital Universitario de Cabueñes', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pivotal Phase III clinical development', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'Euronext Growth Stock Exchange', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'high unmet medical need', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Neuromuscular Diseases Study Group', 'The Neuromuscular Diseases Group', 'The SEN Spring meeting', 'Hospital Universitario Central', 'open-label extension study', 'upcoming Spring Meeting', '2023 Spring meeting coordinators', 'medical education event', 'Déborah Schwartz', 'Sociedad Española', 'debilitating, inherited progressive', 'satisfactory therapeutic solutions', 'rare, debilitating, inherited', 'original press release', 'peripheral nervous system', 'neuromuscular diseases field', 'other risk factors', 'next press releases', 'total trial time', 'chronic peripheral neuropathy', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'PREMIER topline results', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Grupo de', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Reunión', 'Gijón', 'clinical cases', 'neuromuscular disorders', 'other releases', 'PREMIER trial', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial', 'novel therapeutics', 'Spanish Society', 'Enfermedades Neuromusculares', 'Neurología', 'current topics', 'special interest', 'lead candidate', 'novel therapies', 'drug candidate', 'drug status', 'United States', 'Long-term data', 'sustained benefit', 'ISIN code', 'Relation Investisseurs', 'More information', 'Regulated information', 'Neurology Service', 'financial reports', 'ACTUS finance', 'PXT3003 benefits', 'Pharnext SA', '387 CMT1A patients', '120 patients', 'PARIS', 'France', 'May', 'FR001400GUN7', 'ALPHA', 'support', 'organization', 'Primavera', 'Estudio', 'place', 'Spain', 'experts', 'attendees', '120 specialists', 'neurologists', 'members', 'dedication', 'Asturias', 'congress', 'website', 'class', 'Europe', 'encouraging', 'treatment', 'safety', 'efficacy', '5 years', 'Q4', 'attention', 'investors', 'communication', 'dschwartz', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '08:30']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARCADIS-NV-6328/news/Arcadis-shareholders-appoint-board-members-and-approve-dividend-43834628/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Arcadis' shareholders appoint board members and approve dividend,(marketscreener.com) Arcadis’ shareholders appoint board members and approve dividend Alan Brookes appointed as new Chief Executive Officer Michiel Lap reappointed to the Arcadis Supervisory Board for an additional two yearsBarbara Duganier appointed to the A…,Arcadis’ shareholders appoint board members and approve dividendAlan Brookes appointed as new Chief Executive Officer (CEO)Michiel Lap reappointed to the Arcadis Supervisory Board for an additional two yearsBarbara Duganier appointed to the Arcadis Supervisory Board for a four-year termShareholders approved the company's dividend proposal of €0.74 per ordinary shareAmsterdam 12 May 2023 – Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  the leading global Design and Consultancy organization for natural and built assets  confirms that all resolutions that were brought up for vote were adopted during its annual General Meeting earlier today.Alan Brookes has been appointed as CEO and Chair of the Executive Board of Arcadis for a period of four years and starts with immediate effect. Alan’s nomination was announced by the Supervisory Board on 27 October 2022  following the decision by outgoing CEO  Peter Oosterveer  to retire after six years.Since joining Arcadis in 2011 through the acquisition of EC Harris  Alan has established himself as an innovative leader and has been instrumental in the strategic and operational successes of the company. He brings significant international leadership experience  a strong commercial and operational background  and extensive understanding of the Arcadis business. As Chief Operating Officer since 2020  Alan has led Arcadis’ transformation to a global operating model including the creation of four Global Business Areas (Resilience  Mobility  Places and Intelligence). Prior to this role  Alan headed the EMEA operations  Arcadis’ largest segment at that time. He led the UK business from 2014 to 2018 and was pivotal in driving strong financial results and attracting and retaining key industry talent.Michiel Lap was reappointed to the Arcadis Supervisory Board for an additional two years. Michiel has been Chair of the Supervisory Board since May 2022  having joined the Board in 2015. In addition  Barbara Duganier was appointed to the Supervisory Board for a four-year term. Ms. Duganier brings extensive international consulting experience both as an executive and non-executive leader.Shareholders approved the company's dividend proposal of €0.74 per ordinary share  representing 33% of net income from operations in 2022. The proposal is in accordance with Arcadis’ dividend policy which aims for a pay-out of 30-40% of net income from operations.The voting outcome per agenda item will be published on the Arcadis website in the coming days.Michiel Lap  Chair of the Supervisory Board said:“On behalf of the Supervisory Board I want to thank Peter for his significant contribution to Arcadis. Under his leadership  Arcadis has successfully executed its strategy  invested in our people  grown our relationships with clients and transformed our business with new acquisitions and focus. He leaves Arcadis well positioned for further growth and value creation. I wish him the very best for a happy retirement.I am delighted to confirm Alan Brookes as Arcadis’ new CEO. Alan has significant experience in running international design and consultancy businesses and has been successful in transforming Arcadis to a global operating structure. His vision and focus both on people and performance make him the right successor to guide the company through its next chapter of profitable growth and success. I am also very pleased to welcome Barbara Duganier to the Supervisory Board: she brings invaluable expertise  among others  in deepening the relationship with large global clients.”Alan Brookes  Arcadis’ CEO said:“I am honored to have been appointed to lead Arcadis.Many of today’s issues and opportunities are global ones – climate change  the pace of technology  the evolution of skills and urbanization. Our world needs advisers and experts with a global mindset of innovation  sustainability  and the ability to combine human brilliance with digital intelligence. We have this in abundance at Arcadis  helping to create a future unlimited with opportunities for our business  our clients and the communities we serve.I have enjoyed working closely with Peter over the last six years and I am immensely grateful for his focus  determination  and support. I look forward to building on his legacy and further advancing our strategy to deliver solutions that will improve the quality of life for all.”ENDFINANCIAL CALENDAR16 May - Ex-dividend date17 May - Dividend Record date22 May - Dividend Payment dateARCADIS CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONSChris Wiggan | Mobile: +44 7966404889 | E-mail: chris.wiggan@arcadis.comARCADIS INVESTOR RELATIONSChristine Disch | Mobile: +31 6 15376020 | E-mail: christine.disch@arcadis.comABOUT ARCADISArcadis is the leading global design & consultancy organization for natural and built assets. We maximize impact for our clients and the communities they serve by providing effective solutions through sustainable outcomes  focus and scale  and digitalization. We are 36 000 people  active in more than 70 countries that generate €4.0 billion in gross revenues. We support UN-Habitat with knowledge and expertise to improve the quality of life in rapidly growing cities around the world. www.arcadis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"[""Arcadis' shareholders"", 'board members', 'extensive international consulting experience', 'four Global Business Areas', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'significant international leadership experience', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'annual General Meeting', 'global operating model', 'key industry talent', 'global operating structure', 'leading global Design', 'Dividend Record date', 'Dividend Payment date', 'additional two years', 'last six years', 'strong financial results', 'Arcadis’ dividend policy', 'ARCADIS CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS', 'ARCADIS INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'large global clients', 'Arcadis Supervisory Board', 'significant experience', 'international design', 'four years', 'extensive understanding', 'global mindset', 'significant contribution', 'new acquisitions', 'Ex-dividend date', 'strong commercial', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Executive Board', 'new CEO', 'executive leader', 'board members', 'Barbara Duganier', 'four-year term', 'ordinary share', 'Consultancy organization', 'built assets', 'immediate effect', 'EC Harris', 'innovative leader', 'operational successes', 'operational background', 'largest segment', 'UK business', 'Ms. Duganier', 'net income', 'voting outcome', 'agenda item', 'coming days', 'happy retirement', 'consultancy businesses', 'right successor', 'next chapter', 'invaluable expertise', 'climate change', 'human brilliance', 'sustainable outcomes', 'gross revenues', 'Michiel Lap', 'Arcadis business', 'Arcadis’ transformation', 'Arcadis website', 'outgoing CEO', 'value creation', 'profitable growth', 'digital intelligence', 'Chris Wiggan', 'Christine Disch', 'effective solutions', 'Alan Brookes', 'Peter Oosterveer', 'EMEA operations', 'Arcadis’ CEO', 'Arcadis’ shareholders', 'company', 'proposal', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'natural', 'resolutions', 'vote', 'Chair', 'period', 'nomination', '27 October', 'decision', 'strategic', 'Resilience', 'Mobility', 'Places', 'role', 'time', 'May', 'accordance', 'behalf', 'strategy', 'people', 'relationships', 'focus', 'vision', 'performance', 'others', 'today', 'issues', 'opportunities', 'pace', 'technology', 'evolution', 'skills', 'urbanization', 'world', 'advisers', 'experts', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'abundance', 'future', 'communities', 'determination', 'support', 'legacy', 'quality', 'life', 'Mobile', 'mail', 'impact', 'scale', 'digitalization', '70 countries', 'UN-Habitat', 'know']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2668024/0/en/Arcadis-shareholders-appoint-board-members-and-approve-dividend.html,Arcadis’ shareholders appoint board members and approve dividend,Arcadis’ shareholders appoint board members and approve dividend  Alan Brookes appointed as new Chief Executive Officer (CEO)Michiel Lap reappointed to...,Arcadis’ shareholders appoint board members and approve dividendAlan Brookes appointed as new Chief Executive Officer (CEO)Michiel Lap reappointed to the Arcadis Supervisory Board for an additional two yearsBarbara Duganier appointed to the Arcadis Supervisory Board for a four-year termShareholders approved the company's dividend proposal of €0.74 per ordinary shareAmsterdam 12 May 2023 – Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  the leading global Design and Consultancy organization for natural and built assets  confirms that all resolutions that were brought up for vote were adopted during its annual General Meeting earlier today.Alan Brookes has been appointed as CEO and Chair of the Executive Board of Arcadis for a period of four years and starts with immediate effect. Alan’s nomination was announced by the Supervisory Board on 27 October 2022  following the decision by outgoing CEO  Peter Oosterveer  to retire after six years.Since joining Arcadis in 2011 through the acquisition of EC Harris  Alan has established himself as an innovative leader and has been instrumental in the strategic and operational successes of the company. He brings significant international leadership experience  a strong commercial and operational background  and extensive understanding of the Arcadis business. As Chief Operating Officer since 2020  Alan has led Arcadis’ transformation to a global operating model including the creation of four Global Business Areas (Resilience  Mobility  Places and Intelligence). Prior to this role  Alan headed the EMEA operations  Arcadis’ largest segment at that time. He led the UK business from 2014 to 2018 and was pivotal in driving strong financial results and attracting and retaining key industry talent.Michiel Lap was reappointed to the Arcadis Supervisory Board for an additional two years. Michiel has been Chair of the Supervisory Board since May 2022  having joined the Board in 2015. In addition  Barbara Duganier was appointed to the Supervisory Board for a four-year term. Ms. Duganier brings extensive international consulting experience both as an executive and non-executive leader.Shareholders approved the company's dividend proposal of €0.74 per ordinary share  representing 33% of net income from operations in 2022. The proposal is in accordance with Arcadis’ dividend policy which aims for a pay-out of 30-40% of net income from operations.The voting outcome per agenda item will be published on the Arcadis website in the coming days.Michiel Lap  Chair of the Supervisory Board said:“On behalf of the Supervisory Board I want to thank Peter for his significant contribution to Arcadis. Under his leadership  Arcadis has successfully executed its strategy  invested in our people  grown our relationships with clients and transformed our business with new acquisitions and focus. He leaves Arcadis well positioned for further growth and value creation. I wish him the very best for a happy retirement.I am delighted to confirm Alan Brookes as Arcadis’ new CEO. Alan has significant experience in running international design and consultancy businesses and has been successful in transforming Arcadis to a global operating structure. His vision and focus both on people and performance make him the right successor to guide the company through its next chapter of profitable growth and success. I am also very pleased to welcome Barbara Duganier to the Supervisory Board: she brings invaluable expertise  among others  in deepening the relationship with large global clients.”Alan Brookes  Arcadis’ CEO said:“I am honored to have been appointed to lead Arcadis.Many of today’s issues and opportunities are global ones – climate change  the pace of technology  the evolution of skills and urbanization. Our world needs advisers and experts with a global mindset of innovation  sustainability  and the ability to combine human brilliance with digital intelligence. We have this in abundance at Arcadis  helping to create a future unlimited with opportunities for our business  our clients and the communities we serve.I have enjoyed working closely with Peter over the last six years and I am immensely grateful for his focus  determination  and support. I look forward to building on his legacy and further advancing our strategy to deliver solutions that will improve the quality of life for all.”ENDFINANCIAL CALENDAR16 May - Ex-dividend date17 May - Dividend Record date22 May - Dividend Payment dateARCADIS CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONSChris Wiggan | Mobile: +44 7966404889 | E-mail: chris.wiggan@arcadis.comARCADIS INVESTOR RELATIONSChristine Disch | Mobile: +31 6 15376020 | E-mail: christine.disch@arcadis.comABOUT ARCADISArcadis is the leading global design & consultancy organization for natural and built assets. We maximize impact for our clients and the communities they serve by providing effective solutions through sustainable outcomes  focus and scale  and digitalization. We are 36 000 people  active in more than 70 countries that generate €4.0 billion in gross revenues. We support UN-Habitat with knowledge and expertise to improve the quality of life in rapidly growing cities around the world. www.arcadis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Arcadis’ shareholders', 'board members', 'extensive international consulting experience', 'four Global Business Areas', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'significant international leadership experience', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'annual General Meeting', 'global operating model', 'key industry talent', 'global operating structure', 'leading global Design', 'Dividend Record date', 'Dividend Payment date', 'additional two years', 'last six years', 'strong financial results', 'Arcadis’ dividend policy', 'ARCADIS CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS', 'ARCADIS INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'large global clients', 'Arcadis Supervisory Board', 'significant experience', 'international design', 'four years', 'extensive understanding', 'global mindset', 'significant contribution', 'new acquisitions', 'Ex-dividend date', 'strong commercial', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Executive Board', 'new CEO', 'executive leader', 'board members', 'Barbara Duganier', 'four-year term', 'ordinary share', 'Consultancy organization', 'built assets', 'immediate effect', 'EC Harris', 'innovative leader', 'operational successes', 'operational background', 'largest segment', 'UK business', 'Ms. Duganier', 'net income', 'voting outcome', 'agenda item', 'coming days', 'happy retirement', 'consultancy businesses', 'right successor', 'next chapter', 'invaluable expertise', 'climate change', 'human brilliance', 'sustainable outcomes', 'gross revenues', 'Michiel Lap', 'Arcadis business', 'Arcadis’ transformation', 'Arcadis website', 'outgoing CEO', 'value creation', 'profitable growth', 'digital intelligence', 'Chris Wiggan', 'Christine Disch', 'effective solutions', 'Alan Brookes', 'Peter Oosterveer', 'EMEA operations', 'Arcadis’ CEO', 'Arcadis’ shareholders', 'company', 'proposal', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'natural', 'resolutions', 'vote', 'Chair', 'period', 'nomination', '27 October', 'decision', 'strategic', 'Resilience', 'Mobility', 'Places', 'role', 'time', 'May', 'accordance', 'behalf', 'strategy', 'people', 'relationships', 'focus', 'vision', 'performance', 'others', 'today', 'issues', 'opportunities', 'pace', 'technology', 'evolution', 'skills', 'urbanization', 'world', 'advisers', 'experts', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'abundance', 'future', 'communities', 'determination', 'support', 'legacy', 'quality', 'life', 'Mobile', 'mail', 'impact', 'scale', 'digitalization', '70 countries', 'UN-Habitat', 'know']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43825970/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 11 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0842 £ 23.9430 Estimated MTD return 0.05 % 0.10 % Estimated YTD return -2.47 % -1.98 % Estimated ITD return 170.84 % 139.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.64 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.4928 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.8504The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43825971/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 11 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0842 £ 23.9430 Estimated MTD return 0.05 % 0.10 % Estimated YTD return -2.47 % -1.98 % Estimated ITD return 170.84 % 139.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.64 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.4928 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.8504The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DISRUPTIVE-CAPITAL-ACQUIS-127886492/news/DCAC-announces-adjournment-to-EGM-and-Class-Meetings-updates-to-Shareholder-Circular-and-updates-t-43834435/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,DCAC announces adjournment to EGM and Class Meetings  updates to Shareholder Circular and updates to proxy forms,(marketscreener.com) NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGUL…,NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS.THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION.DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED(“DCAC” or the “Company”)in respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XZ39) DCAC Public Warrant Holders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XY22)DCAC announces adjournment to EGM and Class Meetings  updates to Shareholder Circular and updates to proxy forms12 May 2023As referenced in the press release dated 10 May 2023 ( DCAC announces update to Business Combination Arrangements (globenewswire.com) )  it was resolved at the relevant meetings held in each case on 12 May 2023 to adjourn the EGM  the DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting  the DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting and the DCAC Warrant Holder Meetings and to reconvene such meetings for 18 May 2023 at the following times and place:The adjourned EGM will be held at 10:00 BST on 18 May 2023 at First Floor  10 Lefebvre Street  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 2PE.The adjourned DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting will be held at 10:15 BST on 18 May 2023 2023 at First Floor  10 Lefebvre Street  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 2PE.The adjourned DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting will be held at 10:30 BST on 18 May 2023 at First Floor  10 Lefebvre Street  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 2PE.The adjourned DCAC Warrant Holder Meeting will be held at 10:45 BST on 18 May 2023 at First Floor  10 Lefebvre Street  St Peter Port  Guernsey GY1 2PE.Voting and Proxy FormsRevised Forms of Proxy have been posted on www.disruptivecapital.com which reflect the removal of resolution 9 (appointment of Michael Ridley as director of the Company) as more particularly referenced in the press release dated 10 May 2023  and which address typographical errors identified in the Forms of Proxy enclosed with the Shareholder Circular dated 20 April 2023. For the avoidance of doubt  DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders do not need to resend any proxy forms for any votes cast prior to the publication of this press release if they do not wish to change their votes cast. If they wish to change their voting intention  then a new proxy should be submitted. The times and dates by which the relevant Form of Proxy is to be received in each case by the Company is as set out below:The white Form of Proxy (enclosed with the Shareholder Circular) in respect of the EGM must be received by 10:00 BST on 16 May 2023  being no later than 48 hours before the time appointed for the adjourned EGM.The green Form of Proxy (enclosed with the Shareholder Circular) in respect of the DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting must be received by 10:15 BST on 16 May 2023  being no later than 48 hours before the time appointed for the adjourned DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting.The yellow Form of Proxy (enclosed with the Shareholder Circular) in respect of the DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting must be received by 10:30 BST on 16 May 2023  being no later than 48 hours before the time appointed for the adjourned DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting.The blue Form of Proxy (enclosed with the Shareholder Circular) in respect of the DCAC Warrant Holder Meeting must be received by 10:45 BST on 16 May 2023  being no later than 48 hours before the time appointed for the adjourned DCAC Warrant Holder Meeting.Updates to Shareholder CircularThe Shareholder Circular dated 20 April 2023 reflecting the updates to the Business Combination arrangements as of 12 May 2023 is published on the Company's website and is attached to this press release.About DCACDCAC is a special purpose acquisition company (“SPAC”) incorporated on 29 April 2021 under the Companies Law as a non-cellular company limited by shares.DCAC was created for the purpose of completing a merger  amalgamation  share exchange  asset and/or liability acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with a target business or entity.DCAC's leadership team comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer); non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director)  and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director); and special advisers: Dimitri Goulandris  Kari Stadigh and Luke Webster.DCAC was launched by Disruptive Capital GP Limited  a Guernsey investment firm licensed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission to carry on controlled investment business under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law  2020.Disruptive Capital GP was founded by Edmund Truell and his late brother  Daniel Truell  former CIO of the Wellcome Trust charitable endowment. Following his death  the firm is now owned by the de Boucaud Truell Inter-Generational FLP and the Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  set up to ‘make money for charity by being good investors’.The initial public offering (“IPO”) of DCAC took place on 6 October 2021. DCAC successfully completed the DCAC IPO  raising £125 million from new investors. Pursuant to a complex reorganisation  some £130 million of value has and is being returned to shareholders. The Company now holds some £4.45 million in cash  post settlement of the share repurchases deemed valid  and having met all its outstanding liabilities.DCAC first announced proposals for the Business Combination on 20th February 2023.The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants are currently separately listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam under the ISIN GG00BMB5XZ39 and symbol DCACS for the DCAC Ordinary Shares and ISIN GG00BMB5XY22 and symbol DCACW for the DCAC Warrants.A copy of the press release is available on the DCAC website (www.disruptivecapitalac.com).PRESS AND INVESTOR INFORMATIONFor more information  please contact:Company enquiries to:disruptive@admina.ggRegistered officeFirst Floor  10 Lefebvre StreetSt Peter PortGuernsey GY1 2PEMedia inquiries to:James Culverhouse EQJames.culverhouse@eqcorp.co+44 20 7223 1100 / +44 7912 508 322Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['Class Meetings', 'Shareholder Circular', 'proxy forms', 'DCAC', 'adjournment', 'EGM', 'updates', 'DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting', 'DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting', 'DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'Disruptive Capital GP Limited', 'Wellcome Trust charitable endowment', 'DCAC Warrant Holder Meeting', 'DCAC Public Warrant Holders', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'DCAC Warrant Holders', 'St Peter Port', 'Roger Le Tissier', 'Business Combination Arrangements', 'similar business combination', 'controlled investment business', 'APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Guernsey investment firm', 'Guernsey GY1 2PE', 'The Shareholder Circular', 'Independent Non-Executive Director', 'Class Meetings', 'liability acquisition', 'DCAC Shareholders', 'special advisers', 'target business', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'executive directors', 'relevant meetings', 'non-cellular company', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'ISIN Code', 'First Floor', '10 Lefebvre Street', 'Michael Ridley', 'typographical errors', 'relevant Form', 'white Form', 'green Form', 'yellow Form', 'blue Form', 'leadership team', 'Edmund Truell', 'Wolf Becke', 'Dimitri Goulandris', 'Kari Stadigh', 'Luke Webster', 'late brother', 'Daniel Truell', 'former CIO', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Revised Forms', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'following times', 'voting intention', 'Companies Law', 'share exchange', 'new proxy', 'proxy forms', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', 'REGULATIONS', 'FAILURE', 'RESTRICTIONS', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'respect', 'adjournment', 'EGM', 'updates', 'May', 'case', 'place', '10:00 BST', 'removal', 'resolution', 'appointment', 'April', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'votes', 'publication', 'website', 'SPAC', 'shares', 'merger', 'amalgamation', 'asset', 'purchase', 'reorganisation', 'entity', 'Chair', 'Protection', 'Investors', 'Bailiwick', 'death', '10:15', '10:30', '10:45', '48']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CEMENTIR-HOLDING-N-V-76193/news/Cementir-N-Interim-Financial-Report-at-31-March-2023-43827583/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Cementir N : Interim Financial Report at 31 March 2023,(marketscreener.com)   INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT 31 MARCH 2023        Cementir Holding N.V.     Share capital: € 159.120.000       VAT number: 02158501003 ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CEMENTIR-HOLDING-N-V-76193/news/Ceme…,"As of the date of approval of the interim report at 31 March 2023.INTRODUCTIONThis Interim Financial Report refers to the Cementir Group's consolidated financial statements as at 31 March 2023  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.As of April 2022  the Turkish economy is considered hyperinflationary according to the criteria set out in ""IAS 29-Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies"".For the purpose of preparing this Interim Financial Report and in accordance with the provisions of IAS 29  certain items on the balance sheets of investee companies in Türkiye have been re-measured by applying the general consumer price index to historical data; this makes it possible to reflect changes in the purchasing power of the Turkish Lira as of the reporting date of the investees themselves.This report was prepared on the basis of the going concern assumption.It is noted that this Interim Financial Report is unaudited.GROUP PROFILECementir Holding N.V. is a multinational company with registered office in the Netherlands  listed on the Euronext Star Milan segment  operating in the building materials sector and focused on four main business lines: grey cement  white cement  ready-mixed concrete and aggregates. With more than 3 000 employees  Cementir is the world leader in the niche white cement segment  the leading cement producer in Denmark and ready-mixed concrete producer in the Scandinavian region  the third in Belgium and among the leading international players in Türkiye  with two companies listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange. In Belgium  the Group operates one of the largest aggregate quarries in Europe while in Türkiye and the United Kingdom it operates in the treatment of municipal and industrial waste  producing fuel from waste for cement plants.Cementir pursues a strategy of sustainable growth  focusing on product leadership  the pursuit of excellence and the efficiency of operational processes. In the last two years  the Group has received notable ESG awards  including the validation of the 2030 decarbonisation targets by the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) and an A- rating from CDP. The Group also achieved an investment grade BBB- financial rating with a stable outlook from Standard & Poor's.Since 1992  Cementir has been part of the Caltagirone Group  one of the leading private business groups in Italy with activities in the residential construction  infrastructure  publishing  real estate and finance sectors.GROUP PERFORMANCETÜRKIYE - HYPERINFLATED ECONOMY: IMPACTS OF THE APPLICATION OF IAS 29As of April 2022  the Turkish economy is considered hyperinflationary according to the criteria set out in ""IAS 29-Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies"".The accounting effects of this adjustment  in addition to already being reflected in the opening balance sheet as of 1 January 2023  incorporate the changes for the period. In particular  the effect related to the remeasurement of non-monetary assets and liabilities  equity items  and income statement items recognised in 2023 was recognised in a separate income statement item under financial income and expenses. The related tax effect of non-cash assets was recognised in taxes for the period.To take into account the impact of hyperinflation also on the local currency exchange rate  profit and loss account balances expressed in hyperinflationary currencies have been converted into euro  the Cementir",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Interim Financial Report', 'Cementir N', '31 March', 'investment grade BBB- financial rating', 'general consumer price index', 'four main business lines', 'Science Based Target initiative', 'Euronext Star Milan segment', 'local currency exchange rate', 'leading private business groups', 'separate income statement item', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'Cementir Holding N.V.', 'leading international players', 'Istanbul Stock Exchange', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Dutch Civil Code', 'going concern assumption', 'building materials sector', 'largest aggregate quarries', 'notable ESG awards', 'last two years', 'opening balance sheet', 'income statement items', 'Interim Financial Report', 'white cement segment', 'leading cement producer', 'IAS 29-Financial Reporting', 'related tax effect', 'loss account balances', 'financial income', 'A- rating', 'interim report', 'balance sheets', 'reporting date', 'concrete producer', 'two companies', 'grey cement', 'cement plants', 'Turkish economy', 'Hyperinflationary Economies', 'investee companies', 'Türkiye', 'historical data', 'purchasing power', 'Turkish Lira', 'multinational company', 'world leader', 'Scandinavian region', 'United Kingdom', 'sustainable growth', 'product leadership', 'operational processes', '2030 decarbonisation targets', 'stable outlook', 'Standard & Poor', 'residential construction', 'real estate', 'finance sectors', 'HYPERINFLATED ECONOMY', 'accounting effects', 'monetary assets', 'equity items', 'cash assets', 'hyperinflationary currencies', 'GROUP PROFILE', 'The Group', 'Caltagirone Group', 'GROUP PERFORMANCE', 'industrial waste', 'Cementir Group', 'approval', '31 March', 'INTRODUCTION', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'Part', 'Book', 'April', 'criteria', 'purpose', 'provisions', 'changes', 'investees', 'basis', 'office', 'Netherlands', 'aggregates', '3,000 employees', 'Denmark', 'Belgium', 'Europe', 'treatment', 'municipal', 'fuel', 'strategy', 'pursuit', 'excellence', 'efficiency', 'validation', 'SBTi', 'CDP', 'Italy', 'activities', 'infrastructure', 'publishing', 'IMPACTS', 'APPLICATION', 'adjustment', 'addition', '1 January', 'period', 'remeasurement', 'liabilities', 'expenses', 'taxes', 'profit', '2023']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-as-at-30-April-2023-43834693/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value as at 30 April 2023,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited – April 2023 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  Attachment  Volta - Monthly Report April   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – April 2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  12 May 2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for April 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYVolta Finance’s performance in April was +3.02%; a solid return which confirmed that CLOs are relatively immune to the recent issues of the banking sector. The performance also stands at strong +8.9% year to date  a very good start for 2023.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follows: +3.8% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +3.4% for CLO Equity tranches  +2.0% for CLO Debt tranches and +9.1% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (which represent circa 2.0% of the fund’s NAV).As hinted just above  the performances of all Volta’s sub-asset classes confirmed our view that those have no direct connections with the recent issues that shook the banking segment. We believe that the Credit Suisse situation was very specific hence would not lead to a wider contagion in Europe. We also believed that even though we may occasionally see some US regional banks in need of a rescue plan - most likely of far smaller size than SVB or First Republic - we shall not expect any domino effect in the US financial system either.Looking at the macro implications of the above  our view is still that we may see US regional banks pushed to reduce some of the support they used to provide to specific businesses in the quarters/years to come. The areas under most scrutiny seem to be the CRE one as well as local/small businesses and it is reasonable to expect that a reduction in financial support will impact access to credit for these players. It may marginally increase the overall cost of credit for a substantial chunk of the US economy although we expect this to be partially offset by lower-than-expected interest rates.In the end  the impacts for loans (those are broadly syndicated credits and do not depending on US regional banks) could be neutral: on one hand pressure from higher cost of credit but on the other hand the FED may stop hiking rates in May thus reducing the pressure from interest rate hikes on interest coverage ratios.We still consider that the most likely scenario for 2023 is to close the year with higher but manageable default rates: from current 0.6% in Europe and 1.3% in the US at the end of April toward something in the 1/1.5% context for European loans and 2/2.5% for US loans. The levels  even modestly higher levels  may not cause any issue for CLO Equity quarterly payments (no interruption/diversion of payments in 2023 and most probably in 2024 as well).Except for one deal that we did in April  with a significant rebate regarding the price we paid  all Volta CLO Equity are from pre-Ukrainian invasion vintages  the vast majority of them were refinanced/reset in 2021 and benefit from a cheap cost of leverage (in the 170bps area  relative to close to 300bps for the most recent CLOs). This cheap cost of leverage is the main driver of Volta quarterly cashflows and future performances.In April  Volta received the equivalent of €10.3m of interests and coupons. Through the last 6 months  Volta received €23.4m of interests and coupons  ie. a 20.5% annualized cash flow to NAV.In April  we purchased one USD CLO Equity position as well as the BB tranche of the same deal (for a total of $9.4m)  plus the BB and the B tranche of a European CLO (for a total of €2.2m). Those debt tranches were purchased with projected IRR between 12.5 and 15% while the CLO Equity tranche was purchased with a projected IRR in the 13%. The Equity position was purchased under the assumption that such projected return will be significantly improved in 18/24 months when being able to reset the transaction with a lower cost of leverage.As at the end of April 2023  Volta’s NAV was €227.7m or €6.22 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 10.23% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 3.73% as at 14 April 2023  6.04% as at 31 March 2023  0.46% as at 31 December 2022.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 623 professionals and €817 billion in assets under management as of the end of September 2022.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.21,0.35,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '30 April', 'underlying sub asset classes monthly performances', 'one USD CLO Equity position', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'CLO Equity quarterly payments', 'The Equity position', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'interest rate hikes', 'interest coverage ratios', 'Ukrainian invasion vintages', 'residual currency effects', 'expected interest rates', 'manageable default rates', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'US regional banks', 'Volta CLO Equity', 'Volta quarterly cashflows', '20.5% annualized cash flow', 'US financial system', 'one hand pressure', 'Credit Suisse situation', 'April 2023 monthly report', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'sub-asset classes', 'one deal', 'European CLO', 'other hand', 'hiking rates', 'future performances', 'cross-currency rates', 'US economy', 'full report', 'B tranche', 'US loans', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'recent issues', 'banking sector', 'good start', 'direct connections', 'banking segment', 'wider contagion', 'rescue plan', 'smaller size', 'First Republic', 'domino effect', 'macro implications', 'specific businesses', 'most scrutiny', 'local/small businesses', 'financial support', 'overall cost', 'substantial chunk', '1/1.5% context', 'significant rebate', 'vast majority', 'cheap cost', '170bps area', 'main driver', 'last 6 months', 'same deal', '18/24 months', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'higher cost', 'European loans', 'Corporate Credit', 'solid return', 'recent CLOs', 'lower cost', 'period ends', 'month-end date', 'higher levels', 'NAV information', 'BB', '14 April', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'Guernsey', '12 May', 'Company', 'website', 'ACTIVITY', 'ABS', 'fund', 'view', 'need', 'SVB', 'quarters/years', 'areas', 'reduction', 'access', 'players', 'impacts', 'credits', 'FED', 'scenario', 'current 0.', 'something', 'interruption', 'diversion', 'price', 'leverage', '300bps', 'equivalent', 'interests', 'coupons', 'total', 'IRR', 'assumption', 'share', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'timely', 'basis', '31 March', '31 December', 'Dietz-performance', 'assets', 'bucket', 'account', 'Mark', 'changes', 'agg']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOSCANA-AEROPORTI-S-P-A-286990/news/Toscana-Aeroporti-S-p-A-The-Board-of-Directors-approves-the-Interim-Financial-Report-at-31-March-2-43834787/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Toscana Aeroporti S p A : The Board of Directors approves the Interim Financial Report at 31 March 2023,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT   AT 31 MARCH 2023   Consolidated results at March 31  2023:    1.3 million passengers handled by the Tuscan Airport System in the first quarte…,PRESS RELEASE THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT AT 31 MARCH 2023 Consolidated results at March 31  2023: 1.3 million passengers handled by the Tuscan Airport System in the first quarter of the year: +61.3% compared to the same period of 2022 and equal to 91.3% of the traffic for the first three months of 2019 (pre-Covid period)(pre-Covid period) Operating revenues: million  up 58.6% million at March 31  2022). - EBITDA was positive for million  improving by million compared to a negative million for the first quarter of 2022. - The net result for the period was negative for million  improving compared to a net loss of million at March 31  2022. - Net financial debt: million at March 31  2023  compared to million at December 31  2022 and million at March 31  2022. Passenger traffic increased by +25.6% in April compared to same month of 2022 and recovered by 98.1% on 2019 (pre-Covid period). Co-option of a new member of the Board of Directors Integration of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee Florence  May 12  2023 The Board of Directors of Toscana Aeroporti S.p.A. Toscana Aeroportithe Companyan Italian company listed on Euronext Milan of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which manages Florence and Pisa airports met today to examine and approve the Interim Financial Report at March 31  2023. Toscana Aeroporti Chairman Marco Carrai stated: traffic continued to grow  increasingly shrinking the gap with the 2019 pre-Covidlevels. In the first quarter of the year  traditionally impacted by seasonal trends  operating and financial performance sharply improved compared to the same period of the previous year. Despite the persistence of several uncertainties in the geopolitical and macroeconomic context  the results achieved and the destinations announced for the Passenger and cargo traffic results at March 31  2023 In the first quarter of the year  the Tuscan Airport System handled a total of 1.3 million passengers  with a 61.3% increase compared to the same period of 2022 (impacted by the spread of the Omicron variant) and a 91.3% recovery on 2019. As the Tuscan Airport System is characterized by a strong prevalence of incoming international tourism  the easing of restrictions on passenger mobility from and to EU and non-EU countries led to a higher growth in the international commercial traffic (+84.9%) than in the national one (+17.7%). In the first quarter of the year  total flights improved sharply (+24.3%)  as did the load factor of scheduled traffic (+14.1 percentage points)  which went from 67.4% at March 31  2022 to 81.5% for the same period of 2023  exceeding the 2019 pre-Covid level (80.9%). With 3 362 tons of carried goods and mail  cargo traffic declined by 13.9% compared to 2022  but rose by 9.3% on the 2019 pre-Covid period. 1Pisa Galileo Galilei airport At March 31  2023  Pisa airport handled over 800 thousand passengers  with a 43.2% increase compared to 2022 and a 91.7% recovery on the 2019 pre-Covid period. This result  attributable to the easing of mobility restrictions in several foreign countries  confirmed a higher growth in the international commercial passenger traffic (+77.3% compared to 2022) than in the national component (+5.4%)  within a context where international traffic accounted for 65.1% of total traffic. Moreover  a positive performance was reported in terms of both total flights (+11.6%) and the 84.0% load factor of scheduled traffic (+15.5 percentage points)  the latter gradually closing the gap with the 2019 pre-Covid level of 84.2%. Italy ranked first among Pisa airport's markets  accounting for 34.9% of total traffic  followed by the United Kingdom (14.1% of total traffic)  Spain (12.5%) and Albania (7.7%). With 3 318 tons of carried goods and mail  cargo traffic declined by 13.6% at March 31  2023 compared to 2022  but rose by 10.0% on the 2019 pre-Covid year. Florence Amerigo Vespucci airport In the first quarter of the year  Florence airport handled approximately 500 thousand passengers  with a 105.8% increase compared to March 31  2022 and a 90.6% recovery compared to the same 2019 pre-Covid period. A robust growth was reported by both international (+95.3%) and national (+392.8%) passenger traffic  in a context where the international component accounted for 90.8% of total traffic. Growth in the period was driven by the positive performance of total flights (+41.5%) and the 77.4% load factor of scheduled traffic (+12.7 percentage points)  with the latter also exceeding the 2019 pre- France (26.8% of total traffic)  Spain (17.7%) and Germany (15.3%). Consolidated operating results It bears recalling that the Tuscan Airport System's traffic volumes are traditionally impacted by seasonal trends  with peaks in the summer season that negatively impact the profitability margins of the first quarter of the year. It should also be noted that  in compliance with IFRS 5  the Income Statement of the business line sold does not contribute to any of the cost and revenue lines of the result for the period  but is reported in a specific line of the Income Statement  i.e.  income from assets sold or held for Accordingly  the financial indicators for the first quarter of 2022 were restated following the sale of 80% of Toscana Aeroporti Handling S.r.l.  finalized on December 30  2022. Total revenues million for the same period of 2022. In detail: Operating revenues first quarter of 2023. In detail:  March 31  2022  as a result of the higher traffic handled in the period. Non- the first quarter of 2022. The higher traffic handled had positive effects on Non- thousand; +31.6%) and Rent-a- 2 Other revenues thousand at March 31  2022  chiefly due to the operations of the subsidiary Toscana -back of subco - Revenues from construction services  directly connected with the investments made first quarter of 2022. Total costs at March same period of 2022. In detail: Operating costs 2022  growing (+35.8%) less than the increase recorded by operating revenues. In detail  the change was chiefly due to higher service (+47.6%) and personnel costs (+17.6%) associated with the increased traffic compared to the first quarter of 2022. The main changes referred to costs attributable to the operations of the subsidiary Toscanaby Ot2022  growing (+35.8%) less than the increase recorded by operating revenues. In detail  the change was chiefly due to higher service (+47.6%) and personnel costs (+17.6%) associated with the increased traffic compared to the first quarter of 2022. The main changes referred to costs attributable to the operations of the subsidiary Toscana by Ot Costs from construction services the previous revenue item. As a consequence of the foregoing  EBITDA Depreciation  amortization .4 million overall  down 1.8% compared to the same period of 2022. EBIT tive 2023. thousand compared to 2022 accrued on outstanding loans. PBT of 2022. Result from ope Net income from assets sold or held for sale  equal to zero in the first quarter of the year  2022 due to the net income of the business line sold. The G net result at March 31  2023 was negative for million  improving by million compared to a net loss of million for the same period of 2022. Investments and financial results The overall investments at March 31  2023 amounted to million  essentially referring to the upgrade and expansion of Pisa terminal and the update of 3Florence Master Plan  as well as to the new self-service bag drop systems at both airports. Net Financial Debt was million in the first quarter of the year  compared to million at December 31  2022 and million at March 31  2022. Cash outflows for the period were mainly attributable to the outstanding loan repayment and to operating activities. The Debt/Equity ratio was 0.93 at March 31  2023. Adjusted net financial debt  i.e.  net of deferred payment commitments for acquisitions and right-of-use financial liabilities  amounted to million in the first quarter of 2023 compared to million at December 31  2022 and million at March 31  2022. Significant events occurred after March 31  2023 Passenger traffic results in April 2023 In April 2023  Florence and Pisa airports handled 724 015 passengers  with a 25.6% increase compared to the same period of 2022 and a 98.1% recovery on 2019. In particular  passenger traffic at Florence airport grew both on April 2022 (+38.4%) and  for the first time after the pandemic  on April 2019 (+5.5%). Passenger traffic at Pisa airport also grew on April 2022 (+19.1%) and continued its recovery on 2019 (94.2% of the April 2019 traffic). Main news on the operations of Pisa airport In the 2023 summer season  Ryanair will connect Pisa airport to 54 destinations  including the new flights to Birmingham  Copenhagen and Kos. FlyDubai  a low-cost airline of the United Arab Emirates  with intercontinental connection with Dubai  will increase its operations at Pisa airport passing from 3 to 4 flights a week. Moreover  Aegean Airlines will resume its connections with Athens  Air Baltic with Riga  Air Lingus with Dublin  Jet2.com with Leeds-Bradford and Birmingham  Volotea with Nantes and Olbia. In the summer season  Air Arabia Maroc will increase the number of its flights to Casablanca  as will do Transavia to Amsterdam and Albawings to Tirana. The destination list is rounded off by easyJet  which added its flights to Amsterdam and Berlin. Main news on the operations of Florence airport In the 2023 summer season  Volotea will connect Florence airport to 12 destinations  including Bilbao  Bordeaux  Lion  Marseille  Olbia  Palermo and Toulouse. British Airways will resume its connection to Edinburgh and will launch its new daily connection to London Heathrow on April 16. Ita Airways will increase its operations to Rome  as will do Widerøe to Bergen  which will also activate the new flight to Oslo Torp  and SAS to Copenhagen  in addition to the new connections with Oslo and Stockholm Arlanda. The Spanish airline Vueling will operate new flights to Düsseldorf and Bari. Moreover  Air Serbia will make its debut at Florence airport  operating a connection to Belgrade twice a week as of May 20  2023. Outlook In the first four months of 2023  the Tuscan Airport System handled a total of approximately 2 million passengers  up +46.5% compared to the same period of 2022  but still at -6.4% below the 2019 pre-pandemic levels. A traffic level nearing the 2019 pre-Covid volume is expected for 2023  with the ensuing recovery of operations and margins  despite a context of international tensions triggered by the still ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict  which could impact passenger mobility. 4,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.08,0.28,True,English,"['Toscana Aeroporti S', 'Interim Financial Report', 'The', 'Board', 'Directors', '31 March', 'Toscana Aeroporti S.p.A. Toscana Aeroportithe Companyan Italian company', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Toscana Aeroporti Chairman Marco Carrai', 'Florence Amerigo Vespucci airport', 'international commercial passenger traffic', 'incoming international tourism', 'INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT', 'Tuscan Airport System', 'Galileo Galilei airport', 'international commercial traffic', 'first three months', 'Net financial debt', 'several foreign countries', 'Consolidated operating results', 'cargo traffic results', 'international traffic', 'international component', 'Consolidated results', 'financial performance', 'Florence airport', 'several uncertainties', 'net loss', 'passenger mobility', 'Pisa airport', 'first quarter', 'scheduled traffic', 'traffic volumes', 'PRESS RELEASE', '1.3 million passengers', 'Operating revenues', 'same month', 'new member', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Euronext Milan', 'seasonal trends', 'Omicron variant', 'strong prevalence', 'EU countries', 'national one', 'load factor', '14.1 percentage points', 'Covid level', '800 thousand passengers', 'positive performance', 'United Kingdom', '500 thousand passengers', 'same 2019 pre', '7 percentage points', '2019 pre- France', 'summer season', 'profitability margins', 'Income Statement', 'business line', 'revenue lines', 'specific line', 'total traffic', 'total flights', 'same period', 'Covid period', 'higher growth', 'robust growth', 'net result', 'mobility restrictions', 'macroeconomic context', 'previous year', 'Covid year', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', '31 MARCH', 'EBITDA', 'December', 'April', 'option', 'Integration', 'Appointments', 'gap', '2019 pre-Covidlevels', 'persistence', 'geopolitical', 'destinations', '61.3% increase', 'spread', '91.3% recovery', 'easing', '3,362 tons', 'goods', 'mail', '43.2% increase', '91.7% recovery', 'terms', 'Italy', 'markets', 'Spain', 'Albania', '3,318 tons', '105.8% increase', '90.6% recovery', 'Germany', 'peaks', 'compliance', 'IFRS', 'cost', '10.0']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2667568/0/en/Press-Release-Nirsevimab-delivers-83-reduction-in-RSV-infant-hospitalizations-in-a-real-world-clinical-trial-setting.html,Press Release: Nirsevimab delivers 83% reduction in RSV infant hospitalizations in a real-world clinical trial setting,Nirsevimab delivers 83% reduction in RSV infant hospitalizations in a real-world clinical trial setting      HARMONIE Phase 3b data reinforce...,English FrenchNirsevimab delivers 83% reduction in RSV infant hospitalizations in a real-world clinical trial settingHARMONIE Phase 3b data reinforce nirsevimab’s consistent and high efficacy against infant hospitalizations due to RSVData presented at ESPID add to the body of evidence demonstrating nirsevimab’s protection against RSV-related lower respiratory tract disease (LRTD) and confirm its favorable safety profile in multi-country  real-world conditionsParis  May 12  2023. New data from the HARMONIE Phase 3b clinical trial show an 83.21% (95% CI 67.77 to 92.04; P<0.001) reduction in hospitalizations due to RSV-related LRTD in infants under 12 months of age who received a single dose of nirsevimab  compared to infants who received no RSV intervention.1The Hospitalized RSV Monoclonal Antibody Prevention (HARMONIE) study is a large  multi-country European interventional clinical trial aiming to determine the efficacy and safety of a single intramuscular dose of nirsevimab  with data collected in a real-world setting during the 2022-2023 RSV season.1 The trial recruited more than 8 000 infants and took place at nearly 250 sites across France  Germany and the United Kingdom. The data from HARMONIE were presented at the 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases (ESPID).Thomas TriompheExecutive Vice President  Vaccines  Sanofi“This winter saw higher rates of RSV-related infant hospitalizations than during pandemic or pre-pandemic years. The HARMONIE data demonstrate the real-world impact nirsevimab has on pediatric hospitalizations  and illustrate its importance for infants  their families and public health.”Dr Simon DrysdaleConsultant Pediatrician in Infectious Diseases at St. George’s University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and Co-Chief Investigator of HARMONIE“RSV-related chest infections lead to high numbers of infants under 12 months old being hospitalized every year. These data reinforce the potential public health benefit of nirsevimab in terms of helping to reduce the strain on hospitals caused each year by RSV.”The data from HARMONIE also show that nirsevimab reduced the incidence of hospitalizations due to severe RSV-related LRTD (patients whose oxygen level is under 90% and require oxygen supplementation) by 75.71% (95% CI 32.75 to 92.91; P<0.001).1Additionally  nirsevimab demonstrated a reduction of 58.04% (95% CI 39.69 to 71.19; P<0.001) in the incidence of all-cause LRTD hospitalization compared to infants who received no RSV intervention.1 This means the overall burden on healthcare systems could be reduced significantly if all infants receive nirsevimab. RSV-related direct medical costs  globally — including hospital  outpatient and follow-up care — were estimated at €4.82 billion in 2017.2Throughout HARMONIE  nirsevimab maintained a favorable safety profile  consistent with the pivotal trial results.About RSVRSV is the most common cause of LRTD  including bronchiolitis and pneumonia  in infants.5-8 It is also a leading cause of hospitalization in all infants  with most hospitalizations for RSV occurring in healthy infants born at term.9-12 Globally  in 2019  there were approximately 33 million cases of acute lower respiratory infections leading to more than three million hospitalizations  and it was estimated that there were 26 300 in-hospital deaths of children younger than five years.12About HARMONIEThe Hospitalized RSV Monoclonal Antibody Prevention (HARMONIE) study is a large European interventional clinical trial aiming to determine the efficacy and safety of a single intramuscular (IM) dose of nirsevimab (<5 kg 50 mg; ≥5 kg 100 mg)  compared to no intervention (standard of care)  for the prevention of hospitalizations due to RSV-related LRTD in infants under 12 months of age who are not eligible to receive palivizumab.Sanofi and academic investigators worked together to design and deliver HARMONIE with digital solutions to minimize the burden on families  site staff and health systems. The trial opened at nearly 250 sites  supported by National Institute of Health Research infrastructure (UK)  the PEDSTART network (France) and NETSTAP e.V.(Germany) and has recruited over 8000 infants.13 The primary efficacy data for HARMONIE were collected during the 2022-2023 RSV season.1 Participant follow-up will conclude at 12 months.About NirsevimabNirsevimab  a long-acting antibody designed for all infants for protection against RSV disease from birth through their first RSV season with a single dose  is being developed jointly by Sanofi and AstraZeneca. Nirsevimab has been developed to offer newborns and infants direct RSV protection via an antibody to help prevent medically attended lower respiratory tract infections caused by RSV. Monoclonal antibodies do not require the activation of the immune system to help offer timely  rapid and direct protection against the disease.14Nirsevimab has been granted special designations to facilitate expedited development by several regulatory agencies around the world. These include Breakthrough Therapy Designation by The China Center for Drug Evaluation under the National Medical Products Administration; Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; access granted to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) PRIority MEdicines (PRIME) scheme; Promising Innovative Medicine designation by the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency;15 and has been named “a medicine for prioritized development” under the Project for Drug Selection to Promote New Drug Development in Pediatrics by the Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development (AMED). The safety and efficacy of nirsevimab was evaluated under an accelerated assessment procedure by the EMA.Nirsevimab has been granted marketing authorization in the European Union  the United Kingdom and Canada for the prevention of RSV lower respiratory tract disease in newborns and infants from birth through their first RSV season and is currently undergoing regulatory review in the U.S. In Canada  Beyfortus is also approved for children up to 24 months of age who remain vulnerable to severe RSV disease through their second RSV season.In March 2017  Sanofi and AstraZeneca announced an agreement to develop and commercialize nirsevimab. Under the terms of the agreement  AstraZeneca leads development and manufacturing activities  and Sanofi leads commercialization activities and record revenues. Under the terms of the global agreement  Sanofi made an upfront payment of €120m  has paid development and regulatory milestones of €55m and will pay up to a further €440m upon achievement of certain regulatory and sales-related milestones. The two companies share costs and profits in all territories except in the US where Sanofi consolidate 100% of the economic benefits in its Business Operating Income.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions. Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.ReferencesDrysdale S  et al. Efficacy of nirsevimab against RSV lower respiratory tract infection hospitalization in infants: preliminary data from the HARMONIE phase 3b trial. Presented at 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases in Lisbon  2023. Zhang S  et al. Cost of Respiratory Syncytial Virus-Associated Acute Lower Respiratory Infection Management in Young Children at the Regional and Global Level: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. J Infect Dis. 2020;222(Suppl 7):S680-687. Madhi S  et al. Nirsevimab efficacy against RSV lower respiratory tract infection in preterm and term infants by subtype: pooled analysis of phase 2b and phase 3 melody trials. Presented at 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases in Lisbon  2023. Aksyuk A  et al. Nirsevimab immunisation did not alter the distribution of non-RSV viruses relative to placebo in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical study (MELODY). Presented at 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases in Lisbon  2023. R K. Respiratory Syncytial Virus Vaccines. Plotkin SA  Orenstein WA  Offitt PA  Edwards KM  eds Plotkin’s Vaccines 7th ed Philadelphia. 2018;7th ed. Philadelphia:943-9. Nair H  et al. Global burden of acute lower respiratory infections due to respiratory syncytial virus in young children: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Lancet. 2010;375(9725):1545-55. Shi T  et al. Global  regional  and national disease burden estimates of acute lower respiratory infections due to respiratory syncytial virus in young children in 2015: a systematic review and modelling study. Lancet. 2017;390(10098):946-958. Smith DK  et al. Respiratory Syncytial Virus Bronchiolitis in Children. Am Fam Physician. 2017;95(2):94-99. Hall CB  et al. Respiratory syncytial virus-associated hospitalizations among children less than 24 months of age. Pediatrics. 2013;132(2):e341-e348. Arriola CS  et al. Estimated Burden of Community-Onset Respiratory Syncytial Virus-Associated Hospitalizations Among Children Aged <2 Years in the United States  2014-15. J Pediatric Infect Dis Soc. 2020;9(5):587-595. Rha B  et al. Respiratory Syncytial Virus-Associated Hospitalizations Among Young Children: 2015-2016. Pediatrics. 2020;146:e20193611. Li Y  et al. Global  regional  and national disease burden estimates of acute lower respiratory infections due to respiratory syncytial virus in children younger than 5 years in 2019: a systematic analysis. Lancet. 2022;399:92047–64. Faust S  et al. How did the HARMONIE trial recruit over 5000 infants in winter 2022/23? Defining a new model of collaboration for industry-sponsored clinical trials. Presented at 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases in Lisbon  2023. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Vaccines & Immunizations. August 18  2017. https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/vac-gen/immunity-types.htm. Accessed May 2023. Precision vaccinations. Beyfortus (Nirsevimab) RSV Antibody 2023. https://www.precisionvaccinations.com/vaccines/beyfortus-nirsevimab-rsv-antibody-2023#:~:text=November%204%2C%202022%20%2D%20AstraZeneca%20and during%20their%20first%20RSV%20season. Accessed May 2023.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.25,0.31,True,English,"['real-world clinical trial setting', 'RSV infant hospitalizations', 'Press Release', 'Nirsevimab', '83% reduction', 'large, multi-country European interventional clinical trial', 'Dr Simon Drysdale Consultant Pediatrician', 'large European interventional clinical trial', 'University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust', 'HARMONIE Phase 3b clinical trial', 'RSV-related lower respiratory tract disease', 'Hospitalized RSV Monoclonal Antibody Prevention', 'lower respiratory tract infections', 'acute lower respiratory infections', 'RSV-related direct medical costs', 'real-world clinical trial setting', 'potential public health benefit', 'single intramuscular (IM) dose', 'HARMONIE Phase 3b data', 'RSV-related chest infections', 'pivotal trial results', 'single intramuscular dose', '41st Annual Meeting', 'Executive Vice President', 'several regulatory agencies', 'Health Research infrastructure', '2022-2023 RSV season', 'first RSV season', 'favorable safety profile', 'Paediatric Infectious Diseases', 'severe RSV-related LRTD', 'RSV-related infant hospitalizations', 'three million hospitalizations', 'direct RSV protection', 'RSV infant hospitalizations', 'primary efficacy data', 'European Society', 'Monoclonal antibodies', 'single dose', 'real-world setting', 'The HARMONIE data', 'acting antibody', 'RSV disease', 'health systems', 'direct protection', 'hospital deaths', 'real-world conditions', 'real-world impact', '33 million cases', 'English French', 'United Kingdom', 'Thomas Triomphe', 'higher rates', 'pre-pandemic years', 'pediatric hospitalizations', 'St. George', 'Chief Investigator', 'high numbers', 'oxygen level', 'oxygen supplementation', 'healthcare systems', 'common cause', 'leading cause', 'most hospitalizations', 'five years', 'academic investigators', 'digital solutions', 'site staff', 'National Institute', 'PEDSTART network', 'e.V.', 'Participant follow-up', 'immune system', 'timely, rapid', 'special designations', 'RSV intervention', 'New data', 'high efficacy', 'overall burden', 'follow-up care', '<5 kg 50 mg', 'LRTD hospitalization', 'healthy infants', 'Nirsevimab Nirsevimab', '≥5 kg', '8,000 infants', '83% reduction', 'consistent', 'ESPID', 'evidence', 'Paris', 'May', '0.001) reduction', '12 months', 'study', 'place', '250 sites', 'France', 'Germany', 'Vaccines', 'Sanofi', 'importance', 'families', 'terms', 'strain', 'hospitals', 'incidence', 'patients', 'outpatient', 'bronchiolitis', 'pneumonia', 'children', 'standard', 'palivizumab', 'UK', 'birth', 'AstraZeneca', 'newborns', 'activation', 'expedited', 'development', 'Breakthrough', '58.', '26', '300']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Nirsevimab-delivers-83-reduction-in-RSV-infant-hospitalizations-in-a-real-world-clin-43827634/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Press Release: Nirsevimab delivers 83% reduction in RSV infant hospitalizations in a real-world clinical trial setting,(marketscreener.com) Nirsevimab delivers 83% reduction in RSV infant hospitalizations in a real-world clinical trial setting HARMONIE Phase 3b data reinforce nirsevimab’s consistent and high efficacy against infant hospitalizations due to RSVData presented at…,Nirsevimab delivers 83% reduction in RSV infant hospitalizations in a real-world clinical trial settingHARMONIE Phase 3b data reinforce nirsevimab’s consistent and high efficacy against infant hospitalizations due to RSVData presented at ESPID add to the body of evidence demonstrating nirsevimab’s protection against RSV-related lower respiratory tract disease (LRTD) and confirm its favorable safety profile in multi-country  real-world conditionsParis  May 12  2023. New data from the HARMONIE Phase 3b clinical trial show an 83.21% (95% CI 67.77 to 92.04; P<0.001) reduction in hospitalizations due to RSV-related LRTD in infants under 12 months of age who received a single dose of nirsevimab  compared to infants who received no RSV intervention.1The Hospitalized RSV Monoclonal Antibody Prevention (HARMONIE) study is a large  multi-country European interventional clinical trial aiming to determine the efficacy and safety of a single intramuscular dose of nirsevimab  with data collected in a real-world setting during the 2022-2023 RSV season.1 The trial recruited more than 8 000 infants and took place at nearly 250 sites across France  Germany and the United Kingdom. The data from HARMONIE were presented at the 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases (ESPID).Thomas TriompheExecutive Vice President  Vaccines  Sanofi“This winter saw higher rates of RSV-related infant hospitalizations than during pandemic or pre-pandemic years. The HARMONIE data demonstrate the real-world impact nirsevimab has on pediatric hospitalizations  and illustrate its importance for infants  their families and public health.”Dr Simon DrysdaleConsultant Pediatrician in Infectious Diseases at St. George’s University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and Co-Chief Investigator of HARMONIE“RSV-related chest infections lead to high numbers of infants under 12 months old being hospitalized every year. These data reinforce the potential public health benefit of nirsevimab in terms of helping to reduce the strain on hospitals caused each year by RSV.”The data from HARMONIE also show that nirsevimab reduced the incidence of hospitalizations due to severe RSV-related LRTD (patients whose oxygen level is under 90% and require oxygen supplementation) by 75.71% (95% CI 32.75 to 92.91; P<0.001).1Additionally  nirsevimab demonstrated a reduction of 58.04% (95% CI 39.69 to 71.19; P<0.001) in the incidence of all-cause LRTD hospitalization compared to infants who received no RSV intervention.1 This means the overall burden on healthcare systems could be reduced significantly if all infants receive nirsevimab. RSV-related direct medical costs  globally — including hospital  outpatient and follow-up care — were estimated at €4.82 billion in 2017.2Throughout HARMONIE  nirsevimab maintained a favorable safety profile  consistent with the pivotal trial results.About RSVRSV is the most common cause of LRTD  including bronchiolitis and pneumonia  in infants.5-8 It is also a leading cause of hospitalization in all infants  with most hospitalizations for RSV occurring in healthy infants born at term.9-12 Globally  in 2019  there were approximately 33 million cases of acute lower respiratory infections leading to more than three million hospitalizations  and it was estimated that there were 26 300 in-hospital deaths of children younger than five years.12About HARMONIEThe Hospitalized RSV Monoclonal Antibody Prevention (HARMONIE) study is a large European interventional clinical trial aiming to determine the efficacy and safety of a single intramuscular (IM) dose of nirsevimab (<5 kg 50 mg; ≥5 kg 100 mg)  compared to no intervention (standard of care)  for the prevention of hospitalizations due to RSV-related LRTD in infants under 12 months of age who are not eligible to receive palivizumab.Sanofi and academic investigators worked together to design and deliver HARMONIE with digital solutions to minimize the burden on families  site staff and health systems. The trial opened at nearly 250 sites  supported by National Institute of Health Research infrastructure (UK)  the PEDSTART network (France) and NETSTAP e.V.(Germany) and has recruited over 8000 infants.13 The primary efficacy data for HARMONIE were collected during the 2022-2023 RSV season.1 Participant follow-up will conclude at 12 months.About NirsevimabNirsevimab  a long-acting antibody designed for all infants for protection against RSV disease from birth through their first RSV season with a single dose  is being developed jointly by Sanofi and AstraZeneca. Nirsevimab has been developed to offer newborns and infants direct RSV protection via an antibody to help prevent medically attended lower respiratory tract infections caused by RSV. Monoclonal antibodies do not require the activation of the immune system to help offer timely  rapid and direct protection against the disease.14Nirsevimab has been granted special designations to facilitate expedited development by several regulatory agencies around the world. These include Breakthrough Therapy Designation by The China Center for Drug Evaluation under the National Medical Products Administration; Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; access granted to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) PRIority MEdicines (PRIME) scheme; Promising Innovative Medicine designation by the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency;15 and has been named “a medicine for prioritized development” under the Project for Drug Selection to Promote New Drug Development in Pediatrics by the Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development (AMED). The safety and efficacy of nirsevimab was evaluated under an accelerated assessment procedure by the EMA.Nirsevimab has been granted marketing authorization in the European Union  the United Kingdom and Canada for the prevention of RSV lower respiratory tract disease in newborns and infants from birth through their first RSV season and is currently undergoing regulatory review in the U.S. In Canada  Beyfortus is also approved for children up to 24 months of age who remain vulnerable to severe RSV disease through their second RSV season.In March 2017  Sanofi and AstraZeneca announced an agreement to develop and commercialize nirsevimab. Under the terms of the agreement  AstraZeneca leads development and manufacturing activities  and Sanofi leads commercialization activities and record revenues. Under the terms of the global agreement  Sanofi made an upfront payment of €120m  has paid development and regulatory milestones of €55m and will pay up to a further €440m upon achievement of certain regulatory and sales-related milestones. The two companies share costs and profits in all territories except in the US where Sanofi consolidate 100% of the economic benefits in its Business Operating Income.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions. Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.ReferencesDrysdale S  et al. Efficacy of nirsevimab against RSV lower respiratory tract infection hospitalization in infants: preliminary data from the HARMONIE phase 3b trial. Presented at 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases in Lisbon  2023. Zhang S  et al. Cost of Respiratory Syncytial Virus-Associated Acute Lower Respiratory Infection Management in Young Children at the Regional and Global Level: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. J Infect Dis. 2020;222(Suppl 7):S680-687. Madhi S  et al. Nirsevimab efficacy against RSV lower respiratory tract infection in preterm and term infants by subtype: pooled analysis of phase 2b and phase 3 melody trials. Presented at 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases in Lisbon  2023. Aksyuk A  et al. Nirsevimab immunisation did not alter the distribution of non-RSV viruses relative to placebo in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical study (MELODY). Presented at 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases in Lisbon  2023. R K. Respiratory Syncytial Virus Vaccines. Plotkin SA  Orenstein WA  Offitt PA  Edwards KM  eds Plotkin’s Vaccines 7th ed Philadelphia. 2018;7th ed. Philadelphia:943-9. Nair H  et al. Global burden of acute lower respiratory infections due to respiratory syncytial virus in young children: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Lancet. 2010;375(9725):1545-55. Shi T  et al. Global  regional  and national disease burden estimates of acute lower respiratory infections due to respiratory syncytial virus in young children in 2015: a systematic review and modelling study. Lancet. 2017;390(10098):946-958. Smith DK  et al. Respiratory Syncytial Virus Bronchiolitis in Children. Am Fam Physician. 2017;95(2):94-99. Hall CB  et al. Respiratory syncytial virus-associated hospitalizations among children less than 24 months of age. Pediatrics. 2013;132(2):e341-e348. Arriola CS  et al. Estimated Burden of Community-Onset Respiratory Syncytial Virus-Associated Hospitalizations Among Children Aged <2 Years in the United States  2014-15. J Pediatric Infect Dis Soc. 2020;9(5):587-595. Rha B  et al. Respiratory Syncytial Virus-Associated Hospitalizations Among Young Children: 2015-2016. Pediatrics. 2020;146:e20193611. Li Y  et al. Global  regional  and national disease burden estimates of acute lower respiratory infections due to respiratory syncytial virus in children younger than 5 years in 2019: a systematic analysis. Lancet. 2022;399:92047–64. Faust S  et al. How did the HARMONIE trial recruit over 5000 infants in winter 2022/23? Defining a new model of collaboration for industry-sponsored clinical trials. Presented at 41st Annual Meeting of the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases in Lisbon  2023. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Vaccines & Immunizations. August 18  2017. https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/vac-gen/immunity-types.htm. Accessed May 2023. Precision vaccinations. Beyfortus (Nirsevimab) RSV Antibody 2023. https://www.precisionvaccinations.com/vaccines/beyfortus-nirsevimab-rsv-antibody-2023#:~:text=November%204%2C%202022%20%2D%20AstraZeneca%20and during%20their%20first%20RSV%20season. Accessed May 2023.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.26,0.16,True,English,"['real-world clinical trial setting', 'RSV infant hospitalizations', 'Press Release', 'Nirsevimab', '83% reduction', 'large, multi-country European interventional clinical trial', 'Dr Simon Drysdale Consultant Pediatrician', 'large European interventional clinical trial', 'University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust', 'HARMONIE Phase 3b clinical trial', 'RSV-related lower respiratory tract disease', 'Hospitalized RSV Monoclonal Antibody Prevention', 'lower respiratory tract infections', 'acute lower respiratory infections', 'RSV-related direct medical costs', 'real-world clinical trial setting', 'potential public health benefit', 'single intramuscular (IM) dose', 'HARMONIE Phase 3b data', 'RSV-related chest infections', 'pivotal trial results', 'single intramuscular dose', '41st Annual Meeting', 'Executive Vice President', 'several regulatory agencies', 'Breakthrough Therapy Designa', 'Health Research infrastructure', '2022-2023 RSV season', 'first RSV season', 'favorable safety profile', 'Paediatric Infectious Diseases', 'severe RSV-related LRTD', 'RSV-related infant hospitalizations', 'three million hospitalizations', 'direct RSV protection', 'RSV infant hospitalizations', 'primary efficacy data', 'European Society', 'Monoclonal antibodies', 'single dose', 'real-world setting', 'The HARMONIE data', 'acting antibody', 'RSV disease', 'health systems', 'direct protection', 'hospital deaths', 'real-world conditions', 'real-world impact', '33 million cases', 'United Kingdom', 'Thomas Triomphe', 'higher rates', 'pre-pandemic years', 'pediatric hospitalizations', 'St. George', 'Chief Investigator', 'high numbers', 'oxygen level', 'oxygen supplementation', 'healthcare systems', 'common cause', 'leading cause', 'most hospitalizations', 'five years', 'academic investigators', 'digital solutions', 'site staff', 'National Institute', 'PEDSTART network', 'e.V.', 'Participant follow-up', 'immune system', 'timely, rapid', 'special designations', 'RSV intervention', 'New data', 'high efficacy', 'overall burden', 'follow-up care', '<5 kg 50 mg', 'LRTD hospitalization', 'healthy infants', 'Nirsevimab Nirsevimab', '≥5 kg', '8,000 infants', '83% reduction', 'consistent', 'ESPID', 'evidence', 'Paris', 'May', '<0.001) reduction', '12 months', 'study', 'place', '250 sites', 'France', 'Germany', 'Vaccines', 'Sanofi', 'importance', 'families', 'terms', 'strain', 'hospitals', 'incidence', 'patients', 'outpatient', 'bronchiolitis', 'pneumonia', 'children', 'standard', 'palivizumab', 'UK', 'birth', 'AstraZeneca', 'newborns', 'activation', 'expedited', 'development', '58.', '26', '300']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fairmont-mayakoba-to-host-an-exclusive-mothers-day-experience-301823508.html,Fairmont Mayakoba to host an exclusive Mother's Day experience,PLAYA DEL CARMEN  Mexico  May 12  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As part of Fairmont's ongoing commitment to create the most memorable and unique experiences for its guests  the award-winning AAA-5 Diamond Fairmont Mayakoba will be hosting an exotic culinary experience…,"PLAYA DEL CARMEN  Mexico  May 12  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- As part of Fairmont's ongoing commitment to create the most memorable and unique experiences for its guests  the award-winning AAA-5 Diamond Fairmont Mayakoba will be hosting an exotic culinary experience and symphonic concert to celebrate Mother's Day.Chef Heriberto FloresThe exciting dining experience occurred on May 10th and is scheduled for another edition on May 14th. It's presented by Chef Heriberto Flores  one of Mexico's most sought-after culinary superstars. Owner of the renowned Nostalgia restaurant in the central highlands' town of San Cristóbal de las Casas  Chef Heriberto's cuisine pays homage to the local flavors and festivals that take place in towns throughout southern Mexico.Nostalgia restaurant was created in 2015 to promote the gastronomy and culture of the Oaxaca region with a delightful twist on traditional dishes featuring moles  tlayudas  tamales  enchiladas as well as the chocolate and mezcal commonly found in this region. With a delectable 6-course dinner planned for his Mother's Day visit to Fairmont Mayakoba  Chef Heriberto is certain to deliver an inspired once-in-a-lifetime gastronomic experience next to the blue Caribbean Sea.Chef Heriberto's exquisite dinner will be followed by another exceptional Fairmont experience  its ""Symphony in a Cenote"". Imagine being serenaded by a symphonic orchestra set in a mystical Mayan cenote where you'll savor delectable tapas and sip refreshing cocktails. Sacred to the Mayan community  cenotes are known for their pristine  clear  cool water surrounded by limestone walls  creating an extraordinary venue for a musical journey to the center of the earth. You'll be entertained with classic melodies  as well as contemporary pop  from artists like Lady Gaga  Coldplay  Toto  Ed Sheeran  Queen  and more. This special event is part of Fairmont's initiative to offer its guests experiences that go ""All Beyond Limits""  where the luxury hotel company pushes the limits of possibility with experiences you have to see to believe  popping up at the most iconic hotels and resorts in the world.For more information and to book your stay visit www.fairmont-mayakoba.comAbout Fairmont Mayakoba  Riviera MayaNestled in the heart of the Riviera Maya  Mexico  the 401-room Fairmont Mayakoba is a AAA Five Diamond resort set on 45 acres  within a private luxury community. Surrounded by a lush mangrove forest intersected by water canals  the property offers over 46 000 sq. ft. of indoor and outdoor meeting space  an energizing Fairmont Spa featuring 20 treatment rooms  and El Camaleón Golf Course  host to the first LIV Golf Tournament event in Mexico and first golf course to host the PGA Tournament outside the United States. A dedication to a green philosophy has earned Fairmont Mayakoba the Preferred by Nature verification among other eco-accolades. For reservations contact call 1(800) 540 6088 or email [email protected]   or visit fairmont.com/Mayakoba or follow Fairmont Mayakoba on Twitter  Facebook  Linkedin  and Instagram.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.SOURCE Fairmont Mayakoba",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Fairmont Mayakoba', 'exclusive Mother', 'Day experience', 'San Cristóbal de las Casas', 'El Camaleón Golf Course', 'first LIV Golf Tournament event', 'award-winning AAA-5 Diamond Fairmont Mayakoba', 'AAA Five Diamond resort', 'pristine, clear, cool water', 'world leading hospitality group', 'first golf course', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'PLAYA DEL CARMEN', 'exciting dining experience', ""central highlands' town"", 'lifetime gastronomic experience', 'blue Caribbean Sea', 'lush mangrove forest', 'outdoor meeting space', 'exotic culinary experience', 'exceptional Fairmont experience', 'energizing Fairmont Spa', 'renowned Nostalgia restaurant', 'delectable 6-course dinner', 'luxury hotel company', 'Chef Heriberto Flores', '401-room Fairmont Mayakoba', 'private luxury community', 'SOURCE Fairmont Mayakoba', 'mystical Mayan cenote', 'special event', 'PGA Tournament', 'water canals', 'Mayan community', 'culinary superstars', 'exquisite dinner', 'delectable tapas', '40 hotel brands', 'The Group', 'community outreach', 'ongoing commitment', 'symphonic concert', 'local flavors', 'delightful twist', 'traditional dishes', 'symphonic orchestra', 'refreshing cocktails', 'limestone walls', 'extraordinary venue', 'musical journey', 'classic melodies', 'contemporary pop', 'Lady Gaga', 'Ed Sheeran', 'iconic hotels', 'Riviera Maya', '20 treatment rooms', 'United States', 'green philosophy', 'Nature verification', 'other eco-accolades', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'unique experiences', 'Oaxaca region', 'Day visit', 'southern Mexico', 'Accor SA', 'guests experiences', 'PRNewswire', 'part', 'memorable', 'Mother', 'edition', 'Owner', 'cuisine', 'homage', 'festivals', 'place', 'towns', 'gastronomy', 'culture', 'moles', 'tlayudas', 'tamales', 'enchiladas', 'chocolate', 'mezcal', 'Symphony', 'cenotes', 'center', 'earth', 'artists', 'Coldplay', 'Toto', 'Queen', 'initiative', 'Limits', 'possibility', 'resorts', 'information', 'stay', 'heart', '45 acres', 'property', '46,000 sq.', 'indoor', 'dedication', 'reservations', 'email', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'Linkedin', 'Instagram', '110 countries', '5 400 properties', '10 000 food', 'industry', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'TikTok']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,prnewswire.com
24843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALD-35837978/news/ALD-Trading-update-on-Q1-2023-results-43826002/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,ALD: Trading update on Q1 2023 results,(marketscreener.com) ALDALD: Trading update on Q1 2023 results 12-May-2023 / 07:30 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. Press release …,ALDALD: Trading update on Q1 2023 results12-May-2023 / 07:30 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press release Paris  12 May 2023 Trading update on Q1 2023 results NET INCOME (GROUP SHARE): EUR 315.5 MILLION  UP 22.4% VS. Q1 2022CONTINUED HIGH USED CAR SALES RESULT PER UNIT [1] : EUR 2 535 VS. EUR 3 101 IN Q1 2022[1] ROBUST COMMERCIAL PERFORMANCE: FUNDED FLEET AT 1.42 MILLION  UP 3.2 [2] % VS. END MARCH 2022[2] IMPACT OF LEASEPLAN-RELATED COSTS ON OPERATING EXPENSESDISPOSAL OF ALD RUSSIA COMPLETED IN APRIL 2023CLOSING OF THE LEASEPLAN ACQUISITION PLANNED FOR 22 MAY 2023 [3] First quarter 2023 results highlights Total Contracts 1.815 million contracts managed worldwide at end March 2023Funded fleet [4] 1.423 million vehicles  up 3.2% vs. end March 2022[4] Leasing Contract and Services Margins at EUR 541.1 million  up 63.3% vs. Q1 2022 reflecting reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating itemsUsed Car Sales result at EUR 190.5 million  vs. EUR 215.2 million in Q1 2022Operating expenses at EUR 260.5 million including LeasePlan-related costs  vs. EUR 187.5 million in Q1 2022Cost of Risk at EUR 8.8 million  vs. EUR 7.9 million in Q1 2022Impairment of the net book value of Russian and Belarus entities at EUR -20.6 million On 12 May 2023  Tim Albertsen  ALD CEO  commenting on the Q1 2023 Group results  stated: “ALD again recorded a strong performance in Q1 2023 on the back of robust commercial dynamics and continued highly favourable used car markets. This outstanding achievement in a challenging macroeconomic environment reflects the relevance and the solidity of our business model through the cycle. I am proud of the new initiatives launched in Q1 2023 to strengthen our leadership in sustainable mobility and further support EV penetration in all of our markets. In April  we completed the disposal of ALD Russia  which we had announced a few months ago. At the same time  we are accompanying our clients in high-growth markets thanks to our new joint venture in South East Asia. Our Group is in an excellent position to embark on the step-up change represented by the highly strategic and synergetic acquisition of LeasePlan. ALD’s Board has called an Extraordinary General Meeting on 22 May 2023 to close the acquistion of LeasePlan. We at ALD are very excited about welcoming the LeasePlan teams very soon and starting a new chapter of our development  where we will join forces to continue leading the transformation of the mobility industry and to generate value for our customers and shareholders.” Outlook for 2023 In an economic environment marked by the continued rise in interest rates to combat inflation  the reopening of China and concerns over a few banking institutions mainly in the US  deliveries of new cars in Europe picked up in Q1 2023. ALD still expects that the new car market will normalize gradually and that the favourable supply/demand situation in the used car market will remain in place in 2023. Subject to receipt of the remaining regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of standard conditions precedents  ALD plans to complete the acquisition of LeasePlan on 22 May 2023. At closing  ALD will become a regulated entity with the status of Financial Holding Company  subject to new regulatory requirements. ALD will issue EUR 750 million Additional Tier 1 and EUR 1 500 million Tier 2 capital in order to reinforce its capital structure in an optimal manner. Immediately after closing  ALD will launch the execution of its integration plan. Costs to achieve are expected to be in the range of EUR 150 million to EUR 180 million in 2023. ALD plans to provide operational guidance for the combined entity for 2023 after the closing of the acquisition. Development strategy oriented towards sustainability In Q1 2023  ALD launched new initiatives to reinforce its leadership in sustainable mobility and further promote the transition to EVs: Through a new joint venture with ChargePoint  a leading electric vehicle charging network  ALD aims at accelerating corporate fleet electrification by providing access to Europe’s widest public charging network with 517 000 charging ports. By means of a cutting edge app  the joint venture is designed to address the evolving needs of both drivers (charging at home  in the office or on the road) and fleet managers (single monitoring dashboard). This new offering will be rolled out across EU starting Q4 2023.The signing of a USD 400 million facility by IFC in February 2023 paves the way for further reduction in carbon emissions in transport by accelerating the adoption and penetration of green vehicles [5] in emerging countries. In this context  ALD will help put 15 000 green vehicles on the road in Turkey  Mexico  India  Serbia  Romania  Bulgaria and Croatia  with the objective of reducing carbon emissions by more than 22 000 tons [6] a year. As part of its strategy to jointly build a mobility business platform in Asia and following the creation of a joint venture in Malaysia in 2020  ALD announced the launch of a second joint venture with Mitsubishi HC Capital Inc.  this time in Thailand. This partnership  which is expected to be followed by others in the South-East Asia region  aims at capturing the high-growth potential of these promising markets  by leveraging on ALD and its partner’s multinational corporate clients first. In April 2023  ALD completed the sale of ALD Russia  which operated a funded fleet of 13 400 vehicles as at 31 March 2023. The sale had received clearance from the relevant Russian regulatory authorities. Robust commercial performance Continuing the positive trends of the previous quarters  full-service leasing contracts reached 1 423 thousand units[7] as at end March 2023  while the order book remained strong  reflecting robust commercial dynamics. Funded fleet grew by a strong +3.2%[8] vs. end March 2022 on a like-for-like basis. The total number of fleet management contracts increased by 41 thousand units in Q1 2023 or +13.8%[9] vs. Q1 2022  to reach 336 thousand vehicles. Year-on-year growth was primarily driven by a new banking partnership. Total contracts stood at 1 815 thousand as at end March 2023  up by 5.0%[10] compared to end March 2022  reflecting ALD’s strong commercial performance. ALD plays a key role in clients’ transition towards sustainable mobility by leveraging its powerful advisory capabilities and the ALD Electric offering (including charging). With EV penetration of 29% of new passenger car registrations in Q1 2023  ALD maintained its leading position in Europe  well ahead of the market (20%[11]). The demand for electrification remains very strong  with EVs accounting for one third of ALD’s order book. Sharp increase in financial results ALD recorded a sharp increase in financial results in Q1 2023  driven by high margin growth and continued high Used car sales results. Taken together  Leasing contract and Services margins (Total margins) reached EUR 541.1 million in Q1 2023  up 63.3% compared to Q1 2022 and stable when excluding reduction in depreciation costs and non-operating items. Leasing contract margin was boosted by the reduction in depreciation costs (EUR +162.8 million in Q1 2023)  driven by the change in depreciation curve reflecting exceptionally high used car prices. As a result  depreciation has been adjusted or stopped for those vehicles whose sales proceeds are forecast to be in excess of their net book value. The reduction in depreciation costs equals the difference between the contractual amortization costs and the revised amortization cost. It anticipates in the Leasing contract margin part of Used car sales results which would otherwise be recorded later. Non-operating items impacting Leasing contract margin totalled EUR +30.1 million (vs. EUR -14.8 million in Q1 2022)  comprising: Fleet revaluation exercise [12] of EUR +11.6 million (vs. EUR +12.5 million in Q1 2022);[12] Hyperinflation in Turkey [13] EUR +18.5 million;[13] There was no adjustment to the provision in Ukraine in Q1 2023 (vs. EUR -27.3 million provision in Q1 2022). Leasing contract margin reached EUR 366.6 million in Q1 2023  vs. EUR 171.4 million in Q1 2022  up 80.7% excluding non-operating items. Services margin was EUR 174.5 million  up 9.1% vs. Q1 2022  underpinned by the increasing number of fleet management contracts. At EUR 190.5 million in Q1 2023  the contribution from Used car sales result remained at a high level (EUR 215.2 million in Q1 2022)  reflecting the continued favourable supply/demand situation. The amount incorporates a negative impact of change in depreciation curve of EUR -42.7 million  as the positive impact of reduction in depreciation costs on Leasing contract margin in 2022 anticipated some UCS profits. UCS result per unit[14] came in at EUR 2 535 in Q1 2023 vs. EUR 3 101 in Q1 2022. Had ALD not recorded any reduction in depreciation costs to reflect exceptionally high used car prices in 2022  UCS result per unit would have reached a high EUR 3 102 in Q1 2023. Leveraging on its efficient remarketing tools  ALD sold 75 thousand units[15] in Q1 2023 vs. 69 thousand units in Q1 2022. The volume increase compared to the same period last year is explained by improved dynamics in car deliveries. As a result of the continued favourable used car markets  ALD’s Gross Operating Income reached EUR 731.6 million in Q1 2023  up 33.8% vs. Q1 2022. Excluding the net impact of the reduction in depreciation costs[16]  Gross Operating Income would have increased by 11.9% vs. Q1 2022. Operating expenses reached EUR 260.5 million in Q1 2023 vs. EUR 187.5 million in the same quarter last year. The increase was mainly driven by LeasePlan integration costs for EUR 38 million and transaction costs in relation to LeasePlan  Russia and remedies for EUR 12 million[17]. The entry of Sabadell Renting  Fleetpool  Ford Fleet Management into the consolidation scope added EUR 7.1 million to operating expenses in Q1 2023. The operating expenses base was also impacted by costs related to the change in regulatory status of ALD. As a result  Cost/Income Ratio (excl. UCS result) was low at 48.1% in Q1 2023  vs. 56.6% in Q1 2022  due mainly to the positive impact of reduction in depreciation costs on Leasing contract margin  which more than absorbed the above-mentioned costs. Impairment charges on receivables came in at EUR 8.8 million  slightly up from the exceptionally low level of EUR 7.9 million in the same quarter last year. ALD’s subsidiaries in Russia and Belarus were classified as Assets held for sale in the financial statements ending 31 December 2022. An impairment of the book value of EUR -20.6 million was registered as Non-recurring expenses in ALD’s income statement in Q1 2023  after EUR -50.6 million in Q4 2022. The sale of ALD Russia was completed on 20 April 2023  as a result of which the following impacts are expected on ALD’s consolidated Q2 2023 income statement: i) impairment of the net book value of EUR -6.0m and ii) reclassification of accumulated translation reserves into the income statement at the closing of the transaction: EUR -72.0m  with no impact on shareholders’ equity. Income tax expense increased to EUR 125.6 million in Q1 2023  up from EUR 92.4 million in Q1 2022  mainly due to the non tax deductibility of the aforementioned impairment of the net book value. ALD’s Net Income (Group Share) reached EUR 315.5 million in Q1 2023  up 22.4% from EUR 257.7 million in Q1 2022. ALD further diversified its funding through a EUR 750 million senior unsecured bond issuance in January 2023 and a EUR 500 million senior unsecured floating rate note issuance in February 2023  which were both largely oversubscribed. These issuances  together with USD 400 million long-term green financing from IFC  were made at competitive funding conditions and confirmed the solid appetite for ALD’s credit. Conference call for investors and analysts Date: 12 May  at 10.00 am Paris time - 9.00 am London time Speakers: Tim Albertsen  CEO and Gilles Momper  CFO Connection details: Webcast: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/5cwfppbd Conference call: France: +33 1 70 91 87 04 UK: +44 121 281 8004 USA: +1 718 705 8796 Access Code: 4576982023 Agenda 22 May 2023: EGM and expected closing of LeasePlan acquisition24 May 2023: General assembly of shareholders31 May 2023: Detachment of dividend for financial year 20222 June 2023: Payment of dividend3 August 2023: Q2 and Half-year 2023 results3 November 2023: Q3 and 9M 2023 results Press contact Stephanie JonvilleALD Communication DepartmentTel.: +33 (0)6 46 14 81 90stephanie.jonville@aldautomotive.com About ALD ALD is a global leader in mobility solutions providing full service leasing and fleet management services across 42 countries to a client base of large corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals. A leader in its industry  ALD places sustainable mobility at the heart of its strategy  delivering innovative mobility solutions and technology-enabled services to its clients  helping them focus on their everyday business. With 7 244 employees around the globe  ALD manages 1.82 million vehicles (at end-March 2023). ALD is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: ALD) and is included in the SBF120 index. Société Générale is ALD’s majority shareholder. This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of ALD SA (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together with the Company  the “Group”). These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union. These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to: - anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences; - evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation. Therefore  although the Company believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in the Group‘s markets in particular  regulatory changes  and the success of the Company’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives. More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect the Company’s financial results can be found in the Universal Registration Document and in the Last Financial Report filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal. The financial information presented for the quarter ending 31 March 2023 was reviewed by the Company’s Board of Directors on 10 May 2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at this date. Appendix Q1 2023 consolidated income statement in EUR million Q12023 Q12022[18] QVar.% Leasing Contract Margin 366.6 171.4 113.8% Services Margin 174.5 160.0 9.1% Leasing Contract and Services Margins 541.1 331.5 63.3% Used Car Sales result 190.5 215.2 -11.5% Gross Operating Income 731.6 546.7 33.8% Total Operating Expenses (260.5) (187.5) 39.0% Cost/Income ratio (excl CSR) 48.1% 56.6% -14.9% Impairment Charges on Receivables (8.8) (7.9) 11.0% Non-Recurring Income (Expenses) (20.6) 0 0 Operating Result 441.8 351.3 25.7% Share of Profit of Associates and Jointly Controlled Entities 0.8 0.9 -10.3% Profit Before Tax 442.6 352.2 25.7% Income Tax Expense (125.6) (92.4) 36.0% Profit for the Period 316.9 259.8 22.0% Non-Controlling Interests 1.5 2.2 -32.0% Net Income Group share 315.5 257.7 22.4% [1] Management information. Without reduction in depreciation costs in 2022  Used car sales result per unit would have been stable at EUR 3 102 in Q1 2023 [2] Excluding 50k vehicles from entities held for sale (Russia  Belarus and remedies agreed with antitrust authorities: Portugal  Ireland and Norway except NF Fleet Norway) [3] Subject to receiving the remaining regulatory approvals and to the satisfaction of standard conditions precedent [4] Excluding 50k vehicles from entities held for sale (Russia  Belarus and remedies agreed with antitrust authorities: Portugal  Ireland and Norway except NF Fleet Norway) [5] Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs)  Plug-in Hybrids (PHEVs)  Full Hybrids (HEVs) [6] Management information [7] Excluding 50k vehicles from entities held for sale (Russia  Belarus and remedies agreed with antitrust authorities: Portugal  Ireland and Norway except NF Fleet Norway) and including ALD Flex and Used Car Lease [8] Excluding entities held-for-sale [9] Excluding 7k vehicles from entities held for sale [10] Excluding 57k vehicles from entities held for sale [11] Source: ACEA [12] Based on the expected roll-off of the fleet portfolio and deriving from the usual revaluation exercise [13] As per IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” [14] Management information [15] Management information [16] Positive impact on Total margins (EUR +162.8 million) net of negative impact on UCS result (EUR -42.7 million) was EUR +120.1 million in Q1 2023 [17] Not included in CTA (Costs to Achieve) [18] Q1 2022 was restated for IFRS 17  which applies from 1 January 2023 Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: ALD: Trading update on Q1 2023 results,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Trading update', 'Q1 2023 results', 'ALD', 'leading electric vehicle charging network', 'widest public charging network', 'Used Car Sales result', 'favourable used car markets', 'EUR 1,500 million Tier 2 capital', 'favourable supply/demand situation', 'French Regulatory News', 'robust commercial dynamics', 'remaining regulatory approvals', 'standard conditions precedents', 'Financial Holding Company', 'million Additional Tier 1', 'cutting edge app', 'ROBUST COMMERCIAL PERFORMANCE', 'First quarter 2023 results', 'challenging macroeconomic environment', 'USD 400 million facility', 'new regulatory requirements', 'new car market', 'net book value', 'South East Asia', 'corporate fleet electrification', 'new joint venture', 'mobility business platform', 'Q1 2023 Group results', '517,000 charging ports', 'capital structure', '1.815 million contracts', '1.423 million vehicles', 'strong performance', 'business model', 'new initiatives', 'new chapter', 'new cars', 'new offering', 'high-growth markets', 'sustainable mobility', 'mobility industry', 'Trading update', 'EQS Group', 'Press release', 'GROUP SHARE', 'FUNDED FLEET', 'OPERATING EXPENSES', 'Total Contracts', 'Leasing Contract', 'Services Margins', 'operating items', 'Belarus entities', 'Tim Albertsen', 'outstanding achievement', 'same time', 'excellent position', 'step-up change', 'continued rise', 'interest rates', 'banking institutions', 'regulated entity', 'optimal manner', 'integration plan', 'operational guidance', 'combined entity', 'evolving needs', 'fleet managers', 'monitoring dashboard', 'carbon emissions', 'green vehicles', 'emerging countries', 'Q1 2023 results', 'LEASEPLAN-RELATED COSTS', 'depreciation costs', 'end March', 'EV penetration', 'synergetic acquisition', 'LeasePlan teams', 'ALD RUSSIA', 'ALD CEO', 'Development strategy', 'LEASEPLAN ACQUISITION', '1.42 MILLION', '07:30 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Paris', 'INCOME', 'UNIT', 'IMPACT', 'DISPOSAL', 'APRIL', 'CLOSING', 'THE', '22 MAY', 'reduction', 'Risk', 'Impairment', 'Russian', '12 May', 'back', 'relevance', 'solidity', 'cycle', 'leadership', 'clients', 'strategic', 'Meeting', 'acquistion', 'forces', 'transformation', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'Outlook', 'inflation', 'reopening', 'China', 'concerns', 'deliveries', 'Europe', 'place', 'receipt', 'satisfaction', 'status', 'order', 'execution', 'range', 'sustainability', 'transition', 'EVs', 'ChargePoint', 'access', 'means', 'drivers', 'home', 'office', 'road', 'signing', 'IFC', 'February', 'way', 'transport', 'adoption', 'context', 'Turkey', 'Mexico', 'India', 'Serbia', 'Romania', 'Bulgaria', 'Croatia', 'objective', '22,000 tons', 'part', 'creation']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYXOAH-SA-112544313/news/Invitation-to-Attend-the-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-of-the-Company-to-be-Held-on-June-14-2023-43825804/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Invitation to Attend the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of the Company to be Held on June 14  2023,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATIONMay 12  2023  7:00am CET / 1:00am ET NYXOAH SARue Edouard Belin 12  1435 Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium Invitation to Attend the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of the Company to be Held on June 14  2023 The board of direct…,REGULATED INFORMATIONMay 12  2023  7:00am CET / 1:00am ETNYXOAH SA(Euronext Brussels: NYXH)Rue Edouard Belin 12  1435 Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium(hereinafter the “Company”)Invitation to Attend the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of the Companyto be Held on June 14  2023The board of directors of the Company is pleased to invite its securities holders to attend the annual shareholders' meeting of the Company  to be held on Wednesday  June 14  2023 at 2:00 p.m. CET at the Company's seat  or at such other place as will be indicated prior to such time.The Company will also set up a video conference to allow holders of securities of the Company who have duly registered for the annual shareholders’ meeting to follow the meeting remotely and ask questions  as the case may be in writing  during the meeting. The modalities to attend the meeting via video conference will be communicated to the relevant securities holders in due time. The video conference will not qualify as an electronic communication tool to attend and vote at the shareholders' meeting as referred to in Article 7:137 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  but will be an extra facility for securities holders to follow the shareholders' meeting. Holders of securities wishing to attend the meeting via video conference and also validly vote on the items on the agenda  are invited to exercise their voting rights prior to the shareholders’ meeting by following the rules set out in this convening notice  either by voting remotely by mail  or by giving a proxy to a representative of the Company.In order to facilitate the keeping of the attendance list on the day of the annual shareholders' meeting  the holders of securities issued by the Company and their representatives are invited to register as from 1:30 p.m. CET.AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGAcknowledgement and discussion of:the statutory annual accounts for the financial year ended on December 31  2022; the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended on December 31  2022; the annual report of the board of directors on the statutory annual accounts for the financial year ended on December 31  2022; the annual report of the board of directors on the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended on December 31  2022; the statutory auditor's report on the statutory annual accounts for the financial year ended on December 31  2022; and the statutory auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended on December 31  2022.1. Approval of the statutory annual accounts for the financial year ended on December 31  2022 and the proposed allocation of the resultProposed decision : The shareholders’ meeting decides to approve the annual accounts for the financial year ended on December 31  2022 and the allocation of the result as proposed by the board of directors.2. Discharge of directorsProposed decision : The shareholders’ meeting decides to grant discharge to each of the directors who was in office during the financial year ended on December 31  2022 (including Mr. Donald Deyo  Mr. Jan Janssen and Mr. Raymond Cohen who resigned as directors in 2022) for the performance of their mandate during that financial year.3. Discharge of the statutory auditorProposed decision : The shareholders’ meeting decides to grant discharge to the statutory auditor who was in office during the financial year ended on December 31  2022 for the performance of his mandate during that financial year.4. Acknowledgement and approval of the remuneration reportProposed decision : The shareholders’ meeting decides to approve the remuneration report.5. Acknowledgement and approval of the amended remuneration policyUpon the recommendation of the remuneration committee  the board of directors proposes to amend the remuneration policy of the Company to include in the remuneration policy the justification for deviating from provision 7.12 of the 2020 Belgian Code on Corporate Governance (the “2020 Code”) which requires the board to include  in the contracts with the CEO and other members of executive management  provisions that would enable the Company to recover variable remuneration paid  or withhold the payment of variable remuneration  and specify the circumstances in which it would be appropriate to do so  insofar as enforceable by law.The board of directors believes that this provision of the 2020 Code is not appropriate and adapted to take into account the realities of companies in the life sciences industry that are still in a development phase nor considers that it is necessary to apply claw-back provisions as (i) the pay-out of the short-term variable remuneration  based on the achievement of one or more individual objectives and one or more Company objectives as set by the board of directors  is paid only upon achievement of those objectives  and (ii) the Company does not apply any other performance-based remuneration or variable compensation.Furthermore  the ESOP warrant plans set up by the Company contain bad leaver provisions that can result in the unexercised share options  whether vested or not  automatically and immediately becoming null and void if the agreement or other relationship between the holder and the (relevant subsidiary of the) Company is terminated for “cause”. Notwithstanding the Company’s position that warrants are not to be qualified as variable remuneration (when not depending on performance criteria)  the board of directors is of the opinion that such bad leaver provisions sufficiently protect the Company’s interests and that it is therefore currently not necessary to provide for additional contractual provisions that give the Company a contractual right to reclaim any (variable) remuneration from the members of the executive management.For those reasons  there are no contractual provisions in place between the Company and the members of the executive management that give the Company a contractual right to reclaim from said executives any variable remuneration that would be awarded.Proposed decision : The shareholders’ meeting decides to approve the amended remuneration policy.6. Appointment of directorOn January 8  2023  the board of directors decided to appoint Wildman Ventures LLC (permanently represented by Mr. Daniel Wildman) on a provisional basis (“cooptation”) as a director in order to replace Mr. Raymond Cohen in accordance with Article 7:88 of the CCA and article 13 of the Company's articles of association. Based on the information made available by Mr. Daniel Wildman  it was determined that both Wildman Ventures LLC and Mr. Daniel Wildman satisfy the applicable requirements for Wildman Ventures LLC (permanently represented by Mr. Daniel Wildman) to be appointed as an independent director in accordance with Article 7:87 of the CCA and provision 3.5 of the 2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code. Mr. Daniel Wildman also explicitly declared that neither he nor Wildman Ventures LLC has any connections with the Company or an important shareholder  which would interfere with their independence. The board of directors recommends that the appointment of Wildman Ventures LLC (permanently represented by Mr. Daniel Wildman) as independent director be confirmed and that Wildman Ventures LLC (permanently represented by Mr. Daniel Wildman) completes Mr. Raymond Cohen’s term of office ending at the annual shareholders' meeting to be held in 2024.Proposed decision : The shareholders' meeting decides to confirm the appointment of Wildman Ventures LLC  with address at 12520 Sunnydale Drive  Wellington  FL 33414  USA  and permanently represented by Mr. Daniel Wildman  as an independent director of the Company within the meaning of Article 7:87 of the CCA and provision 3.5 of the 2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code  completing Mr. Raymond Cohen’s term of office ending at the annual shareholders' meeting to be held in 2024. The mandate of Wildman Ventures LLC (permanently represented by Mr. Daniel Wildman) is remunerated as provided for the non-executive (independent) members of the board of directors in the Company’s remuneration policy as adopted by the shareholders’ meeting and as decided by the annual shareholders’ meeting of June 8  2022.ADMISSION FORMALITIES AND PARTICIPATION IN THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGIn order to attend the shareholders’ meeting on June 14  2023  the holders of shares and subscription rights are requested to comply with articles 26 and 27 of the Company’s articles of association and the following formalities.The holders of subscription rights issued by the Company can  in accordance with Article 7:135 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  only attend the shareholders’ meeting with a consultative vote.In order to be able to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting  a holder of securities issued by the Company must satisfy two conditions: (a) be registered as holder of such securities on the registration date and (b) notify the Company  as described below.Registration dateThe registration date is May 31  2023 at midnight (Belgian time). Only persons registered as securities holders on that date and time will be entitled to attend and (if they are shareholders) vote at the meeting. The number of securities held by the securities holder on the day of the meeting will not be taken into account.Holders of registered shares or subscription rights must be registered in the Company's share register or subscription rights register  as the case may be  by midnight (Belgian time) on May 31  2023.Holders of dematerialised shares must deliver  or have delivered  to the Company  at the latest on June 8  2023 at midnight (Belgian time)  a certificate issued by the authorised account holder or by the settlement institution certifying the number of dematerialised shares registered in the name of the shareholder in its accounts on the registration date  for which the shareholder has declared his intention to participate in the meeting. This certificate must be sent to the Company by e-mail to shareholders@nyxoah.com.Intention to participate in the meetingThe securities holders must inform the board of directors of the Company by e-mail to shareholders@nyxoah.com  no later than June 8  2023  of their intention to participate in the meeting  indicate the number of securities for which they intend to vote  and  for holders of dematerialized shares  present proof of their registration as a shareholder on the registration date.In order to attend the meeting  securities holders and proxy holders must prove their identity and representatives of legal entities must submit documents establishing their identity and their power of representation  at the latest immediately before the start of the meeting.Voting by proxy or by mailShareholders can exercise their voting rights prior to the meeting either (i) by voting by mail or (ii) by giving a proxy to a representative of the Company.If shareholders vote by proxy  the proxy holder will be a representative of the Company. This proxy holder may only exercise the voting right in accordance with the voting instructions contained in the proxy.The proxy voting form and the form for voting by mail approved by the Company must be used for this purpose. These forms can be downloaded from the Company’s website (https://investors.nyxoah.com/shareholder-information > Shareholders' Meetings).If shareholders vote by proxy or by mail  they must  in addition to the above formalities  send by e-mail to shareholders@nyxoah.com a duly completed and signed proxy voting form or form for voting by mail. These documents must reach the Company no later than June 8  2023.Note that the proxy voting forms and the forms for voting by mail may be signed by using an electronic signature as provided for in Article 7:143 § 2 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations.Participation in the virtual shareholders’ meetingSecurities holders wishing to participate remotely  virtually and in real time  to the Company's annual shareholders’ meeting are required to confirm their participation and communicate their e-mail address to the Company by June 8  2023 at the latest by e-mail to shareholders@nyxoah.com.A few days before the shareholders’ meeting  securities holders who have completed this formality will receive by e-mail (at the address they will have communicated to the Company) a link  and as the case may be a user name and a password  enabling them to follow and participate in the shareholders’ meeting via their computer  tablet or smartphone.Just before the start of the shareholders’ meeting  the securities holders will have to click on the link that will have been previously communicated to them by e-mail  and as the case may be enter their user name and password  in order to join the virtual shareholders’ meeting.Securities holders attending the virtual shareholders’ meeting will have the opportunity to view the live broadcast of the meeting in real time and to ask questions to the directors  as the case may be in writing  during the meeting regarding the items on the agenda.New agenda items  proposed decisions and right to ask questionsShareholders holding at least 3% of the capital who wish to request the inclusion of new items on the agenda or to submit proposals for decision must  in addition to the above formalities  establish on the date of their request proof of ownership of the required participation in the capital and send the text of the agenda items and the proposed decisions by e-mail to shareholders@nyxoah.com  no later than May 23  2023. The request must also mention the e-mail address to which the Company will send the confirmation of receipt of the request.The case being  the revised agenda will be published no later than May 30  2023.Shareholders who wish to do so may send any questions they may have to the Company  relating solely to the agenda of the annual shareholders’ meeting  by e-mail to shareholders@nyxoah.com  no later than June 8  2023. The answers to these questions will be provided during the annual shareholders’ meeting in accordance with applicable law.DocumentationAll documents concerning the annual shareholders’ meeting that are required by law to be made available  as well as the total number of shares and voting rights outstanding  are available on the Company's website on: https://investors.nyxoah.com/shareholder-information. The documents are also available at the seat of the Company and can only be consulted by appointment made by e-mail (shareholders@nyxoah.com). Shareholders may also obtain a hard copy of these documents free of charge by sending an e-mail to shareholders@nyxoah.com.The aforementioned formalities  as well as the instructions on the Company's website and on the proxy voting forms and forms for voting by mail must be strictly observed.VariousQuorum : There is no particular quorum requirement for the deliberation and voting of the decisions proposed in the agenda of the annual shareholders' meeting.Voting : Each share entitles the holder to one vote.Majority : In accordance with applicable law  the decisions proposed in the agenda of the annual shareholders’ meeting will be adopted if they are approved by a simple majority of the votes validly cast by the shareholders present or represented at the shareholders’ meeting.Personal data : The Company is responsible for the processing of personal data that it receives or collects from holders of securities issued by the Company and agents in connection with the Company’s shareholders’ meeting.The processing of such data will be carried out for the purpose of organizing and holding the shareholders' meeting  including convening  registration  attendance and voting  as well as maintaining lists or registers of securities holders and for purposes of analysis of the Company’s securities holders’ base.The data includes  but is not limited to  the following: identification data  the number and nature of a holder's securities issued by the Company  proxies and voting instructions. This information may also be transferred to third parties for the purpose of assisting or servicing the Company in connection with the foregoing.The processing of such data will be carried out  mutatis mutandis  in accordance with the Company's privacy notice available on the Company's website: https://www.nyxoah.com/privacy-notice-nyxoah.The Company draws the attention of holders of securities issued by the Company and agents to the description of the rights they may have as data subjects  such as  inter alia  the right of inspection  the right to rectify and the right to object to processing  which are set out in the section entitled “What rights can you exercise?” of the aforementioned privacy notice.All this is without prejudice to the applicable rules on registration  use of information and participation in shareholders’ meeting in order to exercise your rights as a data subject. For any other information relating to the processing of personal data by or on behalf of the Company  the Company can be contacted by e-mail at privacy@nyxoah.com.The board of directorsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"[""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Invitation', 'Company', 'June', 'Rue Edouard Belin', 'electronic communication tool', 'Mr. Donald Deyo', 'Mr. Jan Janssen', 'Mr. Raymond Cohen', 'life sciences industry', 'ESOP warrant plans', 'statutory annual accounts', 'other performance-based remuneration', 'short-term variable remuneration', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'relevant securities holders', 'statutory auditor', 'annual report', 'other place', 'other members', 'variable compensation', 'remuneration policy', 'remuneration committee', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'NYXOAH SA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'video conference', 'extra facility', 'voting rights', 'convening notice', 'attendance list', 'financial year', 'financial statements', 'Corporate Governance', 'executive management', 'development phase', 'remuneration report', 'individual objectives', 'due time', 'Belgian Code', 'claw-back provisions', 'Company objectives', '2020 Code', 'May', '7:00am', '1:00am', 'NYXH', '1435 Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Invitation', 'June', 'board', 'directors', 'Wednesday', 'seat', 'questions', 'case', 'writing', 'modalities', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'items', 'agenda', 'rules', 'mail', 'proxy', 'representative', 'order', 'keeping', 'CET', 'Acknowledgement', 'discussion', 'December', 'Approval', 'allocation', 'result', 'decision', 'Discharge', 'office', 'mandate', 'recommendation', 'justification', 'contracts', 'CEO', 'payment', 'circumstances', 'realities', 'out', 'achievement', '2:00', '1:30']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-First-quarter-2023-earnings-43825706/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230512,Societe Generale: First quarter 2023 earnings,(marketscreener.com)   RESULTS AT 31 MARCH 2023   Press releaseParis  12 May 2023 SOLID RESULTS AND FUNDAMENTALS Robust business performance driven by strong growth at Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and an excellent contribution by Global B…,Days : Hours : Minutes : Seconds Societe Generale: First quarter 2023 earnings 05/12/2023 | 12:26am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields RESULTS AT 31 MARCH 2023 Press releaseParis  12 May 2023 SOLID RESULTS AND FUNDAMENTALS Robust business performance driven by strong growth at Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and an excellent contribution by Global Banking and Investor Solutions  while French Retail Banking has been temporarily impacted by a decrease in the net interest marginGroup Revenues down -3.8%* under IFRS 17 vs. Q1 22 with business revenues up by +0.3%* vs. Q1 22 Underlying cost-to-income ratio  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  at 60.5% Low cost of risk at 13 basis points in Q1 23  with limited defaults and a stable stock of provisions for performing loans of EUR 3.8 billion at end-March 2023; cost of risk for 2023 expected below 30 basis points Underlying Group net income of EUR 1.5 billion(1) (EUR 868 million on a reported basis  up +5.7% vs. Q1 22) Underlying profitability (ROTE) at 10.7%(1) ROBUST BALANCE SHEET AND LIQUIDITY PROFILE CET 1 ratio of 13.5%(2) at end-March 2023  around 410 basis points above the regulatory requirement  approval by the ECB of the 2022 share buy-back programme for around EUR 440 millionLiquidity Coverage Ratio up by a sharp 171% at end Q1 23 owing to a 0.7% increase in deposits over the quarter and liquidity reserves strengthened to EUR 296 billion2023 long-term funding programme  more than 70% completed CONTINUED ORDERLY EXECUTION OF STRATEGIC INITIATIVES Merger between the retail banking networks in France: successful first IT migration in March  according to schedule. Second IT migration planned for 13 and 14 May 2023 Growth of Boursorama: profitability breakeven reached in Q1 23 amid durably robust growth in client’s acquisition Acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD: agreement signed by ALD to sell six subsidiaries. ALD’s Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 22 May 2023 Creation of Bernstein: a top-tier global equity research and cash equity franchise  signature of the acquisition agreement with AllianceBernstein Fréderic Oudéa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“Amid a persistently uncertain and complex economic and financial environment  Societe Generale has posted again this quarter solid commercial performances and results which confirm the quality of the Group’s franchises and are based on sound cost and risk management. The strength of the balance sheet is confirmed in every aspect  capital  liquidity and the quality of the loan portfolio. We have also fully achieved some very important milestones to renew the Group’s business model following the successful execution of major strategic projects  such as the creation of our new retail bank SG in France  continued growth at Boursorama and the planned closing of the LeasePlan acquisition by ALD to create a global leader in sustainable mobility. These unprecedented and strongly value-creating projects will help the Group meet its sustainable profitability targets. On the eve of our managerial transition  I would like to express my warmest gratitude to all the employees of the Group for their tremendous support and for their extraordinary contribution to the growth of our company.” GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 6 671 7 043 -5.3% -3.8%* Operating expenses (5 057) (5 131) -1.4% +0.3%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (4 201) (4 147) +1.3% +3.6%* Gross operating income 1 614 1 912 -15.6% -14.6%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 2 470 2 896 -14.7% -14.1%* Net cost of risk (182) (561) -67.6% -51.4%* Operating income 1 432 1 351 +6.0% -5.9%* Underlying operating income(1) 2 288 2 335 -2.0% -8.7%* Net profits or losses from other assets (17) 2 n/s n/s Income tax (328) (333) -1.6% -4.0%* Net income 1 092 1 020 +7.1% -7.9%* O.w. non-controlling interests 224 199 +12.6% +12.4%* Group net income 868 821 +5.7% -12.0%* Underlying Group net income(1) 1 508 1 538 -2.0% -11.5%* ROE 5.0% 5.1% ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying ROTE(1) 10.7% 11.6% Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 11 May 2023 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined Societe Generale Group’s results for Q1 23. The various restatements enabling the transition from underlying data to published data are presented in the Methodology notes in Section 9.5. Since 1 January 2023  Societe Generale has retrospectively applied IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9 – Financial lnstruments(2) to its insurance activities  with effect from 1 January 2022. The press release published on 11 May 2023 detailing the standards’ impacts is set out in Appendix 3 (section 10). Net banking income Net banking income showed resilience in Q1 23 at -3.8%* vs. Q1 22 and slightly up by +0.3%* for the businesses  driven by strong revenue growth in Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and by solid momentum in Global Banking and Investor Solutions  while French Retail Banking is being temporarily impacted by a decreased net interest margin. Given that the benefit of rising interest rates on deposits was largely offset by the ALM interest rate hedging policy  Retail Banking’s revenues in France fell by -11.0% vs. Q1 22  largely due to higher interest rates on regulated savings schemes  the end of the benefit of the TLTRO programme and the usury rate’s impact on loan activity  despite sound momentum in fees and a solid performance from Private Banking. Revenues at International Retail Banking & Financial Services grew by +6.5% (+15.3%*) vs. Q1 22  with solid growth by International Retail Banking  where revenues increased by +6.5%* vs. Q1 22  a very strong performance by Financial Services of +26.3%* vs. Q1 22 that was driven by ALD  and by Insurance revenues  which climbed by +51.2%* vs. Q1 22 under IFRS 17. Global Banking & Investor Solutions registered stable Q1 23 revenues relative to Q1 22. Global Markets & Investor Services’ revenues were slightly below the very sound Q1 22 performance (-1.7%)  while Financing & Advisory continued to post revenue growth  registering an increase of +4.7% vs. Q1 22. Operating expenses On a reported basis  operating expenses came to EUR 5 057 million in Q1 23  down -1.4% vs. Q1 22. On an underlying basis  they totalled EUR 4 201 million (adjusted for IFRIC 21 linearisation and transformation charges)  i.e. a moderate rise of +1.3% relative to Q1 22. Contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) stood at EUR 672 million in Q1 23  which isEUR -192 million less than in Q1 22 (EUR 864 million). Excluding the Single Resolution Fund contribution  the underlying cost-to-income ratio(2) is 60.5%  which is below the target range between 66% and 68% for 2023. Cost of risk The cost of risk for Q1 23 was low at 13 basis points  i.e.  EUR 182 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 206 million (14 basis points) and a reversal on performing loans for EUR -24 million (-2 basis points). At end-March 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 758 million  down EUR -11 million relative to 31 December 2022. The non-performing loans ratio stood at 2.8%(2) at 31 March 2023  down around 10 basis points vs. 31 March 2022. The gross coverage ratio on doubtful loans for the Group stood at 49%(3) at 31 March 2023. The cost of risk in 2023 is expected to be below 30 basis points. With respect to risk exposure  the Group has a diversified corporate loan portfolio of EUR 385 billion at 31 March 2023 representing around 34% of Group exposure (EUR 1 136 billion at 31 March 2023)  with limited concentration risk. More specifically  the Group has very limited exposure to regional banks in the US (EaD(4) < USD 100 million). The Group also has low exposure to the commercial corporate real estate sector. Exposure to the sector stood at 1.9% of the Group’s total Exposure at Default at 31 March 2023  within total exposure of 3.2% to the corporate real estate sector. This exposure is based on a prudent and disciplined origination policy and is diversified geographically – 79% in Western Europe  12% in the US and 7% in Asia – with moderate focus on office real estate (25%) and presents a loan-to-value ratio(5) of 50%. Furthermore  the Group’s exposure to Leverage Buy-Out (LBO) financing is small and has a low concentration level  which is consistent with a selective lending policy. Exposure at Default (EAD) is approximately EUR 5 billion  or ~0.4% of the Group’s total EAD. Last  offshore exposure to Russia was reduced by around EUR 0.2 billion in the first quarter to EUR 1.6 billion at 31 March 2023  i.e. a decrease of -50% since 31 December 2021. The risk exposure on this portfolio is now estimated to be less than EUR 0.5 billion  compared with less than EUR 0.6 billion for the previous quarter. Total provisions stood at EUR 0.4 billion at end-March 2023. In addition  the Group’s residual exposure to Rosbank was extremely limited at end-March 2023  at less than EUR 0.1 billion. Group net income In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Reported Group net income 868 821 Underlying Group net income(1) 1 508 1 538 As a % Q1-23 Q1 22 ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying ROTE(1) 10.7% 11.6% (2) Earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.88 in Q1 23. Underlying earnings per share amounted to EUR 1.05 over the same period. THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 68.7 billion at 31 March 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 72.3 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 64.2. The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 554 billion at 31 March 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 11) stood at EUR 945 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 503 billion  which is a -2.5% decrease compared with 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 598 billion  up +0.7% vs. 31 December 2022. At 26 April 2023  the parent company had issued EUR 27.6 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 5.2 years and an average spread of 88 basis points (over 6-month midswaps  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 1.25 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 28.85 billion in medium/long-term debt. The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 171% at end-March 2023 (169% on average for the quarter)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. Concurrently  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 115% at end-March 2023. The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 361.0 billion at 31 March 2023 vs. EUR 362.4 billion at end-December 2022 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk account for 83.8% of the total  i.e.  EUR 302.3 billion  down -0.1% vs. 31 December 2022. At 31 March 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.5%  or around 410 basis points above the regulatory requirement. The CET 1 ratio includes a +9 basis-point impact from the phase-in of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.4%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 16.5% at end-March 2023 (16.3% at end-December 2022) while the total capital ratio amounted to 19.4% (19.4% at end-December 2022). The leverage ratio stood at 4.2% at 31 March 2023 (4.4% at end-December 2022). With an RWA ratio of 33.7% and leverage exposure of 8.5% at end-March 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 34.3% of RWA and 8.6% of leverage exposure at end-March 2023  are also far above the regulatory requirements. The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  stable rating  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”. FRENCH RETAIL BANKINGIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 1 932 2 170 -11.0% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 942 2 147 -9.5% Operating expenses (1 664) (1 698) -2.0% Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 535) (1 528) +0.5% Gross operating income 268 472 -43.2% Underlying gross operating income(1) 397 642 -38.2% Net cost of risk (89) (47) +89.4% Operating income 179 425 -57.9% Net profits or losses from other assets 5 0 n/s Group net income 138 316 -56.3% Underlying Group net income(1) 233 442 -47.2% RONE 4.5% 10.7% Underlying RONE(1) 7.5% 15.0% (2)SG networks Average loan outstandings were stable on the Q1 22 level at EUR 211 billion. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional customers (excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans) were around +5% higher vs. Q1 22. Home loans were stable on the Q1 22 level  which is consistent with the Group’s selective origination policy. Average outstanding balance sheet deposits  which include all deposits from corporate and professional  rose by around +1% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 248 billion. As a result  the average loan to deposit ratio stood at 85% in Q1 23  which is a 1 percentage point improvement on the Q1 22 level. Life insurance assets under management totalled EUR 111 billion at end-March 2023  stable vs. Q1 22 (with the unit-linked share accounting for 33%). Gross life insurance inflows amounted to EUR 3.3 billion at Q1 23. Personal protection insurance premiums were up +3% vs. Q1 22 while property/casualty insurance premiums increased +7% vs. Q1 22. Boursorama Boursorama attracted around 297 000 new clients in the first quarter of 2023  thereby consolidating its position as the leading online bank in France  and registered more than 4.9 million clients atend-March 2023. Average loan outstandings grew by +6.7% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 15.2 billion. Home loan outstandings climbed by +6.9% vs. Q1 22  while consumer loan outstandings were up +4.7% vs. Q1 22. Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were +39.4% higher vs. Q1 22 at EUR 51.0 billion. Deposits rose by a sharp +39.4% vs. Q1 22  notably on back of durably brisk inflow momentum during the quarter. Life insurance outstandings increased by +67.4% vs. Q1 22  with the unit-linked share accounting for 42%. Boursorama reinforced its day-to-day banking operations  registering growth in payment volumes of +48% vs. Q1 22. During the first quarter  Boursorama became B CorpTM certified and pledged to continue improving its CSR approach. At end-March 2023  the online bank posted net income at breakeven while pursuing its target to attract new clients. Revenues accelerated relative to the year-earlier period (1.6x vs. Q1 22  excluding new client acquisition costs) and were notably driven by continued client onboarding growth and a favourable interest rate environment. At the same time  Boursorama posted decreases in both client acquisition costs (~-9% vs. Q1 22 and ~- 21% vs. Q1 21) and cost-to-serve (~-11% on average since 2019). Boursorama is growing in step with a limited increase of its teams  46 new employees have been recruited since end-2021. The online bank’s total headcount of full-time employees (FTE) stood at 898 at end-March 2023. Private Banking Private Banking activities  which have been housed in French Retail Banking since the beginning of 2022  cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France. Assets under management totalled EUR 132 billion at Q1 23  excluding activities formerly managed by Lyxor. Private Banking’s net asset inflows amounted to EUR 2.4 billion at Q1 23. Net banking income stood at EUR 326 million in Q1 23  which is a +2.8% increase vs. Q1 22. Net banking income Revenues for the quarter totalled EUR 1 932 million. Revenues are down -9.5% vs. Q1 22 excluding PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues including PEL/CEL was down by -18% vs. Q1 22  and was notably impacted by higher interest rates on regulated savings schemes  the consequences of the usury rate and the end of the benefit of the TLTRO. Fee income was stable relative to Q1 22. As the benefit of positive interest rates on deposits being temporarily offset by the short-term hedging policy  2023 will be a transition year for French Retail Bank revenues due to an expected decrease in the net interest margin  stemming notably from the negative impacts of regulated savings (totalling around EUR 0.4 billion compared with 2022)  the end of the TLTRO benefit (around EUR 0.3 billion compared to 2022)  and the consequences of the usury rate on mortgage loans  which affects loan production volumes and margins  both of which have decreased. Based on March 2023 forward rates and assumptions on outstandings in line with current environment  the projection of net interest margin of French retail banking in 2023 is expected down by around -15% to -20% vs. 2022. The benefit of positive interest rates will materialise as of 2024 as these hedges mature. Operating expenses Operating expenses over the quarter were EUR 1 664 million (-2.0% vs. Q1 22) and EUR 1 535 million on an underlying basis (+0.5% vs. Q1 22). The underlying cost-to-income ratio stood at 79.5% at Q1 23. Cost of risk Over the first quarter  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 89 million or 14 basis points  which was lower than in Q4 22 (35 basis points). Group net income The contribution to underlying Group net income was EUR 233 million in Q1 23  down -47% vs. Q1 22. Underlying RONE stood at 7.5% in Q1 23. INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING & FINANCIAL SERVICESIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 2 206 2 071 +6.5% +15.3%* Operating expenses (1 108) (1 083) +2.3% +12.2%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 039) (1 011) +2.8% +13.5%* Gross operating income 1 098 988 +11.1% +18.6%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 167 1 060 +10.1% +17.0%* Net cost of risk (91) (325) -72.0% -31.9%* Operating income 1 007 663 +51.9% +26.6%* Net profits or losses from other assets (1) 2 n/s n/s Group net income 564 361 +56.2% +19.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 600 400 +50.1% +17.6%* RONE 21.4% 13.1% Underlying RONE(1) 22.7% 14.5% (2)(3) International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans posted growth of +5.8%* vs. Q1 22 to EUR 88.9 billion. Outstanding deposits grew slightly by +0.7%* vs. Q1 22 to EUR 81.5 billion. In Europe  outstanding loans rose by +7.7% compared with end-March 2022 to EUR 65.3 billion  driven by strong momentum in all regions  and particularly in the Czech Republic (+9.8% vs. Q1 22) and Romania (+11.1% vs. Q1 22). Outstanding deposits advanced by +1.5% vs. Q1 22 toEUR 55.1 billion  up by +6.9% on end-December 2022. Commercial performances continued to be solid in all regions in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  where loan outstandings rose by +5.0% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 23.6 billion amid an improved economic context. Deposits also increased by +5.1% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 26.4 billion  taking the loan-deposit ratio to 89% in Q1 23. In the Insurance activity  life insurance outstandings were stable on Q1 22 at EUR 132.9 billion. The share of unit-linked products in outstandings was 37%  up +1 point over the same period. Gross life insurance savings inflows amounted to EUR 3.6 billion  with France registering solid momentum (+1.7% vs. Q1 22). Protection insurance saw a +3.5%* increase vs. Q1-22  driven by a +7.4%* rise in P&C insurance over the same period. Financial Services also posted very robust growth. Operational Vehicle Leasing and Fleet Management posted growth of +3.2% vs. end-March 2022  driven by strong commercial momentum (excluding contracts involving Russia  Belarus  Portugal  Ireland and Norway  excepting NF Fleet Norway). The number of contracts totalled 1.8 million at end-March 2023. Equipment Finance outstanding loans were slightly higher by +1.5% relative to end-March 2022 at EUR 14.8 billion. Net banking income Net banking income amounted to EUR 2 206 million in Q1 23  up by +15.3%* vs. Q1 22. International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at EUR 1 262 million in Q1 23 up by +6.5%* vs. Q1 22. Revenues in Europe climbed +3.2% vs. Q1 22  driven by strong growth in Romania and a continued high net interest margin in the Czech Republic. Rebounds were confirmed in all regions across Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  which saw strong increases of +14.3% vs. Q1 22  with revenues driven by a high net interest margins and dynamic commercial activity in foreign exchange transactions. The Insurance business registered net banking income growth of +51.2%* to EUR 147 million vs. Q1 22 under IFRS 17. Financial Services’ net banking income grew sharply (+26.3%*) vs. Q1 22 at EUR 797 million. ALD continued to benefit in the first quarter from the adjustment of vehicle depreciation costs (EUR 163 million in Q1 23)  which is consistent with the increase in the residual value of vehicles and high income from used-car sales  with the average selling price per vehicle in Q1 23 being EUR 2 535 (EUR 3 102 excluding the depreciation curve adjustment). Operating expenses Operating expenses increased by +12.2%* on a reported basis (+13.5%* on an underlying basis) vs. Q1 22 to EUR 1 108 million  generating a positive jaws effect with an underlying cost-income ratio of 47.1% in Q1 23  lower than in Q1-22 (48.8%). At International Retail Banking  the costs increase remained under control over the quarter at +6.1%* on an underlying basis vs. Q1 22 despite spiking inflation. In the Insurance business  operating expenses increased by +21.0%* vs. Q1 22  resulting in a cost-to-income ratio of 15.6%. At Financial Services  operating expenses increased by +32.5%* on an underlying basis vs. Q1 22. The increase can be attributed to the recognition of expenses related to the preparation of the LeasePlan acquisition. Cost of risk Over the first quarter  the cost of risk fell to 27 basis points (or EUR 91 million) vs. 40 basis points in Q4 22. Group net income The contribution to Group net income was EUR 564 million in Q1-23  up by +19.6%* vs. Q1 22 and EUR 600 million on an underlying basis (+17.6%* vs. Q1 22). Underlying RONE stood at 22.7% in Q1 23  vs. 14.5% in Q1 22. Underlying RONE was 18.2% in International Retail Banking and 27.7% in Financial Services and Insurance at end-March 2023. GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 2 758 2 755 +0.1% -1.3%* Operating expenses (2 043) (2 172) -5.9% -6.1%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 603) (1 611) -0.5% -0.8%* Gross operating income 715 583 +22.6% +15.9%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 155 1 144 +1.0% -1.9%* Net cost of risk (5) (194) -97.4% -97.4%* Operating income 710 389 +82.5% +68.5%* Group net income 565 302 +87.1% +73.1%* Underlying Group net income(1) 899 734 +22.6% +18.7%* RONE 15.5% 8.6% Underlying RONE(1) 24.7% 20.8% Net banking income Global Banking & Investor Solutions once again delivered an outstanding performance in the first quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 758 million  which is stable with respect to the very strong Q1 22 result. Global Markets & Investor Services recorded net banking income of EUR 1 931 million in Q1 23  which was slightly down by -1.7% on the Q1 22 level. Global Markets’ first-quarter performance very nearly matched last year’s record (4) (5) of EUR 1 721 million (a slight -3.2% decrease vs. Q1 22) on the back of robust commercial activity  particularly in the rates activities and financing businesses. Against a favourable backdrop of spiking volatility in interest rates and currencies  Fixed Income and Currencies (FIC) turned in their best quarter since Q1-12  posting revenues of EUR 890 million  up by a strong +16.0% vs. Q1 22. This excellent performance can be attributed to robust commercial momentum. The Equities business recorded an overall positive performance  posting Q1 23 revenues of EUR 831 million  down -17.7% vs. a record(2) Q1 22 and up +28.8% vs. Q4 22. Market conditions were less favourable due to lower volumes and weaker volatility. Securities Services’ revenues grew by +11.7% over the quarter to EUR 210 million. Excluding the impact of the revaluation of our stake in Euroclear  business activity was stable compared with Q1 22. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration totalled EUR 4 605 billion and EUR 584 billion  respectively. Financing & Advisory activities registered a solid performance with Q1 revenues of EUR 827 million  up +4.7% vs. Q1 22. The Global Banking & Advisory business turned in a very praiseworthy performance  with revenue decreasing slightly by -4.9% vs. Q1 22  which was a record first quarter. This activity benefited notably from very strong market momentum in Asset Finance. Investment banking returned to growth amid persistently complex market conditions  thanks notably to debt capital market activities and telecommunications  media and technology (TMT) sector financing. The Asset-Backed Products and Natural Resources platforms showed sound resilience  posting minor contractions compared with a Q1 22 result that bordered on a record high. Activities involving the renewable energies sector continued to deliver solid growth. Global Transaction and Payment Services once again posted an excellent performance  with revenue growth of +51.1% vs. Q1 22 that took advantage of positive interest rates and very sound commercial performances. Operating expenses Operating expenses came to EUR 2 043 million in Q1 23  down -5.9% vs. Q1 22. The decline can be attributed to the highly disciplined approach to cost management and to the smaller contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) (in Q1 23  contribution to the SRF came to EUR 491 million vs. EUR 622 million in Q1 22). Excluding the SRF contribution and on an underlying basis  operating expenses rose by a very minor +1.7% vs. Q1 22. This brought the underlying cost-to-income ratio excluding the SRF contribution to 53.7% vs. 52.8% in Q1 22. Cost of risk Over the first quarter  the cost of risk improved sharply to 1 basis point (or EUR 5 million) vs. 16 basis points in Q4 22. Group net income The contribution to Group net income was EUR 565 million on a reported basis and EUR 899 million on an underlying basis  up by a strong +22.6% vs. Q1 22. Global Banking & Investor Solutions posted strong underlying RONE of 24.7% in Q1 23 (or 27.3% restated for the impact of the SRF contribution)  i.e. an improvement on the Q1 22 RONE of 20.8%. CORPORATE CENTREIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Net banking income (225) 47 Operating expenses (242) (178) Underlying operating expenses(6) (23) 3 Gross operating income (467) (131) Underlying gross operating income(1) (248) 50 Net cost of risk 3 5 Net profits or losses from other assets (21) - Income tax 113 19 Group net income (399) (158) Underlying Group net income(1) (225) (37) The Corporate Centre includes: the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses. The Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -225 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR +47 million in Q1 22. It notably includes the negative impact from the unwinding of derivatives taken out against the TLTRO scheme for around EUR -0.1 billion at Q1 23 (approximately EUR -0.3 billion in 2023) and the negative impact of the introduction of IFRS 17 (almost 70 million euros)  which was offset by operating expenses  resulting in an almost zero impact on gross operating income. Operating expenses totalled EUR -242 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -178 million in Q1 22. In particular  they include the Group’s transformation costs for a total amount of EUR -182 million relating to French Retail Banking activities (EUR -140 million)  Global Banking & Investor Solutions (EUR -11 million) and the Corporate Centre (EUR -31 million). Underlying costs came to EUR -23 million in Q1-23 vs. EUR +3 million in Q1 22. Gross operating income totalled EUR -467 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -131 million in Q1 22. Underlying gross operating income totalled EUR -248 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR 50 million in Q1 22. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income totalled EUR -399 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -158 million in Q1 22. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group underlying net income stood atEUR -225 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -37 million in Q1 22. 7. 2023 AND 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2023 and 2024 Financial communication calendarMay 23rd  2023 Combined annual general meetingAugust 3rd  2023 Second quarter and half year 2023 resultsNovember 3rd  2023 Third quarter and nine-month 2023 resultsFebruary 8th  2024 Fourth quarter and full year 2023 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal. 8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESS In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Variation French Retail Banking 138 316 -56.3% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 564 361 +56.2% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 565 302 +87.1% Core Businesses 1 267 979 +29.4% Corporate Centre (399) (158) n/s Group 868 821 +5.7% CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET In EUR m 31.03.2023 31.12.2022 Cash  due from central banks 223 149 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 494 709 427 151 Hedging derivatives 30 909 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 93 598 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 27 288 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 79 019 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 494 317 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (1 942) (2 262) Investments of insurance companies 438 353 Tax assets 4 415 4 484 Other assets 68 277 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 050 1 081 Deferred profit-sharing - - Investments accounted for using the equity method 156 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 34 457 33 958 Goodwill 3 784 3 781 Total 1 553 624 1 484 900 In EUR m 31.03.2023 31.12.2022 Due to central banks 10 513 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 375 254 304 175 Hedging derivatives 43 242 46 164 Debt securities issued 137 501 133 176 Due to banks 129 836 133 011 Customer deposits 536 228 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (8 777) (9 659) Tax liabilities 1 807 1 645 Other liabilities 92 667 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 204 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 138 606 135 875 Provisions 4 391 4 579 Subordinated debts 16 782 15 948 Total liabilities 1 478 254 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 215 21 248 Other equity instruments 10 136 9 136 Retained earnings 36 243 34 479 Net income 868 1 825 Sub-total 68 462 66 688 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 285 282 Sub-total equity  Group share 68 747 66 970 Non-controlling interests 6 623 6 356 Total equity 75 370 73 326 Total 1 553 624 1 484 900 APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 - The financial information presented for the first quarter 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on May 11th  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited. 2 - Net banking income The pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity. 3 - Operating expenses Operating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. 4 - IFRIC 21 adjustment The IFRIC 21 adjustment corrects the result of the charges recognised in the accounts in their entirety when they are due (generating event) so as to recognise only the portion relating to the current quarter  i.e. a quarter of the total. It consists in smoothing the charge recognised accordingly over the financial year in order to provide a more economic idea of the costs actually attributable to the activity over the period analysed. The contributions to Single Resolution Fund (“SRF”) are part of IFRIC 21 adjusted charges  they include contributions to national resolution funds within the EU. 5 – Exceptional items – Transition from accounting data to underlying data It may be necessary for the Group to present underlying indicators in order to facilitate the understanding of its actual performance. The transition from published data to underlying data is obtained by restating published data for exceptional items and the IFRIC 21 adjustment. Moreover  the Group restates the revenues and earnings of the French Retail Banking pillar for PEL/CEL provision allocations or write-backs. This adjustment makes it easier to identify the revenues and earnings relating to the pillar’s activity  by excluding the volatile component related to commitments specific to regulated savings. The reconciliation enabling the transition from published accounting data to underlying data is set out in the table below: in EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Exceptional operating expenses (-) 856 984 IFRIC linearisation 674 841 Transformation costs(1) 182 143 Of which related to French Retail Banking 140 104 Of which related to Global Banking & Investor Solutions 11 14 Of which related to Corporate Centre 31 25 Total exceptional items (pre-tax) 856 984 Total exceptional items (post-tax) 640 717 Reported Net income - Group Share 868 821 Total exceptional items - Group share (post-tax) 640 717 Underlying Net income - Group Share 1 508 1 538 (1)6 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings The cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases. In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 French Retail BankingNet Cost Of Risk 89 47 Gross loan Outstandings 252 689 242 645 Cost of Risk in bp 14 8 International Retail Banking and Financial ServicesNet Cost Of Risk 91 325 Gross loan Outstandings 134 988 140 547 Cost of Risk in bp 27 92 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 5 194 Gross loan Outstandings 177 590 170 749 Cost of Risk in bp 1 45 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk (3) (5) Gross loan Outstandings 16 537 14 413 Cost of Risk in bp (6) (12) Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 182 561 Gross loan Outstandings 581 804 568 354 Cost of Risk in bp 13 39 The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”). 7 - ROE  ROTE  RONE The notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity. RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment. Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodology End of period (in EUR m) Q1 23 Q1 22 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 747 66 089 Deeply subordinated notes (10 823) (8 178) Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (102) (65) OCI excluding conversion reserves 640 72 Distribution provision(2) (421) (415) Distribution N-1 to be paid (1 803) (2 285) ROE equity end-of-period 56 238 55 218 Average ROE equity 56 072 54 764 Average Goodwill (3 652) (3 624) Average Intangible Assets (2 876) (2 747) Average ROTE equity 49 544 48 393 Group net Income 868 821 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (119) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 2 Ajusted Group net Income 705 704 Average ROTE equity 49 544 48 393 ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying Group net income 1 508 1 538 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (119) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 2 Ajusted Underlying Group net Income 1 345 1 421 Average ROTE equity (underlying) 50 183 49 110 Underlying ROTE 10.7% 11.6% RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm) In EURm Q1 23 Q1 22 Change French Retail Banking 12 392 11 822 +4.8% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 10 564 11 026 -4.2% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 14 562 14 127 +3.1% Core Businesses 37 518 36 975 +1.5% Corporate Center 18 554 17 789 +4.3% Group 56 072 54 764 +2.4% 8 - Net assets and tangible net assets Net assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below: End of period (in EUR m) Q1 23 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 747 66 970 65 067 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (10 823) (10 017) (8 003) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (102) (24) 20 Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 130 67 37 Net Asset Value 57 952 56 996 57 121 Goodwill (3 652) (3 652) (3 624) Intangible Assets (2 878) (2 875) (2 733) Net Tangible Asset Value 51 423 50 469 50 764 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(2) 801 471 801 147 831 162 Net Asset Value per Share 72.3 71.1 68.7 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 64.2 63.0 61.1 9 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS) The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5 (underlying EPS).The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table: Average number of shares (thousands) Q1 23 2022 2021 Existing shares 829 046 845 478 853 371 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 899 6 252 3 861 Other own shares and treasury shares 20 838 16 788 3 249 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 801 309 822 437 846 261 Group net Income 868 1 825 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (596) (590) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 705 1 230 5 051 EPS (in EUR) 0.88 1.50 5.97 Underlying EPS (in EUR) 1.05 5.87 5.52 10 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios. 11 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratio The funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps: A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources. A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet. NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules. (2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section. APPENDIX 3: IMPACTS OF THE NEW IFRS 17 STANDARDPress release Paris  11 May 2023 Societe Generale publishes today new series of 2022 quarterly results following the application since 1 January 2023 of IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” and IFRS 9 “Financial lnstruments” 73for its insurance activities  with retrospective effect from 1 January 2022. While the application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 does not modify the profitability of insurance contracts over the duration of the life of the contracts  it does however impact the following: group net income  mainly due to the change in the pace of P&L recognition and a modification of the presentation of operating expenses relating to the execution of insurance contracts  now deducted from net banking income;consolidated shareholders’ equity  due to changes in valuation methodology for the relevant assets and liabilities under the new IFRS 17 standard  as well as for assets and liabilities subject to the IFRS 9 standard. At Societe Generale Group level  the first-time application of these standards on 1 January 2023 impacted the financial statements in the following ways: a EUR 193 million decrease in 2022 reported Group net income due to the change in pace of P&L recognition (see Appendix 1);a EUR 519 million net increase in Group shareholders’ equity from the date on which the standards first applied  i.e. 1 January 2023. The series of 2022 quarterly results have been adjusted consequently and are available on the Societe Generale website. (The figures included in this press release are unaudited.) Appendix 1: Financial impacts following the application of the IFRS 17 and 9 standards on 2022 net income In EUR m Group French Retail Banking Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Net Banking Income 27 155 28 059 (904) 8 706 8 839 (133) Operating expenses (17 994) (18 630) 636 (6 403) (6 473) 70 Gross operating income 9 161 9 429 (268) 2 303 2 366 (63) Group net income 1 825 2 018 (193) 1 399 1 445 (46) In EUR m International Retail Banking and Financial Services Global Banking & Investor Solutions Corporate Centre Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Net Banking Income 8 595 9 122 (527) 10 082 10 082 0 (228) 16 (244) Operating expenses (4 009) (4 334) 325 (6 634) (6 634) 0 (948) (1 189) 241 Gross operating income 4 586 4 788 (202) 3 448 3 448 (0) (1 176) (1 173) (3) Group net income 2 226 2 376 (150) 2 427 2 427 (0) (4 227) (4 230) 3Press contact: Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.com Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses: French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation; International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com. (1) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements)(2) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)  (2) Including IFRS 9 phasing   13.4% fully-loadedAsterisks* in the document refer to data at constant scope and exchange ratesNB: 2022 data in this document was restated  in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities(1) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group7 The application of IFRS 9 on insurance subsidiaries could be deferred pursuant to the criteria allowed under the amendments to IFRS 17 and IFRS 4 published by the IASB on 25 June 2020 and extended by EU Regulations 2017/1988 and 2020/2097 of the European Commission.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 2019(3) Ratio of S3 assets calculated on the gross carrying amount of the loans before offsetting guarantees and collateral(4) Exposure at Default(5) Ratio between the gross loan outstanding and the value of the financed real estate asset (1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data) (1) Including PEL/CEL provision and adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21 (1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data) Attachment Societe-Generale_PR_Q1-2023All news about SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 05/12 Societe Generale : Availability of the first amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration .. GL 05/12 Czech lender Komercni Banka lowers 2023 revenue target as deposit costs rise RE 05/12 European Midday Briefing: Solid Earnings  U.K. Data Buoy Stocks DJ 05/12 SocGen's Overnight Economic News Summary MT 05/12 INTERVIEW - Frédéric Oudea  CEO of Société Générale.. MT 05/12 Transcript : Société Générale Société anonyme  Q1 2023 Earnings Call  May 12 .. CI 05/12 SocGen beats estimates as bond trading offsets retail banking slump RE 05/12 Societe Generale : Q1 2023 Financial Results - Presentation PU 05/12 Societe Generale : First quarter 2023 earnings GL 05/12 SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE : 1st quarter results CO Analyst Recommendations on SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 05/04 Wells Fargo cuts Flutter; Shore says 'sell' CMC AN 05/02 HSBC raises Rightmove to 'buy' from 'hold' AN 04/13 EC to propose an SVB-like resolution approach,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.14,0.32,True,English,"['First quarter 2023 earnings', 'Societe Generale', 'AllianceBernstein Fréderic Oudéa', 'new retail bank SG', 'top-tier global equity research', 'LIQUIDITY PROFILE CET 1 ratio', 'successful first IT migration', 'Second IT migration', 'cash equity franchise', 'multiple email addresses', 'Single Resolution Fund', '2022 share buy-back programme', '2023 long-term funding programme', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES Merger', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'International Retail Banking', 'retail banking networks', 'net interest margin', 'Liquidity Coverage Ratio', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'major strategic projects', 'solid commercial performances', 'First quarter 2023 earnings', 'Robust business performance', 'French Retail Banking', 'Net banking income', 'Gross operating income', 'Seconds Societe Generale', 'ROBUST BALANCE SHEET', 'CONTINUED ORDERLY EXECUTION', 'sustainable profitability targets', 'strong revenue growth', 'Group net income', 'Societe Generale Group', 'GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'income ratio', 'successful execution', 'Global Banking', 'Net profits', 'Income tax', 'First name', 'liquidity reserves', 'global leader', 'sustainable mobility', 'value-creating projects', 'business revenues', 'business model', 'Operating expenses', 'solid momentum', 'robust growth', 'Net cost', 'strong growth', 'extraordinary contribution', 'Press release', 'Investor Solutions', 'limited defaults', 'stable stock', 'regulatory requirement', 'profitability breakeven', 'six subsidiaries', 'complex economic', 'financial environment', 'loan portfolio', 'important milestones', 'planned closing', 'warmest gratitude', 'tremendous support', 'other assets', 'non-controlling interests', 'various restatements', 'underlying data', 'published data', 'Methodology notes', 'Insurance Contracts', 'Financial lnstruments', 'insurance activities', 'SOLID RESULTS', 'Group Revenues', 'excellent contribution', '13 basis points', '30 basis points', 'Low cost', 'sound cost', 'managerial transition', 'risk management', 'end Q1', 'acquisition agreement', 'LeasePlan acquisition', 'Days', 'Hours', 'Minutes', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', '31 MARCH', 'Paris', 'FUNDAMENTALS', 'Boursorama', 'ALD', 'decrease', 'IFRS', 'provisions', 'loans', 'end-March', 'ROTE', 'approval', 'ECB', 'EUR', 'sharp 17', '0.7% increase', 'deposits', 'France', 'schedule', '14 May', 'client', '22 May', 'Creation', 'signature', 'uncertain', 'quality', 'franchises', 'strength', 'aspect', 'capital', 'unprecedented', 'strongly', 'employees', 'company', 'Change', 'losses', 'ROE', 'Board', 'Directors', '11 May', 'chairmanship', 'Section', '1 January', 'effect', 'standards', 'impacts', 'Appendix', 'resilience', 'businesses', '10.']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,marketscreener.com
24846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/12/2667497/0/en/Societe-Generale-First-quarter-2023-earnings.html,Societe Generale: First quarter 2023 earnings,RESULTS AT 31 MARCH 2023       Press releaseParis  12 May 2023   SOLID RESULTS AND FUNDAMENTALS    Robust business performance driven by strong...,French EnglishRESULTS AT 31 MARCH 2023Press releaseParis  12 May 2023SOLID RESULTS AND FUNDAMENTALSRobust business performance driven by strong growth at Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and an excellent contribution by Global Banking and Investor Solutions  while French Retail Banking has been temporarily impacted by a decrease in the net interest marginGroup Revenues down -3.8%* under IFRS 17 vs. Q1 22 with business revenues up by +0.3%* vs. Q1 22Underlying cost-to-income ratio  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  at 60.5%Low cost of risk at 13 basis points in Q1 23  with limited defaults and a stable stock of provisions for performing loans of EUR 3.8 billion at end-March 2023; cost of risk for 2023 expected below 30 basis pointsUnderlying Group net income of EUR 1.5 billion(1) (EUR 868 million on a reported basis  up +5.7% vs. Q1 22)Underlying profitability (ROTE) at 10.7%(1)ROBUST BALANCE SHEET AND LIQUIDITY PROFILECET 1 ratio of 13.5%(2) at end-March 2023  around 410 basis points above the regulatory requirement  approval by the ECB of the 2022 share buy-back programme for around EUR 440 millionLiquidity Coverage Ratio up by a sharp 171% at end Q1 23 owing to a 0.7% increase in deposits over the quarter and liquidity reserves strengthened to EUR 296 billion2023 long-term funding programme  more than 70% completedCONTINUED ORDERLY EXECUTION OF STRATEGIC INITIATIVESMerger between the retail banking networks in France: successful first IT migration in March  according to schedule. Second IT migration planned for 13 and 14 May 2023Growth of Boursorama: profitability breakeven reached in Q1 23 amid durably robust growth in client’s acquisitionAcquisition of LeasePlan by ALD: agreement signed by ALD to sell six subsidiaries. ALD’s Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 22 May 2023Creation of Bernstein: a top-tier global equity research and cash equity franchise  signature of the acquisition agreement with AllianceBernsteinFréderic Oudéa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“Amid a persistently uncertain and complex economic and financial environment  Societe Generale has posted again this quarter solid commercial performances and results which confirm the quality of the Group’s franchises and are based on sound cost and risk management. The strength of the balance sheet is confirmed in every aspect  capital  liquidity and the quality of the loan portfolio. We have also fully achieved some very important milestones to renew the Group’s business model following the successful execution of major strategic projects  such as the creation of our new retail bank SG in France  continued growth at Boursorama and the planned closing of the LeasePlan acquisition by ALD to create a global leader in sustainable mobility. These unprecedented and strongly value-creating projects will help the Group meet its sustainable profitability targets. On the eve of our managerial transition  I would like to express my warmest gratitude to all the employees of the Group for their tremendous support and for their extraordinary contribution to the growth of our company.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 6 671 7 043 -5.3% -3.8%* Operating expenses (5 057) (5 131) -1.4% +0.3%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (4 201) (4 147) +1.3% +3.6%* Gross operating income 1 614 1 912 -15.6% -14.6%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 2 470 2 896 -14.7% -14.1%* Net cost of risk (182) (561) -67.6% -51.4%* Operating income 1 432 1 351 +6.0% -5.9%* Underlying operating income(1) 2 288 2 335 -2.0% -8.7%* Net profits or losses from other assets (17) 2 n/s n/s Income tax (328) (333) -1.6% -4.0%* Net income 1 092 1 020 +7.1% -7.9%* O.w. non-controlling interests 224 199 +12.6% +12.4%* Group net income 868 821 +5.7% -12.0%* Underlying Group net income(1) 1 508 1 538 -2.0% -11.5%* ROE 5.0% 5.1% ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying ROTE(1) 10.7% 11.6%Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 11 May 2023 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined Societe Generale Group’s results for Q1 23.The various restatements enabling the transition from underlying data to published data are presented in the Methodology notes in Section 9.5.Since 1 January 2023  Societe Generale has retrospectively applied IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9 – Financial lnstruments(2) to its insurance activities  with effect from 1 January 2022. The press release published on 11 May 2023 detailing the standards’ impacts is set out in Appendix 3 (section 10).Net banking incomeNet banking income showed resilience in Q1 23 at -3.8%* vs. Q1 22 and slightly up by +0.3%* for the businesses  driven by strong revenue growth in Boursorama  ALD and International Retail Banking  and by solid momentum in Global Banking and Investor Solutions  while French Retail Banking is being temporarily impacted by a decreased net interest margin.Given that the benefit of rising interest rates on deposits was largely offset by the ALM interest rate hedging policy  Retail Banking’s revenues in France fell by -11.0% vs. Q1 22  largely due to higher interest rates on regulated savings schemes  the end of the benefit of the TLTRO programme and the usury rate’s impact on loan activity  despite sound momentum in fees and a solid performance from Private Banking.Revenues at International Retail Banking & Financial Services grew by +6.5% (+15.3%*) vs. Q1 22  with solid growth by International Retail Banking  where revenues increased by +6.5%* vs. Q1 22  a very strong performance by Financial Services of +26.3%* vs. Q1 22 that was driven by ALD  and by Insurance revenues  which climbed by +51.2%* vs. Q1 22 under IFRS 17.Global Banking & Investor Solutions registered stable Q1 23 revenues relative to Q1 22. Global Markets & Investor Services’ revenues were slightly below the very sound Q1 22 performance (-1.7%)  while Financing & Advisory continued to post revenue growth  registering an increase of +4.7% vs. Q1 22.Operating expensesOn a reported basis  operating expenses came to EUR 5 057 million in Q1 23  down -1.4% vs. Q1 22. On an underlying basis  they totalled EUR 4 201 million (adjusted for IFRIC 21 linearisation and transformation charges)  i.e. a moderate rise of +1.3% relative to Q1 22.Contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) stood at EUR 672 million in Q1 23  which isEUR -192 million less than in Q1 22 (EUR 864 million).Excluding the Single Resolution Fund contribution  the underlying cost-to-income ratio(2) is 60.5%  which is below the target range between 66% and 68% for 2023.Cost of riskThe cost of risk for Q1 23 was low at 13 basis points  i.e.  EUR 182 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans of EUR 206 million (14 basis points) and a reversal on performing loans for EUR -24 million (-2 basis points).At end-March 2023  the Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 758 million  down EUR -11 million relative to 31 December 2022.The non-performing loans ratio stood at 2.8%(2) at 31 March 2023  down around 10 basis points vs. 31 March 2022. The gross coverage ratio on doubtful loans for the Group stood at 49%(3) at 31 March 2023.The cost of risk in 2023 is expected to be below 30 basis points.With respect to risk exposure  the Group has a diversified corporate loan portfolio of EUR 385 billion at 31 March 2023 representing around 34% of Group exposure (EUR 1 136 billion at 31 March 2023)  with limited concentration risk. More specifically  the Group has very limited exposure to regional banks in the US (EaD(4) < USD 100 million).The Group also has low exposure to the commercial corporate real estate sector. Exposure to the sector stood at 1.9% of the Group’s total Exposure at Default at 31 March 2023  within total exposure of 3.2% to the corporate real estate sector. This exposure is based on a prudent and disciplined origination policy and is diversified geographically – 79% in Western Europe  12% in the US and 7% in Asia – with moderate focus on office real estate (25%) and presents a loan-to-value ratio(5) of 50%.Furthermore  the Group’s exposure to Leverage Buy-Out (LBO) financing is small and has a low concentration level  which is consistent with a selective lending policy. Exposure at Default (EAD) is approximately EUR 5 billion  or ~0.4% of the Group’s total EAD.Last  offshore exposure to Russia was reduced by around EUR 0.2 billion in the first quarter to EUR 1.6 billion at 31 March 2023  i.e. a decrease of -50% since 31 December 2021. The risk exposure on this portfolio is now estimated to be less than EUR 0.5 billion  compared with less than EUR 0.6 billion for the previous quarter. Total provisions stood at EUR 0.4 billion at end-March 2023.In addition  the Group’s residual exposure to Rosbank was extremely limited at end-March 2023  at less than EUR 0.1 billion.Group net incomeIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Reported Group net income 868 821 Underlying Group net income(1) 1 508 1 538As a % Q1-23 Q1 22 ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying ROTE(1) 10.7% 11.6%(2)Earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.88 in Q1 23. Underlying earnings per share amounted to EUR 1.05 over the same period.THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 68.7 billion at 31 March 2023 (vs. EUR 67.0 billion at 31 December 2022). Net asset value per share was EUR 72.3 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 64.2.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 554 billion at 31 March 2023 vs. EUR 1 485 billion at 31 December 2022. The total funded balance sheet (see Methodology note 11) stood at EUR 945 billion vs. EUR 930 billion at 31 December 2022. The net amount of customer loan outstandings totalled EUR 503 billion  which is a -2.5% decrease compared with 31 December 2022. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 598 billion  up +0.7% vs. 31 December 2022.At 26 April 2023  the parent company had issued EUR 27.6 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 5.2 years and an average spread of 88 basis points (over 6-month midswaps  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 1.25 billion. In all  the Group has issued a total of EUR 28.85 billion in medium/long-term debt.The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) was well above regulatory requirements at 171% at end-March 2023 (169% on average for the quarter)  vs. 141% at end-December 2022. Concurrently  the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) stood at 115% at end-March 2023.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) totalled EUR 361.0 billion at 31 March 2023 vs. EUR 362.4 billion at end-December 2022 according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk account for 83.8% of the total  i.e.  EUR 302.3 billion  down -0.1% vs. 31 December 2022.At 31 March 2023  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.5%  or around 410 basis points above the regulatory requirement. The CET 1 ratio includes a +9 basis-point impact from the phase-in of IFRS 9. Excluding this impact  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.4%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 16.5% at end-March 2023 (16.3% at end-December 2022) while the total capital ratio amounted to 19.4% (19.4% at end-December 2022).The leverage ratio stood at 4.2% at 31 March 2023 (4.4% at end-December 2022).With an RWA ratio of 33.7% and leverage exposure of 8.5% at end-March 2023  the Group’s TLAC ratio is significantly above the Financial Stability Board requirements for 2023. Likewise  MREL-eligible outstandings  which stood at 34.3% of RWA and 8.6% of leverage exposure at end-March 2023  are also far above the regulatory requirements.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) FitchRatings - long-term rating “A-”  stable rating  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short-term rating “A-1”.FRENCH RETAIL BANKINGIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 1 932 2 170 -11.0% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 1 942 2 147 -9.5% Operating expenses (1 664) (1 698) -2.0% Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 535) (1 528) +0.5% Gross operating income 268 472 -43.2% Underlying gross operating income(1) 397 642 -38.2% Net cost of risk (89) (47) +89.4% Operating income 179 425 -57.9% Net profits or losses from other assets 5 0 n/s Group net income 138 316 -56.3% Underlying Group net income(1) 233 442 -47.2% RONE 4.5% 10.7% Underlying RONE(1) 7.5% 15.0%(2)SG networksAverage loan outstandings were stable on the Q1 22 level at EUR 211 billion. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional customers (excluding government-guaranteed PGE loans) were around +5% higher vs. Q1 22. Home loans were stable on the Q1 22 level  which is consistent with the Group’s selective origination policy.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits  which include all deposits from corporate and professional  rose by around +1% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 248 billion.As a result  the average loan to deposit ratio stood at 85% in Q1 23  which is a 1 percentage point improvement on the Q1 22 level.Life insurance assets under management totalled EUR 111 billion at end-March 2023  stable vs. Q1 22 (with the unit-linked share accounting for 33%). Gross life insurance inflows amounted to EUR 3.3 billion at Q1 23.Personal protection insurance premiums were up +3% vs. Q1 22 while property/casualty insurance premiums increased +7% vs. Q1 22.BoursoramaBoursorama attracted around 297 000 new clients in the first quarter of 2023  thereby consolidating its position as the leading online bank in France  and registered more than 4.9 million clients atend-March 2023.Average loan outstandings grew by +6.7% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 15.2 billion. Home loan outstandings climbed by +6.9% vs. Q1 22  while consumer loan outstandings were up +4.7% vs. Q1 22.Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were +39.4% higher vs. Q1 22 at EUR 51.0 billion. Deposits rose by a sharp +39.4% vs. Q1 22  notably on back of durably brisk inflow momentum during the quarter. Life insurance outstandings increased by +67.4% vs. Q1 22  with the unit-linked share accounting for 42%.Boursorama reinforced its day-to-day banking operations  registering growth in payment volumes of +48% vs. Q1 22.During the first quarter  Boursorama became B CorpTM certified and pledged to continue improving its CSR approach.At end-March 2023  the online bank posted net income at breakeven while pursuing its target to attract new clients. Revenues accelerated relative to the year-earlier period (1.6x vs. Q1 22  excluding new client acquisition costs) and were notably driven by continued client onboarding growth and a favourable interest rate environment.At the same time  Boursorama posted decreases in both client acquisition costs (~-9% vs. Q1 22 and ~- 21% vs. Q1 21) and cost-to-serve (~-11% on average since 2019). Boursorama is growing in step with a limited increase of its teams  46 new employees have been recruited since end-2021. The online bank’s total headcount of full-time employees (FTE) stood at 898 at end-March 2023.Private BankingPrivate Banking activities  which have been housed in French Retail Banking since the beginning of 2022  cover Private Banking activities in and outside of France. Assets under management totalled EUR 132 billion at Q1 23  excluding activities formerly managed by Lyxor. Private Banking’s net asset inflows amounted to EUR 2.4 billion at Q1 23. Net banking income stood at EUR 326 million in Q1 23  which is a +2.8% increase vs. Q1 22.Net banking incomeRevenues for the quarter totalled EUR 1 932 million. Revenues are down -9.5% vs. Q1 22 excluding PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues including PEL/CEL was down by -18% vs. Q1 22  and was notably impacted by higher interest rates on regulated savings schemes  the consequences of the usury rate and the end of the benefit of the TLTRO. Fee income was stable relative to Q1 22.As the benefit of positive interest rates on deposits being temporarily offset by the short-term hedging policy  2023 will be a transition year for French Retail Bank revenues due to an expected decrease in the net interest margin  stemming notably from the negative impacts of regulated savings (totalling around EUR 0.4 billion compared with 2022)  the end of the TLTRO benefit (around EUR 0.3 billion compared to 2022)  and the consequences of the usury rate on mortgage loans  which affects loan production volumes and margins  both of which have decreased. Based on March 2023 forward rates and assumptions on outstandings in line with current environment  the projection of net interest margin of French retail banking in 2023 is expected down by around -15% to -20% vs. 2022. The benefit of positive interest rates will materialise as of 2024 as these hedges mature.Operating expensesOperating expenses over the quarter were EUR 1 664 million (-2.0% vs. Q1 22) and EUR 1 535 million on an underlying basis (+0.5% vs. Q1 22). The underlying cost-to-income ratio stood at 79.5% at Q1 23.Cost of riskOver the first quarter  the cost of risk amounted to EUR 89 million or 14 basis points  which was lower than in Q4 22 (35 basis points).Group net incomeThe contribution to underlying Group net income was EUR 233 million in Q1 23  down -47% vs. Q1 22. Underlying RONE stood at 7.5% in Q1 23.INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING & FINANCIAL SERVICESIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 2 206 2 071 +6.5% +15.3%* Operating expenses (1 108) (1 083) +2.3% +12.2%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 039) (1 011) +2.8% +13.5%* Gross operating income 1 098 988 +11.1% +18.6%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 167 1 060 +10.1% +17.0%* Net cost of risk (91) (325) -72.0% -31.9%* Operating income 1 007 663 +51.9% +26.6%* Net profits or losses from other assets (1) 2 n/s n/s Group net income 564 361 +56.2% +19.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 600 400 +50.1% +17.6%* RONE 21.4% 13.1% Underlying RONE(1) 22.7% 14.5%(2)(3)International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans posted growth of +5.8%* vs. Q1 22 to EUR 88.9 billion. Outstanding deposits grew slightly by +0.7%* vs. Q1 22 to EUR 81.5 billion.In Europe  outstanding loans rose by +7.7% compared with end-March 2022 to EUR 65.3 billion  driven by strong momentum in all regions  and particularly in the Czech Republic (+9.8% vs. Q1 22) and Romania (+11.1% vs. Q1 22). Outstanding deposits advanced by +1.5% vs. Q1 22 toEUR 55.1 billion  up by +6.9% on end-December 2022.Commercial performances continued to be solid in all regions in Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  where loan outstandings rose by +5.0% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 23.6 billion amid an improved economic context. Deposits also increased by +5.1% vs. Q1 22 to EUR 26.4 billion  taking the loan-deposit ratio to 89% in Q1 23.In the Insurance activity  life insurance outstandings were stable on Q1 22 at EUR 132.9 billion. The share of unit-linked products in outstandings was 37%  up +1 point over the same period. Gross life insurance savings inflows amounted to EUR 3.6 billion  with France registering solid momentum (+1.7% vs. Q1 22). Protection insurance saw a +3.5%* increase vs. Q1-22  driven by a +7.4%* rise in P&C insurance over the same period.Financial Services also posted very robust growth. Operational Vehicle Leasing and Fleet Management posted growth of +3.2% vs. end-March 2022  driven by strong commercial momentum (excluding contracts involving Russia  Belarus  Portugal  Ireland and Norway  excepting NF Fleet Norway). The number of contracts totalled 1.8 million at end-March 2023. Equipment Finance outstanding loans were slightly higher by +1.5% relative to end-March 2022 at EUR 14.8 billion.Net banking incomeNet banking income amounted to EUR 2 206 million in Q1 23  up by +15.3%* vs. Q1 22.International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at EUR 1 262 million in Q1 23 up by +6.5%* vs. Q1 22.Revenues in Europe climbed +3.2% vs. Q1 22  driven by strong growth in Romania and a continued high net interest margin in the Czech Republic.Rebounds were confirmed in all regions across Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  which saw strong increases of +14.3% vs. Q1 22  with revenues driven by a high net interest margins and dynamic commercial activity in foreign exchange transactions.The Insurance business registered net banking income growth of +51.2%* to EUR 147 million vs. Q1 22 under IFRS 17.Financial Services’ net banking income grew sharply (+26.3%*) vs. Q1 22 at EUR 797 million. ALD continued to benefit in the first quarter from the adjustment of vehicle depreciation costs (EUR 163 million in Q1 23)  which is consistent with the increase in the residual value of vehicles and high income from used-car sales  with the average selling price per vehicle in Q1 23 being EUR 2 535 (EUR 3 102 excluding the depreciation curve adjustment).Operating expensesOperating expenses increased by +12.2%* on a reported basis (+13.5%* on an underlying basis) vs. Q1 22 to EUR 1 108 million  generating a positive jaws effect with an underlying cost-income ratio of 47.1% in Q1 23  lower than in Q1-22 (48.8%).At International Retail Banking  the costs increase remained under control over the quarter at +6.1%* on an underlying basis vs. Q1 22 despite spiking inflation.In the Insurance business  operating expenses increased by +21.0%* vs. Q1 22  resulting in a cost-to-income ratio of 15.6%.At Financial Services  operating expenses increased by +32.5%* on an underlying basis vs. Q1 22. The increase can be attributed to the recognition of expenses related to the preparation of the LeasePlan acquisition.Cost of riskOver the first quarter  the cost of risk fell to 27 basis points (or EUR 91 million) vs. 40 basis points in Q4 22.Group net incomeThe contribution to Group net income was EUR 564 million in Q1-23  up by +19.6%* vs. Q1 22 and EUR 600 million on an underlying basis (+17.6%* vs. Q1 22).Underlying RONE stood at 22.7% in Q1 23  vs. 14.5% in Q1 22. Underlying RONE was 18.2% in International Retail Banking and 27.7% in Financial Services and Insurance at end-March 2023.GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Change Net banking income 2 758 2 755 +0.1% -1.3%* Operating expenses (2 043) (2 172) -5.9% -6.1%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 603) (1 611) -0.5% -0.8%* Gross operating income 715 583 +22.6% +15.9%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 155 1 144 +1.0% -1.9%* Net cost of risk (5) (194) -97.4% -97.4%* Operating income 710 389 +82.5% +68.5%* Group net income 565 302 +87.1% +73.1%* Underlying Group net income(1) 899 734 +22.6% +18.7%* RONE 15.5% 8.6% Underlying RONE(1) 24.7% 20.8%Net banking incomeGlobal Banking & Investor Solutions once again delivered an outstanding performance in the first quarter  posting revenues of EUR 2 758 million  which is stable with respect to the very strong Q1 22 result.Global Markets & Investor Services recorded net banking income of EUR 1 931 million in Q1 23  which was slightly down by -1.7% on the Q1 22 level.Global Markets’ first-quarter performance very nearly matched last year’s record (4) (5) of EUR 1 721 million (a slight -3.2% decrease vs. Q1 22) on the back of robust commercial activity  particularly in the rates activities and financing businesses.Against a favourable backdrop of spiking volatility in interest rates and currencies  Fixed Income and Currencies (FIC) turned in their best quarter since Q1-12  posting revenues of EUR 890 million  up by a strong +16.0% vs. Q1 22. This excellent performance can be attributed to robust commercial momentum.The Equities business recorded an overall positive performance  posting Q1 23 revenues of EUR 831 million  down -17.7% vs. a record(2) Q1 22 and up +28.8% vs. Q4 22. Market conditions were less favourable due to lower volumes and weaker volatility.Securities Services’ revenues grew by +11.7% over the quarter to EUR 210 million. Excluding the impact of the revaluation of our stake in Euroclear  business activity was stable compared with Q1 22. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration totalled EUR 4 605 billion and EUR 584 billion  respectively.Financing & Advisory activities registered a solid performance with Q1 revenues of EUR 827 million  up +4.7% vs. Q1 22.The Global Banking & Advisory business turned in a very praiseworthy performance  with revenue decreasing slightly by -4.9% vs. Q1 22  which was a record first quarter. This activity benefited notably from very strong market momentum in Asset Finance. Investment banking returned to growth amid persistently complex market conditions  thanks notably to debt capital market activities and telecommunications  media and technology (TMT) sector financing. The Asset-Backed Products and Natural Resources platforms showed sound resilience  posting minor contractions compared with a Q1 22 result that bordered on a record high. Activities involving the renewable energies sector continued to deliver solid growth.Global Transaction and Payment Services once again posted an excellent performance  with revenue growth of +51.1% vs. Q1 22 that took advantage of positive interest rates and very sound commercial performances.Operating expensesOperating expenses came to EUR 2 043 million in Q1 23  down -5.9% vs. Q1 22. The decline can be attributed to the highly disciplined approach to cost management and to the smaller contribution to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) (in Q1 23  contribution to the SRF came to EUR 491 million vs. EUR 622 million in Q1 22). Excluding the SRF contribution and on an underlying basis  operating expenses rose by a very minor +1.7% vs. Q1 22. This brought the underlying cost-to-income ratio excluding the SRF contribution to 53.7% vs. 52.8% in Q1 22.Cost of riskOver the first quarter  the cost of risk improved sharply to 1 basis point (or EUR 5 million) vs. 16 basis points in Q4 22.Group net incomeThe contribution to Group net income was EUR 565 million on a reported basis and EUR 899 million on an underlying basis  up by a strong +22.6% vs. Q1 22.Global Banking & Investor Solutions posted strong underlying RONE of 24.7% in Q1 23 (or 27.3% restated for the impact of the SRF contribution)  i.e. an improvement on the Q1 22 RONE of 20.8%.CORPORATE CENTREIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Net banking income (225) 47 Operating expenses (242) (178) Underlying operating expenses(6) (23) 3 Gross operating income (467) (131) Underlying gross operating income(1) (248) 50 Net cost of risk 3 5 Net profits or losses from other assets (21) - Income tax 113 19 Group net income (399) (158) Underlying Group net income(1) (225) (37)The Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects  as well as several costs incurred by the Group that are not re-invoiced to the businesses.The Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR -225 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR +47 million in Q1 22. It notably includes the negative impact from the unwinding of derivatives taken out against the TLTRO scheme for around EUR -0.1 billion at Q1 23 (approximately EUR -0.3 billion in 2023) and the negative impact of the introduction of IFRS 17 (almost 70 million euros)  which was offset by operating expenses  resulting in an almost zero impact on gross operating income.Operating expenses totalled EUR -242 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -178 million in Q1 22. In particular  they include the Group’s transformation costs for a total amount of EUR -182 million relating to French Retail Banking activities (EUR -140 million)  Global Banking & Investor Solutions (EUR -11 million) and the Corporate Centre (EUR -31 million). Underlying costs came to EUR -23 million in Q1-23 vs. EUR +3 million in Q1 22.Gross operating income totalled EUR -467 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -131 million in Q1 22. Underlying gross operating income totalled EUR -248 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR 50 million in Q1 22.The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income totalled EUR -399 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -158 million in Q1 22. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group underlying net income stood atEUR -225 million in Q1 23 vs. EUR -37 million in Q1 22.7. 2023 AND 2024 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2023 and 2024 Financial communication calendarMay 23rd  2023 Combined annual general meetingAugust 3rd  2023 Second quarter and half year 2023 resultsNovember 3rd  2023 Third quarter and nine-month 2023 resultsFebruary 8th  2024 Fourth quarter and full year 2023 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Variation French Retail Banking 138 316 -56.3% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 564 361 +56.2% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 565 302 +87.1% Core Businesses 1 267 979 +29.4% Corporate Centre (399) (158) n/s Group 868 821 +5.7%CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 31.03.2023 31.12.2022 Cash  due from central banks 223 149 207 013 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 494 709 427 151 Hedging derivatives 30 909 32 971 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 93 598 92 960 Securities at amortised cost 27 288 26 143 Due from banks at amortised cost 79 019 68 171 Customer loans at amortised cost 494 317 506 635 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (1 942) (2 262) Investments of insurance companies 438 353 Tax assets 4 415 4 484 Other assets 68 277 82 315 Non-current assets held for sale 1 050 1 081 Deferred profit-sharing - - Investments accounted for using the equity method 156 146 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 34 457 33 958 Goodwill 3 784 3 781 Total 1 553 624 1 484 900In EUR m 31.03.2023 31.12.2022 Due to central banks 10 513 8 361 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 375 254 304 175 Hedging derivatives 43 242 46 164 Debt securities issued 137 501 133 176 Due to banks 129 836 133 011 Customer deposits 536 228 530 764 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (8 777) (9 659) Tax liabilities 1 807 1 645 Other liabilities 92 667 107 315 Non-current liabilities held for sale 204 220 Insurance contracts related liabilities 138 606 135 875 Provisions 4 391 4 579 Subordinated debts 16 782 15 948 Total liabilities 1 478 254 1 411 574 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 215 21 248 Other equity instruments 10 136 9 136 Retained earnings 36 243 34 479 Net income 868 1 825 Sub-total 68 462 66 688 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses 285 282 Sub-total equity  Group share 68 747 66 970 Non-controlling interests 6 623 6 356 Total equity 75 370 73 326 Total 1 553 624 1 484 900APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 - The financial information presented for the first quarter 2023 was examined by the Board of Directors on May 11th  2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited.2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in notes 5 and 8.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31st  2022. The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.4 - IFRIC 21 adjustmentThe IFRIC 21 adjustment corrects the result of the charges recognised in the accounts in their entirety when they are due (generating event) so as to recognise only the portion relating to the current quarter  i.e. a quarter of the total. It consists in smoothing the charge recognised accordingly over the financial year in order to provide a more economic idea of the costs actually attributable to the activity over the period analysed.The contributions to Single Resolution Fund (“SRF”) are part of IFRIC 21 adjusted charges  they include contributions to national resolution funds within the EU.5 – Exceptional items – Transition from accounting data to underlying dataIt may be necessary for the Group to present underlying indicators in order to facilitate the understanding of its actual performance. The transition from published data to underlying data is obtained by restating published data for exceptional items and the IFRIC 21 adjustment.Moreover  the Group restates the revenues and earnings of the French Retail Banking pillar for PEL/CEL provision allocations or write-backs. This adjustment makes it easier to identify the revenues and earnings relating to the pillar’s activity  by excluding the volatile component related to commitments specific to regulated savings.The reconciliation enabling the transition from published accounting data to underlying data is set out in the table below:in EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 Exceptional operating expenses (-) 856 984 IFRIC linearisation 674 841 Transformation costs(1) 182 143 Of which related to French Retail Banking 140 104 Of which related to Global Banking & Investor Solutions 11 14 Of which related to Corporate Centre 31 25 Total exceptional items (pre-tax) 856 984 Total exceptional items (post-tax) 640 717 Reported Net income - Group Share 868 821 Total exceptional items - Group share (post-tax) 640 717 Underlying Net income - Group Share 1 508 1 538(1)6 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 42 and 691 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EUR m Q1 23 Q1 22 French Retail BankingNet Cost Of Risk 89 47 Gross loan Outstandings 252 689 242 645 Cost of Risk in bp 14 8 International Retail Banking and Financial ServicesNet Cost Of Risk 91 325 Gross loan Outstandings 134 988 140 547 Cost of Risk in bp 27 92 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 5 194 Gross loan Outstandings 177 590 170 749 Cost of Risk in bp 1 45 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk (3) (5) Gross loan Outstandings 16 537 14 413 Cost of Risk in bp (6) (12) Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 182 561 Gross loan Outstandings 581 804 568 354 Cost of Risk in bp 13 39The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).7 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 43 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EUR m) Q1 23 Q1 22 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 747 66 089 Deeply subordinated notes (10 823) (8 178) Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (102) (65) OCI excluding conversion reserves 640 72 Distribution provision(2) (421) (415) Distribution N-1 to be paid (1 803) (2 285) ROE equity end-of-period 56 238 55 218 Average ROE equity 56 072 54 764 Average Goodwill (3 652) (3 624) Average Intangible Assets (2 876) (2 747) Average ROTE equity 49 544 48 393 Group net Income 868 821 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (119) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 2 Ajusted Group net Income 705 704 Average ROTE equity 49 544 48 393 ROTE 5.7% 5.8% Underlying Group net income 1 508 1 538 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (119) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 2 Ajusted Underlying Group net Income 1 345 1 421 Average ROTE equity (underlying) 50 183 49 110 Underlying ROTE 10.7% 11.6%RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm)In EURm Q1 23 Q1 22 Change French Retail Banking 12 392 11 822 +4.8% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 10 564 11 026 -4.2% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 14 562 14 127 +3.1% Core Businesses 37 518 36 975 +1.5% Corporate Center 18 554 17 789 +4.3% Group 56 072 54 764 +2.4%8 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 45 of the Group’s 2023 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EUR m) Q1 23 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 68 747 66 970 65 067 Deeply subordinated and undated subordinated notes (10 823) (10 017) (8 003) Interest of deeply & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (102) (24) 20 Book value of own shares in trading portfolio 130 67 37 Net Asset Value 57 952 56 996 57 121 Goodwill (3 652) (3 652) (3 624) Intangible Assets (2 878) (2 875) (2 733) Net Tangible Asset Value 51 423 50 469 50 764 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS(2) 801 471 801 147 831 162 Net Asset Value per Share 72.3 71.1 68.7 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 64.2 63.0 61.19 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2023 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5 (underlying EPS).The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) Q1 23 2022 2021 Existing shares 829 046 845 478 853 371 Deductions Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 899 6 252 3 861 Other own shares and treasury shares 20 838 16 788 3 249 Number of shares used to calculate EPS(1) 801 309 822 437 846 261 Group net Income 868 1 825 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (163) (596) (590) Adjusted Group net income (in EUR m) 705 1 230 5 051 EPS (in EUR) 0.88 1.50 5.97 Underlying EPS (in EUR) 1.05 5.87 5.5210 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.11 – Funded balance sheet  loan to deposit ratioThe funded balance sheet is based on the Group financial statements. It is obtained in two steps:A first step aiming at reclassifying the items of the financial statements into aggregates allowing for a more economic reading of the balance sheet. Main reclassifications:Insurance: grouping of the accounting items related to insurance within a single aggregate in both assets and liabilities.Customer loans: include outstanding loans with customers (net of provisions and write-downs  including net lease financing outstanding and transactions at fair value through profit and loss); excludes financial assets reclassified under loans and receivables in accordance with the conditions stipulated by IFRS 9 (these positions have been reclassified in their original lines).Wholesale funding:Includes interbank liabilities and debt securities issued.Financing transactions have been allocated to medium/long-term resources and short-term resources based on the maturity of outstanding  more or less than one year.Reclassification under customer deposits of the share of issues placed by French Retail Banking networks (recorded in medium/long-term financing)  and certain transactions carried out with counterparties equivalent to customer deposits (previously included in short term financing).Deduction from customer deposits and reintegration into short-term financing of certain transactions equivalent to market resources.A second step aiming at excluding the contribution of insurance subsidiaries  and netting derivatives  repurchase agreements  securities borrowing/lending  accruals and “due to central banks”.The Group loan/deposit ratio is determined as the division of the customer loans by customer deposits as presented in the funded balance sheet.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.APPENDIX 3: IMPACTS OF THE NEW IFRS 17 STANDARDPress releaseParis  11 May 2023Societe Generale publishes today new series of 2022 quarterly results following the application since 1 January 2023 of IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” and IFRS 9 “Financial lnstruments” 73for its insurance activities  with retrospective effect from 1 January 2022.While the application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 does not modify the profitability of insurance contracts over the duration of the life of the contracts  it does however impact the following:group net income  mainly due to the change in the pace of P&L recognition and a modification of the presentation of operating expenses relating to the execution of insurance contracts  now deducted from net banking income;consolidated shareholders’ equity  due to changes in valuation methodology for the relevant assets and liabilities under the new IFRS 17 standard  as well as for assets and liabilities subject to the IFRS 9 standard.At Societe Generale Group level  the first-time application of these standards on 1 January 2023 impacted the financial statements in the following ways:a EUR 193 million decrease in 2022 reported Group net income due to the change in pace of P&L recognition (see Appendix 1);a EUR 519 million net increase in Group shareholders’ equity from the date on which the standards first applied  i.e. 1 January 2023.The series of 2022 quarterly results have been adjusted consequently and are available on the Societe Generale website.(The figures included in this press release are unaudited.)Appendix 1: Financial impacts following the application of the IFRS 17 and 9 standards on 2022 net incomeIn EUR m Group French Retail Banking Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Net Banking Income 27 155 28 059 (904) 8 706 8 839 (133) Operating expenses (17 994) (18 630) 636 (6 403) (6 473) 70 Gross operating income 9 161 9 429 (268) 2 303 2 366 (63) Group net income 1 825 2 018 (193) 1 399 1 445 (46) In EUR m International Retail Banking and Financial Services Global Banking & Investor Solutions Corporate Centre Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Published 11.05.23 Published 08.02.23 Gap Net Banking Income 8 595 9 122 (527) 10 082 10 082 0 (228) 16 (244) Operating expenses (4 009) (4 334) 325 (6 634) (6 634) 0 (948) (1 189) 241 Gross operating income 4 586 4 788 (202) 3 448 3 448 (0) (1 176) (1 173) (3) Group net income 2 226 2 376 (150) 2 427 2 427 (0) (4 227) (4 230) 3Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.(1) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements)(2) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)  (2) Including IFRS 9 phasing   13.4% fully-loadedAsterisks* in the document refer to data at constant scope and exchange ratesNB: 2022 data in this document was restated  in compliance with IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 for insurance entities(1) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group7 The application of IFRS 9 on insurance subsidiaries could be deferred pursuant to the criteria allowed under the amendments to IFRS 17 and IFRS 4 published by the IASB on 25 June 2020 and extended by EU Regulations 2017/1988 and 2020/2097 of the European Commission.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) Ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 2019(3) Ratio of S3 assets calculated on the gross carrying amount of the loans before offsetting guarantees and collateral(4) Exposure at Default(5) Ratio between the gross loan outstanding and the value of the financed real estate asset(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(1) Including PEL/CEL provision and adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.18,0.31,True,English,"['First quarter 2023 earnings', 'Societe Generale', 'ALM interest rate hedging policy', 'net interest margin Group Revenues', 'Fréderic Oudéa', 'new retail bank SG', 'successful first IT migration', 'top-tier global equity research', 'Underlying Group net income', 'Second IT migration', 'rising interest rates', 'cash equity franchise', 'Single Resolution Fund', '2022 share buy-back programme', '2023 long-term funding programme', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Lorenzo Bini Smaghi', 'retail banking networks', 'International Retail Banking', 'French Retail Banking', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'solid commercial performances', 'Net banking income', 'Robust business performance', 'major strategic projects', 'Gross operating income', 'ROBUST BALANCE SHEET', 'sustainable profitability targets', 'Liquidity Coverage Ratio', 'strong revenue growth', 'Societe Generale Group', 'business revenues', 'Global Banking', 'underlying data', 'income ratio', 'Net profits', 'French English', 'Income tax', 'Net cost', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES', 'successful execution', 'global leader', 'sustainable mobility', 'value-creating projects', 'CET 1 ratio', 'business model', 'Operating expenses', 'solid momentum', 'robust growth', 'strong growth', 'extraordinary contribution', 'Press release', 'Investor Solutions', 'limited defaults', 'stable stock', 'LIQUIDITY PROFILE', 'regulatory requirement', 'liquidity reserves', 'profitability breakeven', 'six subsidiaries', 'complex economic', 'financial environment', 'loan portfolio', 'important milestones', 'planned closing', 'warmest gratitude', 'tremendous support', 'other assets', 'O.w.', 'non-controlling interests', 'various restatements', 'published data', 'Methodology notes', 'Insurance Contracts', 'Financial lnstruments', 'insurance activities', 'excellent contribution', 'Low cost', 'sound cost', 'SOLID RESULTS', '13 basis points', '30 basis points', 'managerial transition', 'risk management', 'end Q1', 'acquisition agreement', 'LeasePlan acquisition', '31 MARCH', 'Paris', '12 May', 'FUNDAMENTALS', 'Boursorama', 'ALD', 'decrease', 'IFRS', 'provisions', 'loans', 'end-March', 'ROTE', 'approval', 'ECB', 'EUR', 'sharp 17', '0.7% increase', 'deposits', 'quarter', 'CONTINUED', 'Merger', 'France', 'schedule', '14 May', 'client', '22 May', 'Creation', 'Bernstein', 'signature', 'uncertain', 'quality', 'franchises', 'strength', 'aspect', 'capital', 'unprecedented', 'strongly', 'employees', 'company', 'Change', 'losses', 'ROE', 'Board', 'Directors', '11 May', 'chairmanship', 'Section', '1 January', 'effect', 'standards', 'impacts', 'Appendix', 'resilience', 'businesses', 'benefit', '60', '10.']",2023-05-12,2023-05-13,globenewswire.com
24847,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.afp.com/pt/news/1314/axway-acquires-advalvas-expanding-b2b-integration-and-edi-capabilities-202304180062441,Axway Acquires AdValvas  Expanding B2B Integration and EDI Capabilities,Axway (Euronext: AXW.PA)  a global leader in B2B Integration and EDI  announced today that it has acquired AdValvas  a European expert in e-invoicing processes. The acquisition further enhances Axway's position as a leader in B2B integration and adds new ...,"Axway (Euronext: AXW.PA)  a global leader in B2B Integration and EDI  announced today that it has acquired AdValvas  a European expert in e-invoicing processes. The acquisition further enhances Axway's position as a leader in B2B integration and adds new capabilities in the area of invoicing and compliance. These include embedded support for Peppol and the VAT reform in France  as well other worldwide B2G (Business-to-Government) and B2B e-invoicing mandates.“AdValvas has been at the forefront of Peppol and e-invoicing for the past decade  helping steer the direction of invoice compliance around the globe "" said Axway CEO Patrick Donovan. ""We are thrilled to welcome AdValvas and look forward to leveraging their deep expertise to help our customers navigate the delicate compliance waters ahead.""The timing of this acquisition is significant when considering new regulatory requirements for B2B invoicing in France  which will have a significant impact starting in 2024. B2G e-invoicing is already mandatory for all public procurements in the EU  and with more countries moving to Continuous Transaction Control (CTC)  B2B e-invoicing has become an operational imperative.AdValvas has a strong reputation in the industry for its ability to help companies streamline their invoicing processes and meet the complex requirements of global B2B integration. With the addition of AdValvas to the Axway portfolio  customers can expect expert guidance alongside a comprehensive solution that allows them to do business in a global  standards-driven  and always up-to-date manner – whatever the country.“Axway’s acquisition of our company marks a significant milestone in our growth journey ” says Michel Gilis  formerly CEO of AdValvas and now Axway VP e-Invoicing. “We remain committed to delivering high-quality products and services to our valued customers  employees  and stakeholders  and we will stay focused and contribute to the standards and best practices on a global scale. We look forward to continuing to serve you as part of the Axway family.”AdValvas will operate as a subsidiary of Axway  and its products and services will be integrated into Axway B2B Integration Platform.Learn more about Axway’s B2B Integration Platform. B2B Integration with a Private Cloud by Axway [B2Bi]About AxwayAxway enables enterprises to securely open everything by integrating and moving data across a complex world of new and old technologies. Axway’s API-driven B2B integration and MFT software  refined over 20 years  complements Axway Amplify  an open API management platform that makes APIs easier to discover and reuse across multiple teams  vendors  and cloud environments. Axway has helped over 11 000 businesses unlock the full value of their existing digital ecosystems to create brilliant experiences  innovate new services  and reach new markets. Learn more at axway.com.About AdValvasAdValvas is positioned at the crossroads of IT and finance and delivers superior functionality to various stakeholders in businesses of any size. We deliver high value services to our customers by combining in-depth knowledge of e-invoice and e-delivery standards with a unique set of solutions. We take it as our duty to bridge the gaps for our clients and so enable e-procurement automation in a single digital market Europe and beyond. ViaAdValvas.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230418006244/en/Todd HolbrookTel. (480) 371-0113tholbrook@axway.com© Business Wire  Inc.Aviso:Este comunicado de imprensa não é um documento produzido pela AFP. A AFP não será responsável por este conteúdo. Para mais informações  por favor entre em contato com as pessoas ou entidades mencionadas no comunicado.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Expanding B2B Integration', 'EDI Capabilities', 'Axway', 'AdValvas', 'open API management platform', 'single digital market Europe', 'Axway B2B Integration Platform', 'existing digital ecosystems', 'Continuous Transaction Control', 'other worldwide B2G', 'API-driven B2B integration', 'delicate compliance waters', 'B2B e-invoicing mandates', 'global B2B integration', 'new regulatory requirements', 'high value services', 'B2G e-invoicing', 'complex requirements', 'full value', 'e-invoicing processes', 'global, standards-driven', 'global scale', 'B2B invoicing', 'European expert', 'new capabilities', 'embedded support', 'VAT reform', 'past decade', 'Patrick Donovan', 'deep expertise', 'significant impact', 'public procurements', 'operational imperative', 'strong reputation', 'expert guidance', 'comprehensive solution', 'date manner', 'significant milestone', 'growth journey', 'Michel Gilis', 'best practices', 'Private Cloud', 'complex world', 'old technologies', 'MFT software', 'multiple teams', 'cloud environments', 'brilliant experiences', 'new markets', 'superior functionality', 'depth knowledge', 'unique set', 'procurement automation', 'source version', 'Todd Holbrook', 'conteúdo', 'informações', 'global leader', 'new services', 'invoice compliance', 'high-quality products', 'various stakeholders', 'delivery standards', 'Business Wire', 'A AFP', 'Axway portfolio', 'Axway VP', 'Axway family', 'Axway Amplify', 'Axway CEO', 'Euronext', 'EDI', 'AdValvas', 'acquisition', 'position', 'area', 'Peppol', 'France', 'Government', 'forefront', 'direction', 'globe', 'customers', 'timing', 'countries', 'CTC', 'industry', 'ability', 'companies', 'addition', 'country', 'company', 'valued', 'employees', 'part', 'subsidiary', 'B2Bi', 'enterprises', 'everything', 'data', '20 years', 'APIs', 'vendors', '11,000 businesses', 'crossroads', 'finance', 'size', 'solutions', 'duty', 'gaps', 'clients', 'businesswire', 'Tel.', 'Aviso', 'comunicado', 'imprensa', 'documento', 'contato', 'pessoas', 'entidades']",2023-05-13,2023-05-13,afp.com
24848,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230512005280/en/Outcome-of-Innate-Pharma%E2%80%99s-2023-Annual-General-Meeting,Outcome of Innate Pharma’s 2023 Annual General Meeting,The resolutions  the results of the votes and other documents relating to the AGM along with the AGM recording will be available in the Annual General Meeting 2023 section of the Company’s website. Innate Pharma S.,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) announced the voting results of its shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)  which took place on May 12  2023  in Marseille. All resolutions were voted.A total of 112 votes were cast out of a total of 36 142 912 shares giving right to 36 618 940 voting rights  representing a quorum of 44.928%.During the meeting  all seven members of the Supervisory Board who were up for election were re-elected.The resolutions  the results of the votes and other documents relating to the AGM along with the AGM recording will be available in the Annual General Meeting 2023 section of the Company’s website.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Innate Pharma', 'Outcome', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'innate immune system', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'Annual Report', 'cancer patients', 'BUSINESS WIRE', '36,618,940 voting rights', 'seven members', 'Supervisory Board', 'other documents', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'Euronext Paris', 'voting results', 'actual results', 'advanced form', 'US office', 'AGM recording', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', '36,142,912 shares', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'IPHA', 'shareholders', 'place', 'May', 'resolutions', 'total', '112 votes', 'quorum', 'election', 'section', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country']",2023-05-13,2023-05-13,businesswire.com
