UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
48631,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/104153/impact-cubed-appoints-former-schroders-and-barclays-head-of-quant-as-cio,Impact Cubed appoints former Schroders and Barclays head of quant as CIO,Sustainable investing specialist Impact Cubed (soon to be iCubed) has strengthened its leadership and quantitative capabilities by appointing Antonia Lim as Chief Investment Officer.,Sustainable investing specialist Impact Cubed (soon to be iCubed) has strengthened its leadership and quantitative capabilities by appointing Antonia Lim as Chief Investment Officer.0Lim joins from Schroders  where she served as Head of Quantamental Investments.At Schroders  Lim was instrumental in establishing their bespoke solution capabilities  reinforcing her industry reputation for innovation and client outcomes. She also led a 100-person initiative focused on improving sustainability measurement  integrating material factors throughout the firm’s investment processes. Prior to Schroders  Lim served as Barclays’ Global Head of Quantitative Research  solidifying her 24-year track record in cutting edge insight and customised investment.Larry Abele  CEO and founder of Impact Cubed (iCubed)  commented:“As investors become more aware of the limitations of standard ESG ratings  they’re seeking tailored  efficient  sustainable strategies. With Antonia on board  we can enhance our 3D approach  which integrates risk and return with our clients’ values. Her experience will help us continue delivering inventive solutions that enable clients to achieve sustainable outcomes.”Originally established as a specialist data provider  Impact Cubed quickly evolved to offer advanced investment solutions  advice and analytics  including custom benchmarks for some of the world’s largest pension funds. Its success in this field led to the firm joining the Euroclear group in 2022.Antonia Lim said:“For successful long-term investment  it is key to articulate objectives clearly and stay well informed. All investors can gain value from having sustainability data  analysis and solutions available at their fingertips and Impact Cubed is well established at the forefront of this area. I am excited to be joining to further the firm’s vision  grow the team  and maintain its leading position.”Before her roles at Barclays and Schroders  Lim held senior positions at Kleinwort Benson and Dresdner Bank (now Commerzbank). She holds a master’s degree from Oxford University  is a CFA charterholder  and serves on the CFA Research and Policy Centre’s Technical Committee.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Impact Cubed', 'former Schroders', 'Barclays head', 'quant', 'CIO', 'tailored, efficient, sustainable strategies', 'Sustainable investing specialist', '24-year track record', 'cutting edge insight', 'standard ESG ratings', 'largest pension funds', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'successful long-term investment', 'bespoke solution capabilities', 'specialist data provider', 'advanced investment solutions', 'sustainable outcomes', 'investment processes', 'customised investment', 'quantitative capabilities', 'sustainability data', 'Quantamental Investments', 'industry reputation', 'client outcomes', '100-person initiative', 'sustainability measurement', 'material factors', 'Quantitative Research', 'Larry Abele', 'Impact Cubed', '3D approach', 'inventive solutions', 'custom benchmarks', 'Euroclear group', 'leading position', 'senior positions', 'Kleinwort Benson', 'Dresdner Bank', 'Oxford University', 'CFA charterholder', 'CFA Research', 'Policy Centre', 'Technical Committee', 'Global Head', 'clients’ values', 'Antonia Lim', 'leadership', 'Schroders', 'innovation', 'firm', 'Barclays', 'CEO', 'founder', 'iCubed', 'investors', 'limitations', 'board', 'risk', 'return', 'experience', 'advice', 'analytics', 'world', 'field', 'objectives', 'analysis', 'fingertips', 'forefront', 'area', 'vision', 'team', 'roles', 'Commerzbank', 'master', 'degree']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,finextra.com
48632,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/104173/taskize-hires-glen-sinclair-as-head-of-client-management,Taskize hires Glen Sinclair as head of client management,Taskize  the leading investment operations collaboration platform and Euroclear-owned fintech  has bolstered its leadership team with the appointment of Glen Sinclair as head of client management.,Taskize  the leading investment operations collaboration platform and Euroclear-owned fintech  has bolstered its leadership team with the appointment of Glen Sinclair as head of client management.0Based in Taskize’s London office  Sinclair will lead the company’s client management service. He will oversee the daily operations of client accounts  playing a pivotal role in supporting Taskize’s existing client base and onboarding new clients. His appointment follows a sustained period of growth for Taskize  which now helps more than 600 financial institutions across 88 countries improve their client experience  operational capacity and risk mitigation.Sinclair brings over two decades of experience in financial services  primarily in OTC operations  change management  regulation  and technology. Joining from data management fintech FINBOURNE Technology  Sinclair has a proven track record leveraging innovative technology solutions to deliver transformational business benefits to end users. His impressive career has also seen him run large middle office teams at First Chicago and NatWest Markets  as well as consult on interest rate swap and credit default swap market infrastructure transformation.Commenting on his appointment  Glen Sinclair  head of client management at Taskize  said: “I have known and admired the Taskize platform for some time  and I am excited to now be a part of its story. Outstanding client service is at the very heart of Taskize’s platform  and I am looking forward to enriching this aspect of the company to help further its expansion.”Diederik Geeraerts  CEO of Taskize  added: “We are thrilled to welcome Glen to Taskize. With his extensive experience in client management  coupled with his breadth of knowledge of the fintech landscape  he is the perfect fit to help us deliver an exceptional service to existing and new clients as our network expands.”The news marks another significant milestone in Taskize’s growth journey  following hot on the heels of the appointments of Helen Adair and Alfred Escobedo as global head of business development and head of business development for the LATAM region  respectively.,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Glen Sinclair', 'client management', 'Taskize', 'head', 'credit default swap market infrastructure transformation', 'leading investment operations collaboration platform', 'data management fintech FINBOURNE Technology', 'large middle office teams', 'interest rate swap', 'proven track record', 'innovative technology solutions', 'transformational business benefits', 'Outstanding client service', 'client management service', 'existing client base', 'Euroclear-owned fintech', 'London office', 'daily operations', 'OTC operations', 'fintech landscape', 'change management', 'exceptional service', 'client accounts', 'business development', 'client experience', 'leadership team', 'pivotal role', 'new clients', 'sustained period', '600 financial institutions', 'operational capacity', 'risk mitigation', 'two decades', 'financial services', 'end users', 'impressive career', 'First Chicago', 'NatWest Markets', 'Diederik Geeraerts', 'perfect fit', 'significant milestone', 'Helen Adair', 'Alfred Escobedo', 'LATAM region', 'Taskize platform', 'extensive experience', 'growth journey', 'global head', 'Glen Sinclair', 'appointment', 'company', '88 countries', 'regulation', 'time', 'part', 'story', 'heart', 'aspect', 'expansion', 'CEO', 'breadth', 'knowledge', 'network', 'news', 'heels']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,finextra.com
48633,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3019983/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-2025.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2025,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release4 February 2025  at 8:15 am   Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2025  Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to...,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release4 February 2025  at 8:15 amNotice of the Annual General Meeting 2025Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on 25 March 2025 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House’s Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 4:30 p.m. at the meeting venue.The AGM will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via remote connection. Shareholders can exercise their right to vote also by voting in advance. Further attendance instructions  instructions for voting in advance and remote participation are presented in part C of this notice to the AGM.Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are presented in this notice under section C.A. Matters on the agenda of the AGMAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2024- Presentation of the review by the CEOThe annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors’ report published by the Company will be available no later than 4 March 2025 on the Company’s website www.eq.fi.7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2024 totalled EUR 57 409 143.02. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 31 984 573.28 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 424 569.74.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.66 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 27 328 750.68 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend will be paid out in two separate installments.The first installment  EUR 0.33 per share shall be paid to those shareholders who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend payment on 27 March 2025. The Board proposes 3 April 2025 as the payment date of the first installment of the dividend.The second installment  EUR 0.33 per share shall be paid in October 2025. The second installment shall be paid to those shareholders who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the divided payment. The Board shall decide the record date and the payment date of the second installment of the divided in its meeting in September 2025. It is contemplated that the record date of the second installment will be 7 October 2025 and that the payment date will be 14 October 2025.After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend does not endanger the liquidity of the company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEOs from liability for the financial year 1 January – 31 December 202410. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be available on the company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset no later than 4 March 2025.11. Handling of the Remuneration Policy for Governing BodiesThe Remuneration Policy for the company’s governing bodies was previously presented to the Annual General Meeting in 2021. The Remuneration Policy must be presented to the general meeting at least every four years or whenever substantial changes have been made to it.The Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting for adoption by an advisory decision. The Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company’s website https://www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset no later than 4 March 2025.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the guidelines of eQ Plc.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors  or five persons  if a person proposed by the Shareholders is prevented from being a Board member of the company.14. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the current Board members Päivi Arminen  Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors and Caroline Bertlin will be elected as a new member to the Board. If one of the persons proposed by the Shareholders is prevented from being a Board member of the company  such persons who are not prevented from being Board members. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Caroline Bertlin (born 1978) is an experienced business leader with vast experience in the Nordics and internationally. Bertlin is based and has spent most of her career in Sweden. Currently she is engaged in strategy and funding of energy infrastructure for Nordion Energi. Prior to that she was the CEO of Nordisk Renting and Managing Director in NatWest Structured Finance (2016-2023). Previously she worked as Head of Restructuring  Turnaround CEO and Project Lead for Strategic projects in the NatWest Group (2009-2015). Earlier experience includes portfolio management and analyst positions within banking and alternative investments. In addition  she is a member of the Board of Nordisk Renting AB (2016-). Caroline Bertlin holds a Master of Science (Economics) degree from Hanken School of Economics.All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Georg Ehrnrooth as Chair of the Board of Directors.Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc.16. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026  Authorized Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA  Authorized Sustainability Auditor.17. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the sustainability auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc.18. Election of sustainability auditorFor the financial year 2025  the company must prepare its first sustainability report in accordance with the EU Sustainability Reporting Directive  CSRD  and relevant national legislation.The Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026  Authorized Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected sustainability auditor of the Company. KPMG has stated that the sustainability auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA  Authorized Sustainability Auditor.19. Establishment of a Shareholders’ Nomination BoardThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting establishes a Shareholders’ Nomination Board whose task is to prepare proposals concerning the number of members of the Board of Directors and the Board’s composition and remuneration to the General Meeting.According to the proposal  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board comprises of four members and four largest shareholders of the Company may each appoint a member.The right to appoint a member belongs to the four shareholders who  as of the last day of June preceding the next Annual General Meeting  have the largest share of the total voting rights of the Company’s shares  taking into account those shareholders whose holdings should be aggregated subject to the obligation to notify major holdings.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the Charter for the Shareholders’ Nomination Board. The Board’s proposal for the Company’s Charter for the Shareholders’ Nomination Board is available on the Company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset.20. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.45 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM.The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. Fifty per cent of the shares or special rights entitling to shares issued on the basis of the authorisation may be used to implement incentive schemes or otherwise for remuneration. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThis notice to the Annual General Meeting  that contains all decision proposals on the agenda of the AGM  is available to shareholders on eQ Plc's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset. eQ Plc's Annual Report  containing the Company's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report together with the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies and the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies is available on the said website no later than 4 March 2025. The proposals for resolutions and other previously mentioned documents will also be available at the AGM.The Minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website no later than 8 April 2025.C. Instructions to the participants of the AGM1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ register (Finnish book-entry account)Each shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 13 March 2025 in the Company’s register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. Changes in share ownership after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.Registration for the AGM will begin on 25 February 2025 at 10 am. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the AGM no later than 18 March 2025 by 4:00 pm by which time the registrations must be received. Shareholders may register to the meeting:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetOnline registration require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send registration form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi.When registering  shareholders shall provide requested information  such as their name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number  email address and the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth and email address and/or telephone number of any proxy representative. In addition  the shareholder shall inform whether the shareholder or its representative will participate in the AGM at the meeting venue or via a remote connection. The personal data given by the shareholder to the Company or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder and their representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place  if necessary.Additional information on the registration is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 am until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 pm until 4:00 pm.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 13 March 2025 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Participation in the AGM also requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 20 March 2025 by 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the AGM nor the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the remote participation or participation at the meeting venue  advance voting  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  take care of advance voting on behalf of a holder of nominee-registered shares  at the latest prior to the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may also participate in the meeting in real time using telecommunication connection and technical means. In addition to the temporary registration in the company’s shareholders’ register  the real-time participation in the meeting requires the submission of the shareholder’s email address and telephone number and  if necessary  a proxy document and other documents necessary to prove the right of representation to by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous/eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee registered shares  so that the shareholders can be sent a participation link and password to participate in the meeting. If a holder of nominee-registered shares has authorised their custodian to cast advance votes on their behalf  such advance votes will be taken into account as advance votes of the nominee-registered shareholder at the AGM  unless the holder of nominee-registered shares votes otherwise at the AGM.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder's proxy representative may also register for the AGM and vote in advance as described in this notice. The online registration and advance voting of a statutory or a proxy representative require that the statutory representatives or the proxy representatives identify themselves to the electronic registration and voting service at the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset in person by using strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate  after which they may continue with the registration and voting on behalf of the shareholder they represent.Proxy representative of the shareholder shall in connection with the registration present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. An example of the proxy document and voting instructions is available at the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset on 7 February 2025  9:00 am  the latest. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.The possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to agm@innovatics.fi before the closing of the registration. In addition to the delivery of proxies  the shareholder or their proxy must take care of registering for the AGM as described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the AGM in the virtual general meeting service provided by Inderes Plc  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations.4. Remote participation in the meetingA shareholder who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting can participate in the meeting not only by participating in the AGM at the meeting venue but also  shareholders may use their rights in full and in real-time during the meeting via remote connection.Due to the limited space at the meeting venue  the shareholder's or proxy's notification of participation in the AGM via remote connection is binding  and the shareholder or proxy does not have the right to change the method of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting place after the registration period has expired. However  the shareholder's representative's notification of participation via remote connection does not limit the right of shareholder's other representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting place.A shareholder or proxy who has registered to participate in the AGM at the meeting venue can change their participation to remote participation. There is no need to inform the company about this separately. Remote participation takes place via the remote participation link sent to the phone number and/or email address provided when registering for the AGM.The remote connection to the AGM is provided through Inderes Plc's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Participating via the remote connection does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking oral questions or speaking turns. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided during registration to all those registered for the Annual General Meeting no later than the day before the meeting. Thus  advance voters and shareholders who have registered to attend the General Meeting at the venue may also participate in the General Meeting remotely via telecommunication if they so wish. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the meeting's start time.More detailed information about the general meeting service can be found on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset. The link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection can be found at https://b2b.inderes.com/fi/knowledge-base/yhteensopivuuden-testaaminen . It is recommended that you familiarise yourself with the more detailed participation instructions before the start of the AGM.5. Voting in advanceShareholders whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the AGM during the period between 25 February 2025 10:00 a.m. – 18 March 2025 at 4:00 p.m. in the following ways:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetAdvance voting requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder or its statutory representative who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the voting form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting period ends. Submitting advance votes by mail or email to Innovatics Oy before the due date of the registration period and advance voting constitutes due registration for the AGM provided that the information required above for registration is provided in connection with the advance voting form.A shareholder who has voted in advance and who wants to use their right to present questions under the Companies Act  demand a vote or vote on a possible counter-proposal  must attend the general meeting in person or have their proxy representative participate in the AGM using the remote connection. The votes cast by those who have voted in advance will be taken into account in the decision-making of the General Meeting  regardless of whether they participate in the General Meeting remotely or at the meeting venue or not. If they participate remotely or at the meeting location  they have the opportunity to change their advance votes during the meeting  if they wish  when a vote takes place.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager of the custodian. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares that they represent in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee registered shares during the registration period for the holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is deemed to have been presented without amendments at the AGM. Conditions related to the electronic advance voting and other related instructions are available on the Company's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset.6. Other instructions/informationThe meeting shall be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are present at the meeting shall have a right to present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting by 11 March 2025 at 4:00 pm at the online registration service or by email to eQ.Yhtiokokous@eq.fi. The company’s management generally answers such questions submitted in writing in advance at the AGM or no later than two weeks after the general meeting on the company's website. When presenting a question to the Annual General Meeting  the shareholder must provide sufficient information about their shareholding upon request.On the date of this notice  4 February 2025  the total number of eQ Plc's shares and votes is 41 407 198. The Company does not hold its own shares.Helsinki  4 February 2025eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 13.4 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.47,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'two separate installments', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Eliel meeting room', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Further attendance instructions', 'annual accounts', 'Annual Report', 'eq.fi', 'Sanoma House', 'remote connection', 'remote participation', 'part C', 'balance sheet', 'unrestricted equity', 'first installment', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'second installment', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', 'substantial changes', 'advisory decision', '60 per cent', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', ""auditors' report"", 'auditors’ report', 'payment date', 'divided payment', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'financial year', 'Governing Bodies', 'The Board', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'outstanding shares', 'section C', 'parent company', 'dividend payment', 'year 2024', 'February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'AGM', '25 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'subsection', 'alternative', 'rights', 'advance', 'voting', 'writing', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'CEO', '4 March', 'website', 'Resolution', 'profit', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '27 March', '3 April', 'October', 'September', 'place', 'distribution', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'members', 'January', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', 'yhtiokokoukset', 'Chair', '8:15', '5:00', '4:30']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48634,Euroclear,Bing API,https://kyivindependent.com/more-than-2-billion-of-russian-assets-profits-in-europe-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-fund-for-ukraine/,Euroclear to send 2-billion-euro tranche of Russian assets profits for Kyiv,Belgian clearing house Euroclear said in a statement on Feb. 5 that the second payment is expected to be made in March and should amount to approximately 2 billion euros.,This audio is created with AI assistanceThe European Union will receive a second tranche of 2 billion euros ($2.05 billion) from profits generated by frozen Russian Central Bank assets that are meant for Ukraine and its war effort.Euroclear  the Belgian-based clearing house  sent its first payment of 1.55 billion euros ($1.7 billion) last July after the EU passed legislation that applied a windfall tax to the profits generated by Russia's assets immobilized in response to the full-scale invasion.The clearing house said in a statement on Feb. 5 that the second payment is expected to be made in March and should amount to approximately 2 billion euros.Euroclear earned 6.9 billion euros ($7.18 billion) in 2024 from frozen Russian assets  the statement says. In 2023  these revenues amounted to 4.4 billion euros ($4.6 million).From the proceeds of the frozen Russian assets in 2024  1.7 billion euros ($1.77 billion) was transferred to the Belgian budget as tax revenues.In reaction to Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022  more than $300 billion of the foreign exchange reserve assets of the central bank of the Russian Federation were frozen in Europe.Most of these funds —191 billion euros ($198 million) — are kept in the international depository Euroclear in Belgium.The Group of Seven countries agreed last year on a $50 billion loan that will be paid back using the profits generated from frozen assets.,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.03,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Russian assets profits', '2-billion-euro tranche', 'Euroclear', 'Kyiv', 'foreign exchange reserve assets', 'Russian Central Bank assets', 'The European Union', 'Belgian-based clearing house', 'Russian assets', 'Russian Federation', 'The Group', 'frozen assets', 'AI assistance', 'second tranche', '2 billion euros', 'war effort', 'first payment', '1.55 billion euros', 'windfall tax', 'full-scale invasion', 'second payment', '6.9 billion euros', '4.4 billion euros', '1.7 billion euros', 'Belgian budget', '191 billion euros', 'international depository', 'Seven countries', '$50 billion loan', 'tax revenues', 'audio', 'profits', 'Ukraine', 'Euroclear', 'legislation', 'response', 'statement', 'Feb.', 'March', 'proceeds', 'reaction', 'February', 'funds', 'Belgium']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,kyivindependent.com
48635,Euroclear,Bing API,https://theindependent.sg/euroclear-bank-receives-approval-for-singapore-branch-licence-expanding-presence-in-asia-pacific/,Euroclear Bank receives approval for Singapore branch licence  expanding presence in Asia-Pacific Singapore News,The bank shifts from its previous representative office status to operating under a wholesale banking licence.,SINGAPORE: Euroclear Bank  headquartered in Belgium  has officially secured approval for a branch licence in Singapore  marking a significant milestone in its expansion strategy across the Asia-Pacific region.This development comes as the bank shifts from its previous representative office status to operating under a wholesale banking licence.The newly established Singapore branch will play a central role in Euroclear’s efforts to better serve its clients within the dynamic Asia-Pacific financial markets. The decision to establish a physical presence in Singapore aligns with the bank’s broader growth strategy  responding to increasing demand for its services in the region.Euroclear Bank is a prominent financial institution  specialising in the settlement and safekeeping of securities transactions.As one of the largest providers of settlement services globally  Euroclear primarily focuses on the post-trade phase of securities  including equities  bonds  and other financial instruments. It acts as a central securities depository (CSD)  ensuring efficient and secure transaction settlements while mitigating counterparty risks.In addition to its core services of securities settlement  Euroclear also offers collateral management  securities lending  and corporate actions. These services are essential for institutional investors  asset managers  and other financial entities seeking to optimise their operations in the global securities markets.With its global reach  Euroclear plays a pivotal role in the financial infrastructure  supporting the clearing and settlement of transactions across multiple international markets. The new Singapore branch is expected to further enhance Euroclear’s capabilities  facilitating increased access to its comprehensive suite of financial services for clients across Asia.,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['Singapore branch licence', 'Asia-Pacific Singapore News', 'Euroclear Bank', 'approval', 'presence', 'previous representative office status', 'dynamic Asia-Pacific financial markets', 'multiple international markets', 'secure transaction settlements', 'prominent financial institution', 'other financial instruments', 'other financial entities', 'wholesale banking licence', 'broader growth strategy', 'global securities markets', 'central securities depository', 'new Singapore branch', 'branch licence', 'financial infrastructure', 'expansion strategy', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'central role', 'global reach', 'financial services', 'securities lending', 'significant milestone', 'physical presence', 'increasing demand', 'largest providers', 'post-trade phase', 'counterparty risks', 'collateral management', 'corporate actions', 'institutional investors', 'asset managers', 'pivotal role', 'comprehensive suite', 'securities transactions', 'securities settlement', 'core services', 'settlement services', 'Euroclear Bank', 'Belgium', 'approval', 'development', 'efforts', 'clients', 'decision', 'safekeeping', 'equities', 'bonds', 'CSD', 'efficient', 'addition', 'operations', 'clearing', 'capabilities', 'increased', 'access']",2025-02-06,2025-02-05,theindependent.sg
48636,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64473609-upm-kymmene-oyj-notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-of-upm-kymmene-corporation-008.htm,UPM-Kymmene Oyj: Notice of the Annual General Meeting of UPM-Kymmene Corporation,February 2025 at 15:00 EET HELSINKI  Feb. 5  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice of the Annual General Meeting of UPM-Kymmene,"UPM-Kymmene Corporation Stock Exchange Release (Notice to general meeting) 5 February 2025 at 15:00 EETHELSINKI  Feb. 5  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice of the Annual General Meeting of UPM-Kymmene CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of UPM-Kymmene Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""UPM"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  27 March 2025 starting at 14:00 (EET) at Finlandia Hall Mannerheimintie 13 e  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of attendees who have preregistered for the meeting  the distribution of voting tickets and coffee service will commence at 12:30 (EET) at the meeting venue.It is not possible for shareholders to vote in advance or participate in the Annual General Meeting in other means than at the meeting venue. Shareholders may  however  follow the meeting through a webcast. Instructions regarding the webcast are available at www.upm.com/agm2025. Webcast starts on 27 March 2025 at 14:00 (EET). It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals or vote through the webcast. Following the webcast is not considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholder rights.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of a person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the year 2024- Review by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board proposes that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.50 per share be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year ended on 31 December 2024  and that the remaining portion of the distributable funds be retained in the Company's non-restricted shareholders' equity. The Board proposes that the dividend be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.75 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for the first dividend instalment 31 March 2025. The Board proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be on 8 April 2025.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.75 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for the second dividend instalment 31 October 2025. The Board proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be on 7 November 2025.If the payment of the dividend is prevented due to applicable law  regulation or unexpected circumstances  the Board will resolve  as soon as practically possible  on a new record date and payment date.On the date of the dividend proposal  5 February 2025  the registered number of the Company's shares is 533 735 699. The aforementioned number of shares includes 411 653 treasury shares which are not entitled to dividend. As a result  the proposed aggregate dividend would total EUR 800 million.On 31 December 2024  the distributable funds of the parent company were EUR 2 870 807 659.79. The profit of the parent company for the period was EUR 381 913 739.95.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Adoption of the Remuneration ReportThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report for the financial period 2024.The Remuneration Report for the year 2024 will be available on the Company's website at www.upm.com/agm2025 as of 6 March 2025.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board's Nomination and Governance Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting of UPM that the remuneration of the Chair and Deputy Chair of the Board be raised  and that the Chair of the Board be paid an annual base fee of EUR 240 000 (previously EUR 231 000) and the Deputy Chair of the Board an annual base fee of EUR 150 000 (previously EUR 145 000). The Board's Nomination and Governance Committee proposes that the remuneration of the other members of the Board remains unchanged and that they be paid an annual base fee of EUR 120 000.The Nomination and Governance Committee further proposes that the remuneration of the Audit Committee Chair and members be raised  remuneration of members of other committees remain unchanged and that the members of the Board's committees be paid annual committee fees as follows:Audit Committee: Chair EUR 50 000 (previously EUR 45 000) and members EUR 30 000 (previously EUR 25 000)Remuneration Committee: Chair EUR 27 500 and members EUR 10 000Nomination and Governance Committee: Chair EUR 20 000 and members EUR 10 000The annual base fees are proposed to be paid in Company shares and cash so that approximately 40 per cent will be payable in the Company shares to be purchased on the Board members' behalf  and the rest in cash. The Company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the Company shares. Shares thus purchased may not be transferred within two years from the purchase date or until the director's membership of the Board has ended  whichever occurs first. The annual committee fees are proposed to be paid in cash. If the term of a member of the Board terminates before the annual general meeting of 2026  the Board has a right to resolve upon potential reclaim of the annual fees as it deems fit.In addition  the Board's Nomination and Governance Committee proposes that directors are compensated for actual travel and accommodation expenses related to Board and Committee work against invoice.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board's Nomination and Governance Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board be the current nine (9).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors' Nomination and Governance Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting of UPM that the following incumbent directors be re-elected to the Board: Pia Aaltonen-Forsell  Henrik Ehrnrooth  Jari Gustafsson  Piia-Noora Kauppi  Melanie Maas-Brunner  Topi Manner  Marjan Oudeman  Martin à Porta and Kim Wahl. The directors will be elected for a one-year term and their term of office will end upon closure of the next Annual General Meeting. All director nominees have given their consent to the election.The Board of Directors has assessed the director nominees' independence based on the Finnish Corporate Governance Code's independence criteria and other factors and circumstances to be taken into account in the overall evaluation and concluded that all director nominees are independent of the Company's significant shareholders  and that all director nominees are non-executive and independent of the Company. Henrik Ehrnrooth  Kim Wahl and Piia-Noora Kauppi  if re-elected  would be non-executive directors for 10 consecutive years or more. However  their independence is not compromised due to their service history  and no other factors or circumstances have been identified that could impair their independence. Mr Ehrnrooth has been a member of the Company's Board of Directors since 2015  Mr Wahl since 2012 and Ms Kauppi since 2013.The biographical details of all director nominees are available at www.upm.com/agm2025.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor for the financial period 2026Based on the proposal prepared by the Audit Committee  the Board proposes that the auditor to be elected for the financial period 2026 be paid against invoices approved by the Board's Audit Committee.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurer for the financial periods 2025 and 2026Based on the proposal prepared by the Audit Committee  the Board proposes that the sustainability reporting assurer to be elected for the financial periods 2025 and 2026 be paid against invoices approved by the Board's Audit Committee.16. Election of the auditor for the financial period 2026Based on the proposal prepared by the Audit Committee  the Board proposes that Ernst & Young Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be re-elected as the Company's auditor for the financial period 2026. Since 2023  the Board has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting elects the auditor for the financial period commencing next after the election.Ernst & Young Oy has informed the Company that Authorised Public Accountant (KHT) Heikki Ilkka would continue as the lead audit partner. He has held this position since the financial period 2024.17. Election of the sustainability reporting assurer for the financial periods 2025 and 2026Based on the proposal prepared by the Audit Committee  the Board proposes that Ernst & Young Oy  a firm of authorised sustainability audit  be elected as the Company's sustainability reporting assurer for the financial periods 2025 and 2026.Ernst & Young Oy has informed the Company that the Authorised Sustainability Auditor (KRT) Heikki Ilkka would act as principally responsible sustainability reporting assurer.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to sharesThe Board proposes that the Board be authorised to resolve on the issuance of new shares  transfer of treasury shares and issuance of special rights entitling to shares as follows:The aggregate maximum number of new shares that may be issued and treasury shares that may be transferred is 25 000 000 including also the number of shares that can be received on the basis of the special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 4.7 per cent of the Company's registered number of shares at the time of the proposal.The new shares and the special rights entitling to shares may be issued and the treasury shares transferred to the Company's shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings in the Company  or in a directed share issue  deviating from the shareholder's pre-emptive subscription right  if there is a weighty financial reason for doing so from the Company's point of view  such as using the shares as a consideration in potential mergers or acquisitions  to finance investments or other business-related transactions  to develop the Company's capital structure  or as a part of the Company's incentive plans.The Board may also resolve on a share issue without payment to the Company itself. In addition  the Board may resolve to issue special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  which carry the right to receive  against payment  new shares in the Company or treasury shares in such a manner that the subscription price of the shares is paid in cash or by using the subscriber's receivable to offset the subscription price.The new shares may be issued and the treasury shares transferred either against payment or without payment. The directed share issue may be without payment only if there is an especially weighty financial reason for doing so from the Company's point of view and taking the interests of the Company's shareholders into consideration.The subscription price of the new shares and the amount payable for the treasury shares shall be recorded in the reserve for invested non-restricted equity.The Board shall resolve on all other matters related to the issuances and transfers of shares and special rights entitling to shares.The authorisation will be valid for 18 months from the date of the resolution of the Annual General Meeting. If this authorisation is granted  it will revoke the authorisation to resolve on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares which was granted to the Board by the Annual General Meeting on 4 April 2024.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board proposes that the Board be authorised to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own shares as follows:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board may resolve to repurchase a maximum of 50 000 000 of the Company's own shares. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 9.4 per cent of the Company's registered number of shares at the time of the proposal. The repurchases will be made using the Company's non-restricted shareholders' equity  as resolved by the Board  which means that the repurchases will reduce the distributable funds of the Company.The price paid for the shares under the authorisation shall be based on the market price formed on the securities markets or a price otherwise formed in a competitive process. The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company's shareholders (directed repurchases). Shares may be repurchased to be cancelled  held to be reissued  transferred further or for other purposes resolved by the Board. The authorisation also includes the right to accept the Company's own shares as a pledge. The Company may enter into derivative  share lending or other arrangements customary in capital market practice in connection with the repurchases.The Board shall resolve on all other matters related to the repurchase of the Company's own shares.The authorisation will be valid for 18 months from the date of the resolution of the Annual General Meeting. If this authorisation is granted  it will revoke the repurchase authorisation granted to the Board by the Annual General Meeting on 4 April 2024 to the extent that the Board has not previously resolved to repurchase shares based on such authorisation.20. Resolution on the partial amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting would resolve to amend article 10 (Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders) of the Articles of Association to enable holding a general meeting completely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting.The proposal is based on the legislative changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  which include the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative changes are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their full shareholder rights  including the right to vote and to ask questions in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. Given that shareholders' rights are equally secured in all meeting formats under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  the possibility to organise remote general meetings would enable the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company's operating environment and the society in general  for example due to pandemics. Despite the proposed amendment  organising physical general meetings will remain the primary option for the Company. The possibility to hold remote general meetings will in practice only be used in exceptional circumstances as mentioned above. It is important for the Company to have means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to a general meeting under any circumstances.UPM is required to appoint a sustainability reporting assurer following the implementation of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. The Board therefore proposes that the Annual General Meeting would decide to include this obligation into the article 8 (Auditor) so that the Company shall have one (1) sustainability reporting assurer  which shall be a sustainability audit firm approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. The term of office of the sustainability reporting assurer shall be a financial period. It is also proposed to include a mention of this obligation into the article 11 (Annual General Meeting) so that the Annual General Meeting shall elect the sustainability reporting assurer (amended article 11  second paragraph  new sub-item 12) and resolve on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurer  and that the numbering of current sub-item 12 of the second paragraph of article 11 be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendment.The current and proposed new wordings of the above-mentioned articles of the Articles of Association are available on the Company's website at www.upm.com/agm2025.21. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on charitable contributionsThe Board proposes that the Board be authorised to resolve on contributions not exceeding a total of EUR 1 000 000 for charitable or corresponding purposes and that the Board be authorised to resolve on the recipients  purposes and other terms and conditions of the contributions. Contributions would be primarily granted under the Company's Share and Care programme whose focus areas are youth  education  and climate and biodiversity.The authorisation is proposed to be valid until the next Annual General Meeting.22. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice  are available on the Company's website at www.upm.com/agm2025. UPM-Kymmene Corporation's Annual Report  as well as the Remuneration Report for the financial period 2024 will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 6 March 2025. The Annual Report includes the Company's Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the Sustainability Statement) as well as the Auditor's Report and the assurance opinion on the sustainability reporting. The proposals for the resolutions and the Financial Statements are also available at the venue of the Annual General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 10 April 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered on 17 March 2025 in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.Preregistration for the Annual General Meeting commences on 5 February 2025. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall preregister for the meeting no later than 20 March 2025 by 16:00 (EET) by giving a prior notice of attendance  which shall be received by the Company no later than on the above-mentioned date and time. Such notice can be given:a) on the Company's website at www.upm.com/agm2025.Electronic registration requires strong authentication of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish  or Danish online banking codes  or a mobile certificate.If a shareholder uses the electronic suomi.fi authorisation  registration requires strong electronic authentication from the authorised representative  which can be conducted with the Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to UPM-Kymmene Corporation  Legal Function  PO Box 380 (Alvar Aallon katu 1)  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland orc) by e-mail to agm@upm.com.In connection with the prior notice of attendance  a shareholder shall notify their name  date of birth or business identity code  address  telephone number and/or e-mail address  the name of a possible assistant and the name and date of birth of a possible proxy representative. The personal data is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder  legal representative and proxy representative shall  upon request  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting.Further information on registration is available by telephone during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays 9:00-12:00 and 13:00-16:00 (EET).2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which she/he on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  on 17 March 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily preregistered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 10:00 (EET) on 24 March 2025 at the latest. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to request without delay necessary instructions from their custodian bank regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and preregistration for the Annual General Meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily in the shareholders' register of the Company by the time stated above at the latest.In addition to the above  nominee registered shares shall be represented at the venue of the Annual General Meeting by a holder of nominee registered shares or their proxy representative personally. The Company shall be notified in advance of the name and date of birth of the holder of nominee registered shares or their proxy representative who will be present at the meeting venue.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website at www.upm.com/agm2025.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative.The proxy representative shall authenticate to the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which they will be able to register on behalf of the shareholder  who they represent. Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. A proxy template is available on the Company's website at www.upm.com/agm2025.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.The signed proxy documents should be submitted to UPM-Kymmene Corporation  Legal Function  PO Box 380 (Alvar Aallon katu 1)  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland or agm@upm.com  prior to the end of the registration period. The original proxy document shall be presented to the Company upon request. In addition to submitting proxy documents  a shareholder or their proxy representative shall ensure that she/he has registered for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorisation service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the legal person shall authorise the authorised representative nominated by the legal person in the suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations by using the mandate theme ""Representation at the General Meeting"". In the pre-registration service of the General Meeting  the authorised representative shall in connection with registration use strong electronic authentication and thereafter the electronic authorisation is verified automatically. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with the Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Further information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations and on the Company's website at www.upm.com/agm2025.4. Other informationThe meeting language is Finnish but some presentations such as the Review by the President and CEO will be held in English. There is simultaneous interpretation available both into Finnish and English at the meeting venue.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.Changes in the number of shares held after the record date of the Annual General Meeting shall not have an effect on the right to participate the meeting nor on the number of votes held by a shareholder in the meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  the Company has 533 735 699 shares representing the same number of votes.Helsinki  5 February 2025UPM-KYMMENE CORPORATIONBOARD OF DIRECTORSUPM  Media RelationsMon-Fri 9:00-16:00 EETtel. +358 40 588 3284media@upm.comUPMWe deliver renewable and responsible solutions and innovate for a future beyond fossils across six business areas: UPM Fibres  UPM Energy  UPM Raflatac  UPM Specialty Papers  UPM Communication Papers and UPM Plywood. As the industry leader in responsibility  we are committed to the UN Business Ambition for 1.5°C and the science-based targets to mitigate climate change. We employ 15 800 people worldwide and our annual sales are approximately EUR 10.3 billion. Our shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. UPM Biofore - Beyond fossils. www.upm.comFollow UPM on X | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram | UPM biofore beyondfossilsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com.https://news.cision.com/upm-kymmene-oyj/r/notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-of-upm-kymmene-corporation c4100915View original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-of-upm-kymmene-corporation-302368880.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'UPM-Kymmene Oyj', 'UPM-Kymmene Corporation', 'Notice', 'UPM-Kymmene Corporation Stock Exchange Release', 'Finlandia Hall Mannerheimintie', 'annual base fee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'annual committee fees', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new record date', ""restricted shareholders' equity"", 'Audit Committee Chair', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Governance Committee', 'aggregate dividend', 'dividend proposal', 'meeting venue', 'voting tickets', 'coffee service', 'other means', 'shareholder rights', 'A. Matters', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'remaining portion', 'distributable funds', 'two instalments', 'applicable law', 'unexpected circumstances', 'Remuneration Committee', 'payment date', 'registered number', 'financial period', 'Deputy Chair', 'other committees', 'The Board', 'financial year', '411,653 treasury shares', 'parent company', 'The Nomination', 'other members', 'February', '15:00 EET', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'reception', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'advance', 'webcast', 'Instructions', 'agm2025', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'person', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', '31 December', '8 April', '7 November', 'regulation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'website', '14:00']",2025-02-06,2025-02-05,finanznachrichten.de
48637,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64473593-sampo-plc-sampo-s-board-of-directors-has-resolved-on-a-share-split-399.htm,Sampo plc: Sampo's Board of Directors has resolved on a share split,Sampo plc  stock exchange release  5 February 2025 at 3:35 pm EET Sampo's Board of Directors has resolved on a share split The Board of Directors of Sampo plc has today resolved on a share split,Sampo plc  stock exchange release  5 February 2025 at 3:35 pm EETSampo's Board of Directors has resolved on a share splitThe Board of Directors of Sampo plc has today resolved on a share split by way of a share issue without consideration in proportion to shares owned by shareholders. The resolution is based on the authorisation granted by Sampo's Annual General Meeting held on 25 April 2024.In the share split  Sampo will issue four (4) new A shares for each existing A share and four (4) new B shares for each existing B share to shareholders in proportion to their existing holdings on the record day of the share issuance on 12 February 2025. In total  2 152 191 088 new Sampo A shares and 800 000 new Sampo B shares will be issued. Following the registration of the new shares  Sampo's total share count will amount to 2 691 238 860 shares.The new shares are expected to be registered with the Finnish Trade Register on or about 12 February 2025. The new shares shall be issued without consideration as book-entries in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The new shares shall  where applicable  be further registered as Swedish depository receipts in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB and in the form of share entitlements book-entered in VP Securities A/S in Denmark.Trading in the new A shares on Nasdaq Helsinki  Nasdaq Stockholm (in the form of Swedish depository receipts) and Nasdaq Copenhagen (in the form of share entitlements) is expected to commence on or about 13 February 2025. However  the new Swedish depository receipts are expected to be available on the accounts in Euroclear Sweden on or about 14 February 2025. The share split does not require any action from shareholders nor holders of Swedish depository receipts. The share split will not affect Sampo's ISIN codes.SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeFIN-FSAThe principal mediawww.sampo.com (https://www.sampo.com),neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['share split', 'Sampo plc', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Maria Silander Communications Manager', 'four (4) new B shares', 'four (4) new A shares', 'new Swedish depository receipts', '800,000 new Sampo B shares', '2,152,191,088 new Sampo A shares', 'stock exchange release', 'Annual General Meeting', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'existing B share', 'Finnish Trade Register', 'VP Securities A/S', 'existing A share', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'total share count', 'SAMPO PLC Board', 'new shares', 'securities depository', 'existing holdings', 'settlement register', 'share split', 'share issue', 'share issuance', 'share entitlements', 'record day', 'book-entry system', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'ISIN codes', 'Sami Taipalus', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'principal media', '2,691,238,860 shares', 'February', 'Directors', 'way', 'consideration', 'proportion', 'shareholders', 'resolution', 'authorisation', '25 April', 'registration', 'book-entries', 'form', 'Denmark', 'accounts', 'action', 'Head', 'Distribution', 'FIN-FSA', '3:35', '358']",2025-02-06,2025-02-05,finanznachrichten.de
48638,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/sampo-board-directors-resolved-share-133500110.html,Sampo’s Board of Directors has resolved on a share split,Sampo plc  stock exchange release  5 February 2025 at 3:35 pm EET Sampo’s Board of Directors has resolved on a share split The Board of Directors of Sampo plc has today resolved on a share split by way of a share issue without consideration in proportion to shares owned by shareholders.,Sampo plcSampo plc  stock exchange release  5 February 2025 at 3:35 pm EETSampo’s Board of Directors has resolved on a share splitThe Board of Directors of Sampo plc has today resolved on a share split by way of a share issue without consideration in proportion to shares owned by shareholders. The resolution is based on the authorisation granted by Sampo’s Annual General Meeting held on 25 April 2024.In the share split  Sampo will issue four (4) new A shares for each existing A share and four (4) new B shares for each existing B share to shareholders in proportion to their existing holdings on the record day of the share issuance on 12 February 2025. In total  2 152 191 088 new Sampo A shares and 800 000 new Sampo B shares will be issued. Following the registration of the new shares  Sampo’s total share count will amount to 2 691 238 860 shares.The new shares are expected to be registered with the Finnish Trade Register on or about 12 February 2025. The new shares shall be issued without consideration as book-entries in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The new shares shall  where applicable  be further registered as Swedish depository receipts in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB and in the form of share entitlements book-entered in VP Securities A/S in Denmark.Trading in the new A shares on Nasdaq Helsinki  Nasdaq Stockholm (in the form of Swedish depository receipts) and Nasdaq Copenhagen (in the form of share entitlements) is expected to commence on or about 13 February 2025. However  the new Swedish depository receipts are expected to be available on the accounts in Euroclear Sweden on or about 14 February 2025. The share split does not require any action from shareholders nor holders of Swedish depository receipts. The share split will not affect Sampo’s ISIN codes.SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeFIN-FSAThe principal mediawww.sampo.com,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['share split', 'Sampo', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Maria Silander Communications Manager', 'four (4) new B shares', 'four (4) new A shares', 'new Swedish depository receipts', '800,000 new Sampo B shares', '2,152,191,088 new Sampo A shares', 'stock exchange release', 'Annual General Meeting', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'existing B share', 'Finnish Trade Register', 'VP Securities A/S', 'existing A share', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'total share count', 'SAMPO PLC Board', 'new shares', 'securities depository', 'existing holdings', 'settlement register', 'share split', 'share issue', 'share issuance', 'share entitlements', 'record day', 'book-entry system', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'ISIN codes', 'Sami Taipalus', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'principal media', '2,691,238,860 shares', 'Directors', 'way', 'consideration', 'proportion', 'shareholders', 'resolution', 'authorisation', '25 April', '12 February', 'registration', 'book-entries', 'form', 'Denmark', 'Trading', '13 February', 'accounts', '14 February', 'action', 'Head', 'tel', 'Distribution', 'FIN-FSA', '3:35', '358']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,uk.finance.yahoo.com
48639,Euroclear,Bing API,https://eadaily.com/en/news/2025/02/05/euroclear-reported-europe-could-not-make-good-money-on-russian-money,Euroclear reported: Europe could not make good money on Russian money — EADaily  February 5th  2025 — Politics  Russia,"According to the results of last year  Euroclear announced a decrease in revenues received from the ""frozen"" assets of Russia. The depository  as RIA Novosti informs today  on February 5  cited a decrease in interest rates as the reason ","According to the results of last year  Euroclear announced a decrease in revenues received from the ""frozen"" assets of Russia. The depository  as RIA Novosti informs today  on February 5  cited a decrease in interest rates as the reason  as well as the likely possibility of their further reduction.""The gradual reduction in rates has led to a gradual decrease in interest income related to assets of the Central Bank of Russia in 2024  while the prospects for future income are likely to continue to decline  although they will depend on future policy "" Euroclear said in a press release.In March  the depository also planned to transfer about 2 billion euros of the same revenues to the EU fund created to support Ukraine.""Euroclear is focused on minimizing potential legal  financial and operational risks that may arise for it and its clients  while complying with its obligations (in the EU. — EADaily) "" the organization said.EADaily also reminds that this week the head of the European Commission  Ursula von der Leyen  called on Europe to ""creatively use"" Russia's ""frozen"" money  including to support Kiev.",negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,neutral,0.01,0.9,0.1,True,English,"['good money', 'Russian money', 'Euroclear', 'Europe', 'EADaily', 'February', 'Politics', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'potential legal, financial', 'last year', 'RIA Novosti', 'likely possibility', 'interest income', 'Central Bank', 'future income', 'future policy', 'press release', '2 billion euros', 'operational risks', 'European Commission', 'frozen"" money', 'frozen"" assets', 'interest rates', 'gradual reduction', 'same revenues', 'EU fund', 'gradual decrease', 'results', 'Euroclear', 'Russia', 'depository', 'February', 'reason', 'prospects', 'March', 'Ukraine', 'clients', 'obligations', 'organization', 'EADaily', 'head', 'Kiev']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,eadaily.com
48640,Euroclear,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/109595/,Euroclear to transfer about 2 bln euro incomes from immobilized Russian assets to Ukraine Facility in March,MOSCOW. Feb 5 (Interfax) - The Euroclear international depository plans the second transfer of about 2 billion euros to Europe's Ukraine Facility in March 2025  the company said in a statement. The first transfer of around 1.55 billion euros was accomplished in July 2024.,MOSCOW. Feb 5 (Interfax) - The Euroclear international depository plans the second transfer of about 2 billion euros to Europe's Ukraine Facility in March 2025  the company said in a statement. The first transfer of around 1.55 billion euros was accomplished in July 2024.,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['2 bln euro incomes', 'Russian assets', 'Ukraine Facility', 'March', 'The Euroclear international depository', 'second transfer', '2 billion euros', 'Ukraine Facility', 'first transfer', '1.55 billion euros', 'MOSCOW', 'Feb', 'Interfax', 'Europe', 'March', 'company', 'statement', 'July']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,interfax.com
48641,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://kalkinemedia.com/us/news/stock-market/frankfurt-stock-exchange-germanys-leading-securities-market,Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Germany’s Leading Securities Market,Highlights: Largest stock exchange in Germany  overseeing a significant portion of securities trading. Operated by Deutsche Börse AG  a prominent global financial institution. Key player in international finance  influencing markets worldwide. The Frankfu...,"Highlights: Largest stock exchange in Germany  overseeing a significant portion of securities trading. Operated by Deutsche Börse AG  a prominent global financial institution. Key player in international finance  influencing markets worldwide. The Frankfu...""Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet  consectetur adipiscing elit  sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam  quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident  sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.""Section 1.10.32 of ""de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum""  written by Cicero in 45 BC""Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium  totam rem aperiam  eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit  sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est  qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet  consectetur  adipisci velit  sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam  quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam  nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur  vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?""1914 translation by H. Rackham""But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system  and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth  the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects  dislikes  or avoids pleasure itself  because it is pleasure  but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself  because it is pain  but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example  which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise  except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences  or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?""1914 translation by H. Rackham""But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system  and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth  the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects  dislikes  or avoids pleasure itself  because it is pleasure  but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself  because it is pain  but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example  which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise  except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences  or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?""",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.06,0.07,0.87,True,English,"['Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Leading Securities Market', 'Germany', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'prominent global financial institution', 'architecto beatae vitae dicta', 'Duis aute irure dolor', 'Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem', 'Largest stock exchange', 'exercitation ullamco laboris', 'deserunt mollit anim', 'de Finibus Bonorum', 'accusantium doloremque laudantium', 'corporis suscipit laboriosam', 'laborious physical exercise', 'Lorem ipsum dolor', 'Ut enim', 'quaerat voluptatem', 'significant portion', 'securities trading', 'Key player', 'international finance', 'The Frankfu', 'eiusmod tempor', 'occaecat cupidatat', 'natus error', 'eaque ipsa', 'inventore veritatis', 'magni dolores', 'Neque porro', 'H. Rackham', 'mistaken idea', 'complete account', 'actual teachings', 'great explorer', 'human happiness', 'trivial example', 'annoying consequences', 'cillum dolore', 'great pleasure', 'resultant pleasure', 'voluptate velit', 'Highlights', 'Germany', 'markets', 'labore', 'minim', 'aliquip', 'commodo', 'reprehenderit', 'Excepteur', 'culpa', 'laborum', 'Section', 'Malorum', 'Cicero', '45 BC', 'perspiciatis', 'omnis', 'aperiam', 'explicabo', 'voluptas', 'fugit', 'consectetur', 'exercitationem', 'commodi', 'autem', 'molestiae', '1914 translation', 'pain', 'system', 'truth', 'master-builder', 'circumstances', 'toil', 'advantage', 'right', 'fault']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,kalkinemedia.com
48642,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://funds-europe.com/goldman-sachs-am-unveils-two-active-high-yield-bond-etfs/,Goldman Sachs AM unveils two active high-yield bond ETFs,Goldman Sachs Asset Management has launched two actively-managed exchange-traded funds across the Emea region. The Ucits funds – one denominated,Goldman Sachs Asset Management has launched two actively-managed exchange-traded funds across the Emea region.The Ucits funds – one denominated in euros and the other in US dollars – aim to achieve a long-term return by investing in fixed income securities rated below investment grade.The strategies aim to outperform their benchmarks over the long-term by selecting securities and obtaining exposures by analysing quantitative and technical factors to evaluate investment opportunities.The launch follows Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s entry into active ETFs in the Emea region earlier this year.The new ETFs are listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Börse  with Borsa Italiana and Six to follow. The ETFs will be registered in key markets across the Emea region.Hilary Lopez  head of the Emea Third-Party Wealth Business at Goldman Sachs Asset Management  said: “Our clients remain focussed on their strategic allocations in fixed income  looking to active management to take advantage of changing market dynamics.“These new ETFs benefit from the advantages offered by the ETF wrapper while leveraging Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s long history and deep expertise in actively managing fixed income assets.”Goldman Sachs Asset Management manages 51 ETF strategies globally as of today  representing over $38.7 billion in assets as of 31 December 2024.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['two active high-yield bond ETFs', 'Goldman Sachs AM', 'Goldman Sachs Asset Management', 'two actively-managed exchange-traded funds', 'Emea Third-Party Wealth Business', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Börse', 'The Ucits funds', 'fixed income securities', 'fixed income assets', 'active management', 'Emea region', 'US dollars', 'long-term return', 'investment grade', 'technical factors', 'investment opportunities', 'Borsa Italiana', 'key markets', 'Hilary Lopez', 'strategic allocations', 'market dynamics', 'ETF wrapper', 'deep expertise', 'active ETFs', 'new ETFs', 'long history', '51 ETF strategies', 'euros', 'benchmarks', 'exposures', 'quantitative', 'launch', 'entry', 'head', 'clients', 'advantage', 'today', '31 December']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,funds-europe.com
48643,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://portfolio-adviser.com/goldman-sachs-asset-management-launches-duo-of-emea-active-etfs/,Goldman Sachs Asset Management launches duo of EMEA active ETFs,Goldman Sachs Asset Management launches two active ETFS focussed on high yield bonds in EMEA  with USD and EUR versions,Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM) has introduced two high-yield bond active ETFs across EMEA.The new offerings will include the Goldman Sachs USD High Yield Bond Active UCITS ETF and the Goldman Sachs EUR High Yield Bond Active UCITS ETF. Both will be managed by the fixed income and liquidity solutions team  including over 370 financial professionals  and will have a combination of top-down and bottom up selection.See also: Wellington makes $7.3bn worth of funds available to UK investorsBoth vehicles are now listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Börse  as the company works to make its investments available in an ETF form. GSAM has 51 ETF strategies globally with over $37.8bn in assets  as of the end of 2024.Hilary Lopez  head of the EMEA third party wealth business at Goldman Sachs Asset Management  said: “Our clients remain focussed on their strategic allocations in fixed income  looking to active management to take advantage of changing market dynamics. These new ETFs benefit from the advantages offered by the ETF wrapper while leveraging Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s long history and deep expertise in actively managing fixed income assets.”See also: PA Live A World Of Higher Inflation 2025Kay Haigh  global co-head of fixed income and liquidity solutions at Goldman Sachs Asset Management  added: “The advent of active ETFs allows us to bring our long and successful track record in actively managing fixed income to market in a transparent and accessible investment vehicle. Investors will be able to gain direct exposure to the capabilities and expertise of our Fixed Income investment team  staying on top of the evolving market environment while benefitting from the flexibility offered by ETFs.”,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Goldman Sachs Asset Management', 'EMEA active ETFs', 'duo', 'Goldman Sachs USD High Yield Bond Active UCITS ETF', 'Goldman Sachs EUR High Yield Bond Active UCITS ETF', 'two high-yield bond active ETFs', 'EMEA third party wealth business', 'Goldman Sachs Asset Management', 'Fixed Income investment team', 'accessible investment vehicle', 'bottom up selection', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Börse', 'active management', 'successful track record', 'liquidity solutions team', 'evolving market environment', 'fixed income assets', 'ETF form', '51 ETF strategies', 'ETF wrapper', 'new ETFs', 'new offerings', '370 financial professionals', '3bn worth', 'Hilary Lopez', 'strategic allocations', 'market dynamics', 'Higher Inflation', 'Kay Haigh', 'global co', 'direct exposure', 'UK investors', 'long history', 'deep expertise', 'GSAM', 'combination', 'top', 'down', 'Wellington', 'funds', 'vehicles', 'company', 'investments', 'end', 'head', 'clients', 'advantage', 'World', 'advent', 'transparent', 'capabilities', 'flexibility']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,portfolio-adviser.com
48644,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3020813/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),PARIS  Feb. 04  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of voting rights 01/31/2025 100 093 873 88 660 571For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Interim Chief Financial Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Listing market', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'Media contact', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'PARIS', 'Feb.', 'Date', 'shares', 'capital', 'information', 'Cellectis', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'Attachment', '7']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48645,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3019994/0/en/Signify-starts-EUR-150-million-share-repurchase-program.html,Signify starts EUR 150 million share repurchase program,Press ReleaseFebruary 4  2025Signify starts EUR 150 million share repurchase program Eindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced the start of its share repurchase program to buy back up to EUR 150 mill…,Press ReleaseFebruary 4  2025Signify starts EUR 150 million share repurchase programEindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced the start of its share repurchase program to buy back up to EUR 150 million of its own shares  as announced in its press release of January 24  2025.An allocation of up to EUR 30 million will be used to cover obligations arising from Signify’s long-term incentive performance share plan and other employee share plans  which repurchases will be completed first. The remainder of the share repurchases will be allocated to the cancellation of shares.The program will begin on February 4  2025 and is expected to be completed by the end of 2025.At the current share price  the EUR 150 million share repurchase program represents a total of approximately 7 million shares or 5.5% of the company issued share capital.The program will be executed by an intermediary to allow for share repurchases in the open market during both open and closed periods. The program will be executed within the limits of relevant laws and regulations and the authority granted by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 14  2024  and of the authority to be granted by future AGMs.Signify will update the market on the progress of the share repurchase program via the company’s website and through press releases as appropriate.--- END ---For further information  please contact:Signify Investor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comSignify Corporate CommunicationsTom LodgeTel: +31 6 5252 5416E-mail: tom.lodge@signify.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals  consumers and the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact systems and data-enabled services deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2024  we had sales of EUR 6.1 billion  approximately 29 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for eight consecutive years and have achieved the EcoVadis Platinum rating for five consecutive years  placing Signify in the top one percent of companies assessed. News from Signify can be found in the Newsroom  on X  LinkedIn and Instagram. Information for investors is located on the Investor Relations page.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['EUR 150 million share repurchase program', 'Signify', 'long-term incentive performance share plan', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'EUR 150 million share repurchase program', 'other employee share plans', 'Corporate Communications Tom Lodge', 'current share price', 'Annual General Meeting', 'eight consecutive years', 'EcoVadis Platinum rating', 'five consecutive years', 'top one percent', 'Investor Relations page', 'share capital', '7 million shares', 'share repurchases', 'world leader', 'Press Release', 'closed periods', 'relevant laws', 'future AGMs', 'Philips products', 'Interact systems', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'open market', 'Thelke Gerdes', 'February', 'Signify', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', 'start', 'January', 'allocation', 'obligations', 'remainder', 'cancellation', 'end', 'total', 'company', 'intermediary', 'limits', 'regulations', 'authority', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'progress', 'website', 'information', 'Tel', 'mail', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '29,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'companies', 'News', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'Attachment', '31']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48646,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3019978/0/en/Fagron-solidifies-its-leadership-position-with-the-acquisition-of-Guinama-in-Spain.html,Fagron solidifies its leadership position with the acquisition of Guinama in Spain,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  4 Feb 2025 – 7AM CET  Fagron solidifies its leadership position with the...,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  4 Feb 2025 – 7AM CETFagron solidifies its leadership position with the acquisition of Guinama in SpainFagron  the leading global player in pharmaceutical compounding is pleased to announce the acquisition of Guinama in Spain. This acquisition underscores Fagron’s commitment to expanding across our key markets whilst adhering to our disciplined acquisition strategy.Guinama  based in Valencia  Spain  specializes in repackaging and distribution of active pharmaceutical ingredients and excipients to pharmacies  hospitals and industries. It is known for its excellent customer service and strong competitive position  especially for high-volume and fast-moving products. Guinama strengthens Fagron’s market positioning in the Iberian pharmaceutical compounding market  further solidifying its leading role within the sector and country.The enterprise value of the acquisition is c.€22m and the acquisition will close on signing. Guinama generates low double-digit (€m) of annual revenue and has an EBITDA margin slightly above Fagron’s existing group margin.Rafael Padilla  CEO of Fagron commented: “The acquisition of Guinama aligns perfectly with our disciplined  strategic approach to growth. This acquisition solidifies our repackaging and distribution activities in EMEA  whilst strengthening our market leadership position in Iberia. Key synergies of this integration will come from optimized sourcing  streamlined back-office operations  centralized warehousing  and a shift of production to Poland.”Financial calendar 202520 February Full year results 202410 April Trading update first quarter 202512 May Annual shareholders meeting31 July Half year results 20259 October Trading update third quarter 2025Results and trading updates are published at 7.00 AM CETFurther informationKarin de JongChief Financial Officerinvestors@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.Important information regarding forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be deemed to be forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. Consequently  Fagron cannot provide any guarantee that such forward-looking statements will  in fact  materialize and cannot accept any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or for any other reason.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.08,0.34,True,English,"['leadership position', 'Fagron', 'acquisition', 'Guinama', 'Spain', '12 May Annual shareholders meeting', 'Iberian pharmaceutical compounding market', 'excellent customer service', 'disciplined, strategic approach', 'Karin de Jong', 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'leading global player', 'strong competitive position', '10 April Trading update', '9 October Trading update', 'existing group margin', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Full year results', 'Half year results', 'market leadership position', 'leading global company', 'disciplined acquisition strategy', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'market positioning', 'annual revenue', 'leading role', 'trading updates', 'EBITDA margin', 'Financial calendar', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch company', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'key markets', 'fast-moving products', 'enterprise value', 'low double-digit (€', 'Rafael Padilla', 'Key synergies', 'back-office operations', 'centralized warehousing', '7.00 AM CET', 'Further information', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'new information', 'future events', 'other reason', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'distribution activities', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'Spain Fagron', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '4 Feb', '7AM', 'Guinama', 'commitment', 'Valencia', 'repackaging', 'excipients', 'pharmacies', 'hospitals', 'industries', 'high-volume', 'sector', 'country', 'signing', 'CEO', 'growth', 'EMEA', 'integration', 'sourcing', 'shift', 'production', 'Poland', 'February', 'quarter', 'July', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'uncertainties', 'guarantee', 'fact', 'obligation', 'differences', 'latter', 'Attachment']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48647,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3020018/0/en/Tarkett-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-in-Tarkett-s-share-capital-as-of-January-31st-2025.html,Tarkett - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of January  31st  2025,PARIS  FRANCE  February 4th  2025 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of January 31st  2025   ......,PARIS  FRANCE  February 4th  2025 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of January 31st  2025(Article L233-8-II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers)Date Total number of shares in the share capital Total number of voting rights As of January 31st  2025 65 550 281 Number of theoretical voting rights:123 799 014Number of exercisable voting rights:123 780 455** After deduction of the treasury shares without voting rights.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a 140-year history  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and durable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating a turnover of 3.4 billion euros in 2023. The Group has around 12 000 employees and 23 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett designs and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  shops and sports fields  serving customers in more than 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to the circular economy and sustainable development  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Tarkett', 'Information', 'shares', 'January', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'French Commercial Code', 'marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'Euronext regulated market', '23 R&D centers', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'February 4th', 'share capital', 'January 31st', 'General Regulation', 'Autorité des', '140-year history', 'worldwide leader', 'durable flooring', '3.4 billion euros', '34 production sites', 'The Way', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'sustainable development', 'compartment B', 'total number', 'The Group', 'treasury shares', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'Information', 'Article', 'Date', 'deduction', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'innovative', 'turnover', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'shops', 'customers', '100 countries', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'tarkett-group', 'Attachment', '33']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48648,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3020715/0/en/HOPSCOTCH-GROUPE-Consolidated-turnover-Q4-and-annual-2024.html,HOPSCOTCH GROUPE : Consolidated turnover Q4 and annual 2024,Press releaseParis  February 4  2025 – 7:30 PM                Section: Quarterly Revenue  HOPSCOTCH GROUPEConsolidated Revenue for Q4 2024A New Record:...,Press releaseParis  February 4  2025 – 7:30 PMSection: Quarterly RevenueHOPSCOTCH GROUPEConsolidated Revenue for Q4 2024A New Record: The Group Surpasses €100 Million in Gross Margin in 2024HOPSCOTCH (Euronext Growth FR0000065278)  a leading communications consultancy and key player in digital and social media  public relations  and events  announces its consolidated revenue and gross margin as of December 31  2024.M€ (*) Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4(*) TOTAL 2024 2024 Consolidated Revenue2024 Consolidated Gross Margin 55 221 8 74 127 4 92 222 8 97 732 8 319 2104 8 2023 Consolidated Revenue2023 Consolidated Gross Margin 51 018 3 71 923 7 57 321 1 91 129 6 271 393 0 Revenue VariationGross Margin Variation +8 2%+19 1% +3 1%+15 6% +60 9%+8 1% +7 2%+10 8% +17 7%+12 7%(*) Unaudited dataThe year 2024 marks a new milestone for Hopscotch Group. The Group’s consolidated revenue reached €319.2 million in 2024 (+17.7%)  while consolidated gross margin stood at €104.8 million (+12.7%). This new all-time high confirms the Group’s sustained growth trajectory.In terms of external growth  the consolidation of Interface Tourism—now Hopscotch Tourism  reflecting the Group’s international expansion strategy—accounts for 9% of total gross margin. Beyond integrating strong expertise in the tourism industry  this acquisition strengthens Hopscotch’s international presence  particularly in Europe  and fosters significant commercial synergies.Regarding organic growth  Hopscotch posted a 5% year-on-year increase in gross margin in France  both in the event sector and in PR and Digital consulting. However  the second half of the year in France was slightly less dynamic than anticipated  as the Olympic Games  while generating business opportunities  also temporarily diverted demand from traditional clients. Internationally  the Group achieved growth across all regions (Europe  the Gulf  and Asia)  with the exception of the U.S. market  which remains a relatively small contributor to the Group’s gross margin (less than 5% in 2024).Both in France—where the country’s unprecedented global exposure in 2024 served as a major driver—and internationally  the Group reaffirms its growth potential for 2025 and beyond. To support this ambition  Hopscotch has consolidated nearly all of its subsidiaries under the Hopscotch brand  which is now firmly established and visible worldwide.HOPSCOTCH will publish its 2024 consolidated annual results on Tuesday  April 1  2025  before market opening._______________Shareholder contactPierre-Franck MOLEY – Chief Executive Officer - +33 1 41 34 20 56 - pfmoley@hopscotchgroupe.comPress contactJodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE – Executive Board Assistant - +33 1 41 34 20 51 - jodiekc@hopscotchgroupe.com________About HOPSCOTCHHOPSCOTCH is an international communications group founded in France  driven by an entrepreneurial vision and the complementary nature of its talents and expertise.HOPSCOTCH is a unique combination of expertise  driven by the belief that the value of a company or organization lies in the quality of its relational capital.With more than 1 000 employees  half of whom are based internationally (40 offices across 5 continents)  HOPSCOTCH covers all areas of communication: influence  events  public relations  activations  digital  internal communication  public affairs  and marketing services.HOPSCOTCH organizes its agencies around its areas of expertise:Event: Hopscotch Event  Hopscotch Congrès  Hopscotch Moments  Sagarmatha.Public Relations: Hopscotch PR  Le Public Système PR  Human to Human  Hopscotch Décideurs.Digital and Marketing: heaven  AD Crew  Hopscotch Digital Studio.Sectorial expertise: Hopscotch Cinéma  Hopscotch Luxe  Hopscotch Season  Hopscotch Sport  Hopscotch Tourism.HOPSCOTCH has been committed to ambitious ecological and societal initiatives for over 15 years  validated by internationally recognized CSR certifications  including RSE Agences Actives  ISO 20121  and the EcoVadis Platinum medal.Listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: ALHOP FR 00000 6527 8)  the group represents a turnover of €271 million and a gross margin of €93 million in 2023.Follow us: www.hopscotchgroupe.com and on LinkedIn / X / Instagram / Bluesky @HOPSCOTCHgroupeELIGIBLE PEA PMEAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.29,0.68,True,English,"['HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', 'Consolidated turnover', 'Le Public Système PR', 'ELIGIBLE PEA PME Attachment', 'HOPSCOTCH GROUPE Consolidated Revenue', 'leading communications consultancy', 'significant commercial synergies', 'unprecedented global exposure', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE', 'Executive Board Assistant', 'RSE Agences Actives', 'EcoVadis Platinum medal', 'international expansion strategy', '2024 consolidated annual results', 'A New Record', 'U.S. market', 'sustained growth trajectory', 'total gross margin', 'Hopscotch Congrès', 'Hopscotch Décideurs', 'Hopscotch Cinéma', '2024 Consolidated Gross Margin', 'Gross Margin Variation', 'international communications group', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Hopscotch Digital Studio', '2023 Consolidated Revenue', '93,0 Revenue Variation', 'international presence', 'public relations', 'public affairs', 'new milestone', 'market opening', 'Hopscotch PR', 'Quarterly Revenue', 'external growth', 'organic growth', 'growth potential', 'Press release', 'key player', 'social media', 'Q1 Q2', 'Unaudited data', 'Interface Tourism', 'tourism industry', 'second half', 'Olympic Games', 'business opportunities', 'traditional clients', 'small contributor', 'major driver', 'Shareholder contact', 'Pierre-Franck MOLEY', 'Press contact', 'entrepreneurial vision', 'complementary nature', 'unique combination', 'relational capital', 'AD Crew', 'ambitious ecological', 'societal initiatives', 'CSR certifications', 'ISIN code', 'ALHOP FR', 'Hopscotch Tourism', 'Hopscotch brand', 'Hopscotch Moments', 'Hopscotch Luxe', 'Hopscotch Season', 'Hopscotch Sport', 'event sector', 'Digital consulting', 'The Group', 'internal communication', 'marketing services', 'Hopscotch Event', 'strong expertise', 'Sectorial expertise', 'year increase', 'year 2024', 'February', 'Section', 'Q4', 'events', 'December', 'high', 'terms', 'consolidation', 'now', 'acquisition', 'Europe', 'France', 'demand', 'regions', 'Gulf', 'Asia', 'exception', 'country', 'ambition', 'subsidiaries', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'pfmoley', 'hopscotchgroupe', 'jodiekc', 'talents', 'belief', 'value', 'company', 'organization', 'quality', '1,000 employees', '40 offices', '5 continents', 'areas', 'influence', 'activations', 'agencies', 'Sagarmatha', 'heaven', '15 years', 'ISO', 'turnover', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Bluesky', '7:30', '€', '2025']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48649,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3020588/0/en/Information-on-share-capital-and-voting-rights-January-2025.html,Information on share capital and voting rights - January 2025,Information on share capital and voting rights January 2025        Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code...,Information on share capital and voting rightsJanuary 2025Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and articles 221-1 2 ° f) and 223-16 of the AMF Regulations.February 4th  2025Statement made by:Nexans S.A.Registered office : 4 Allée de l’Arche - 92400 CourbevoieRCS Nanterre 393 525 852Regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A)DateTotal number of sharesTotal number of voting rights Theorical (1) Exercisable (2) January 31st  2025 43 753 380 43 753 380 43 597 572(1) Calculated based on all shares with voting rights  including treasury shares stripped of voting rights (Art. 223-11 of AMF General Regulations).(2) For information  excluding treasury shares stripped of voting rights  excluding liquidity contract.Provision of Nexans articles of association requiring shareholders to declare the crossing of threshold other than the legal thresholds: yes.Extract of article 7 of Nexans articles of association: “Fully paid up shares may be registered or bearer at the option of the shareholder. In addition to the legal obligation to inform the company when certain fractions of the share capital are held  any natural or legal person and/or shareholder owning a number of shares in the company equal to or greater than 2 % of the share capital or voting rights must notify the company of the total number of shares held  within a period of fifteen days from the time the threshold is crossed  by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt. A further notification must be sent  in accordance with the conditions hereof  each time that a multiple of 2 % is reached.”Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['share capital', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'January', 'French commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Nexans S.A.', 'AMF Regulations', 'Compartment A', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Registered office', '4 Allée', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'Nexans articles', 'legal thresholds', 'legal obligation', 'legal person', 'fifteen days', 'Total number', 'article L.', 'January 31st', 'treasury shares', 'Information', 'Statement', 'accordance', 'February', '92400 Courbevoie', 'Date', 'Art.', 'Provision', 'association', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'Extract', 'option', 'addition', 'company', 'fractions', 'natural', 'period', 'time', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'notification', 'conditions', 'multiple', 'Attachment', '°']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48650,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3020694/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 3 February 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – 3 February 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 27 January to 31 January 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 23 May 2024.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-01-27 BUY 10 8 200000 82 00 XAMS 2025-01-29 BUY 100 8 200000 820 00 XAMS 2025-01-29 SELL 60 8 250000 495 00 XAMS 2025-01-30 BUY 1 8 200000 8 20 XAMS 2025-01-31 SELL 61 8 250000 503 25 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2024 results: 6 March 2025Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ:NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).1 Previously known as FL Entertainment N.V. until 24 May 2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'global entertainment leader', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'following transactions', 'live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2024 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Banijay Gaming', 'BNJ.AS', 'Paris', '3 February', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '27 January', '31 January', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '23 May', 'Number', '27 BUY', 'XAMS', '29 BUY', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '6 March', 'Phone', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '24 May', 'Attachment']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48651,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3020023/0/en/Atos-ranked-in-the-top-5-of-the-IT-Services-industry-in-the-2024-S-P-Global-Corporate-Sustainability-Assessment.html,Atos ranked in the top 5% of the IT Services industry in the 2024 S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment,Press Release  Atos ranked in the top 5% of the IT Services industry in the 2024...,Press ReleaseAtos ranked in the top 5% of theIT Services industry in the 2024S&P Global Corporate Sustainability AssessmentParis  France – February 4  2025 – Atos Group today announces that it has been recognized by S&P Global as one of the most sustainable companies worldwide in its industry for the 11th consecutive year. Atos achieved a score of 74/100 in the 2024 S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA)  placing Atos within the top 5% of the IT services industry among 166 companies assessed with an average industry score of 32/100. This high rating reflects Atos’ long-standing dedication to sustainability and its exemplary performance in Environmental  Social & Governance (ESG) practices.The assessment highlighted significant strengths in environmental management and the transparency of sustainable reporting  recognizing Atos’ ambitious environmental program  which started 14 years ago.Alexandra Knupe  Group Head of Corporate Social Responsibility  Atos comments “Atos is proud to rank within the top 5% of IT services companies globally. The S&P Global CSA recognizes our commitment and continuous development towards excellence in Environmental  Social & Governance practices. By continuously improving our practices  we aim to set a benchmark in the industry and contribute positively to global environmental and social challenges”.The S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment is an annual evaluation of companies’ sustainability practices. It covers over 10 000 companies globally. The CSA has been assessing sustainability criteria that are both general and industry-specific since 1999. More information about the CSA methodology can be found here.Atos has recently been awarded a “Platinum” EcoVadis Medal for its commitment to sustainability for the 5th consecutive year  following 8 years of receiving the EcoVadis Gold Medal. Find out more about Atos’ CSR program here.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 82 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 10 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactFlorence Vayleux | florence.vayleux@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 32 12 22 96Attachment,neutral,0.34,0.65,0.0,positive,0.5,0.5,0.0,True,English,"['2024 S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment', 'IT Services industry', 'Atos', 'The S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment', '2024 S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment', 'The S&P Global CSA', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', '11th consecutive year', 'Platinum” EcoVadis Medal', '5th consecutive year', 'EcoVadis Gold Medal', 'ambitious environmental program', 'companies’ sustainability practices', 'IT Services industry', 'IT services companies', 'Atos’ CSR program', 'The CSA', 'average industry score', 'secure information space', 'global environmental', 'global leader', 'sustainability criteria', 'CSA methodology', 'decarbonization services', 'More information', 'Environmental, Social', 'environmental management', 'Press Release', 'sustainable companies', 'high rating', 'long-standing dedication', 'exemplary performance', 'ESG) practices', 'significant strengths', 'sustainable reporting', 'Alexandra Knupe', 'social challenges', 'annual evaluation', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'Press contact', 'Group Head', 'Governance practices', 'Euronext Paris', 'technological excellence', 'continuous development', 'Florence Vayleux', 'Atos Group', '166 companies', '10,000 companies', 'France', 'February', 'top', 'transparency', 'commitment', 'benchmark', '8 years', 'c.', '82,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Attachment']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48652,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3020678/0/en/Aramis-Group-Governance-changes-at-Aramis-Group.html,Aramis Group - Governance changes at Aramis Group,PRESS RELEASE  Arcueil  February 4  2025  Governance changes at Aramis Group  Following the Combined General Meeting held on February 4  2025  Aramis...,PRESS RELEASEArcueil  February 4  2025Governance changes at Aramis GroupFollowing the Combined General Meeting held on February 4  2025  Aramis Group announces changes to its governance with the appointment of Sonia Barrière as new independent director and James Weston as a new director representing Stellantis.Their mandates take effect immediately and will continue until the Annual General Meeting of shareholders that will approve the financial statements for the fiscal year ending September 30  2027.Sonia Barrière appointed as new independent directorThe appointment of Sonia Barrière to the Board of Directors of Aramis Group is a major asset in anticipating and addressing the technological  environmental  and social challenges faced by the Group.A graduate of the École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées  Sonia Barrière  50  brings substantial experience from sectors undergoing significant digital transformation. She has held senior leadership roles at CNP Assurances  Air France-KLM  Avis  and Carlson Wagonlit Travel (CWT)  where she spearheaded transformation initiatives and developed customer-centric strategies. She also served as an independent director at SITA (an international air transport telecommunications company) and chaired the Board of Directors of a subsidiary of CNP Assurances.Her expertise in strategy and international expansion  digital transformation and corporate social responsibility (CSR) is fully aligned with Aramis Group’s strategic ambitions and will be instrumental in driving the Group’s future growth.James Weston appointed as new director representing StellantisThe appointment of James Weston  a British national  to the Board of Directors of Aramis Group marks a key milestone in the company’s journey as a European leader. His international expertise and deep industry knowledge will further strengthen its leadership in the refurbished used car market.At 48 years old  James Weston brings 27 years of experience in the automotive industry  including 24 years with Stellantis. A graduate in Business Management from Bradford University Management Centre  he currently holds the position of Senior Vice President for Used Vehicles at Stellantis  where he oversees the global used vehicles unit and manages operations outside Europe.James Weston began his career at Stellantis & You UK  the directly owned distribution network of Stellantis  where he held various strategic positions before becoming CEO. In 2023  he was entrusted with developing new ventures in the used vehicle segment for Stellantis. He also sits on the boards of several key Stellantis investments  including AutoAvaliar  Carflip  and Africar Group  and oversees the board of FengChe.Mandate renewals and Board compositionThe General Meeting also renewed the mandates of Guillaume Paoli  Nicolas Chartier  Philippe de Rovira  Linda Jackson  Sophie Le Roi  Delphine Mousseau  and Patrick Bataillard for terms ranging from 2 to 4 years  in accordance with the AFEP-MEDEF Code.Following the Board of Directors meeting held after the General Meeting  Guillaume Paoli and Nicolas Chartier  co-founders of Aramis Group  were reappointed as Chairman and CEO  and Deputy CEO  respectively.The Board of Directors continues to comprise 9 members: the 2 co-founders  4 directors representing Stellantis  and 3 independent directors (Delphine Mousseau  Patrick Bataillard  and now Sonia Barrière). The Board maintains 33% independence and 44% gender diversity  meeting the AFEP-MEDEF Code recommendations. The diverse expertise of its members continues to ensure a high level of strategic and operational excellence  supporting the company’s sustainable and long-term development.The composition of the audit  and nomination and remuneration committees remains unchanged. James Weston joins the CSR committee  and Sonia Barrière takes on the role of its Chair  in line with best governance practices.***About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With annual revenues of more than €2 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 110 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes close to 70 million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs more than 2 400 people and has eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94).Investors contactAlexandre LeroyHead of Investor Relations Financing and Cash Managementalexandre.leroy@aramis.group+33 (0)6 58 80 50 24Press contactsBrunswickHugues BoëtonTristan Roquet Montegonaramisgroup@brunswickgroup.com+33 (0)6 79 99 27 15Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Aramis Group', 'Governance changes', 'B2C online used car sales', 'international air transport telecommunications company', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers', 'Bradford University Management Centre', 'global used vehicles unit', 'several key Stellantis investments', 'Sonia Barrière', 'École Nationale des', 'Carlson Wagonlit Travel', 'Senior Vice President', 'Philippe de Rovira', 'Sophie Le Roi', 'vehicle refurbishing pioneer', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Tristan Roquet Montego', 'corporate social responsibility', 'deep industry knowledge', 'Cash Management alexandre', 'Combined General Meeting', 'senior leadership roles', 'various strategic positions', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code recommendations', 'best governance practices', 'Annual General Meeting', 'significant digital transformation', 'The General Meeting', 'new independent director', '110,000 vehicles B2C', 'Air France-KLM', 'international expansion', 'key milestone', 'car market', 'Business Management', 'new director', 'international expertise', 'social challenges', 'automotive industry', 'vehicle segment', 'annual revenues', 'new ventures', 'transformation initiatives', 'digital technology', 'digital platforms', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'James Weston', 'financial statements', 'fiscal year', 'major asset', 'Chaussées', 'CNP Assurances', 'customer-centric strategies', 'strategic ambitions', 'future growth', 'British national', 'European leader', 'You UK', 'distribution network', 'Mandate renewals', 'Guillaume Paoli', 'Nicolas Chartier', 'Linda Jackson', 'Delphine Mousseau', 'Patrick Bataillard', '44% gender diversity', 'high level', 'operational excellence', 'long-term development', 'remuneration committees', 'six countries', 'e-commerce expert', 'circular economy', 'employee engagement', '70 million visitors', 'Alexandre Leroy', 'Investor Relations', 'Press contacts', 'Directors meeting', '3 independent directors', 'Africar Group', 'growing group', 'The Group', 'diverse expertise', 'Aramis Group', 'Governance changes', 'substantial experience', 'CSR committee', 'sustainable mobility', 'Deputy CEO', '2 to 4 years', 'Board composition', '4 directors', '27 years', '24 years', '20 years', 'Arcueil', 'February', 'appointment', 'mandates', 'effect', 'shareholders', 'September', 'graduate', 'Ponts', 'sectors', 'Avis', 'CWT', 'SITA', 'subsidiary', 'strategy', 'journey', 'operations', 'career', 'boards', 'AutoAvaliar', 'Carflip', 'FengChe', 'terms', 'accordance', 'founders', 'Chairman', '9 members', '33% independence', 'audit', 'nomination', 'action', 'offering', 'customers', 'value', 'stakeholders', '2,400 people', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'Investors', 'Head', 'Financing', 'Brunswick', '6']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48653,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3019974/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-Reveals-3D-UNIV-RSES-and-Related-AI-Based-Services.html,Dassault Systèmes Reveals “3D UNIV+RSES” and Related AI-Based Services,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 4  2025  Dassault Systèmes Reveals “3D UNIV+RSES” and Related AI-Based Services  “3D UNIV+RSES”...,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 4  2025Dassault Systèmes Reveals “3D UNIV+RSES” and Related AI-Based Services“3D UNIV+RSES” embed multiple generative AI technologies at the core of global IP Lifecycle Management  “POWER’by” the 3DEXPERIENCE platformNext generation Dassault Systèmes technology offers environment for combining virtual twins  training AI engines and protecting customer IPCustomers in all sectors can take advantage of the AI era to improve the daily lives of consumers  patients and citizensDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today opened up its new horizon as part of the Generative Economy by introducing “3D UNIV+RSES” that embed multiple generative AI technologies at the core of global IP Lifecycle Management (IPLM) for the benefit of its clients.This evolving architecture will permit its large client base to fully exploit their rich  high-quality patrimony of 3D design  virtual twins and PLM data in a new space of representation  the premier digital environment to train new categories of Experience as a Service (XaaS) ─ namely: Generative Experiences (GenXp)  Virtual Companions  as well as intelligent Virtual Twin Experience as a Service (VTaaS). Dassault Systèmes’ “POWER’byAI” approach and its multi-AI  industry-aware platforms ─ 3DEXPERIENCE (manufacturing)  MEDIDATA (life sciences and health care) and CENTRIC (consumer goods and food) ─ provide customers with world-class secured environments to reveal and generate their own knowledge and know-how with rapid deployment.Tomorrow’s game-changers will be those with the best-developed knowledge and know-how assets  who take inspiration from the living world to generate rather than consume  giving back to the planet as much as they take from it. This is what Dassault Systèmes calls the Generative Economy. It results from the convergence of the Experience Economy and the Circular Economy; it's an economy of virtual assets in which intellectual property (IP)  the critical factor for differentiation  will serve as a currency.It will be catalyzed and enabled by “3D UNIV+RSES” and accelerated by the learning possibilities offered by AI. “3D UNIV+RSES” represent a new class of representation of the world: virtual-plus-real representations that holistically combine modeling  simulation  real-world evidence and AI-generated content. They offer a unique and secured industry environment for combining and cross-simulating virtual twins and for training multi-AI engines while protecting customers’ IP.“All our longtime loyal clients are expecting us to protect their ‘gold mine’ of virtual assets and reveal the invisible. In order to generate and protect the most valuable intellectual property  it is of critical importance to create Virtual Twin Experiences of everything for everyone that harmonize product  nature and life. Dassault Systèmes is committed to becoming the most trusted partner to provide ‘3D UNIV+RSES ’ as the ultimate source of knowledge and know-how  for our mutual benefit and human progress ” said Bernard Charlès  Executive Chairman  Dassault Systèmes.“3D UNIV+RSES” are the seventh generation of representation of the world introduced by Dassault Systèmes over the past 44 years. These generations have ushered in new ways of imagining  creating and producing.Today  in the Manufacturing Industries and Infrastructure and Cities sectors  the most advanced companies that create airplanes  vehicles  machines  robots  or high-tech and med-tech equipment use Dassault Systèmes’ sophisticated virtual twins to ensure the quality  performance and safety of their products and services  and to comply with regulations and standards. Dassault Systèmes has developed the same approach for innovators in the Life Sciences and Healthcare sector and pioneered virtual twins of the living world  from cells to organs to patients.“The extensive work done by Bernard Charlès and our Strategy and Research and Development teams over the past three years to define and create game-changer solutions based on the deep and wide adoption of generative AI is impressive. This will enable our clients in all sectors to take advantage of the AI era at every stage of the cycle of life of the products and services they invent and create to make them more sustainable. This will ultimately improve the daily lives of consumers  patients and citizens ” said Pascal Daloz  CEO  Dassault Systèmes.“3D UNIV+RSES” make it possible for customers to create the virtual twin of everything for everyone and virtualize their entire ecosystem. Experience will be at the core of them since “3D UNIV+RSES” are environments for experimentation integrating motion  transformation and time. Embedded AI technology serves as an accelerator to invent game-changing generative experiences  empower everyone with their virtual companion  and upskill the workforce of the future.###FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  350 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit: www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com +33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North America Natasha LEVANTI natasha.levanti@3ds.com +1 (508) 449 8097EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG virginie.blindenberg@3ds.com +33 (0) 1 61 62 84 21China Grace MU grace.mu@3ds.com +86 10 6536 2288Japan Reina YAMAGUCHI reina.yamaguchi@3ds.com +81 90 9325 2545Korea Jeemin JEONG jeemin.jeong@3ds.com +82 2 3271 6653India Priyanka PANDEY priyanka.pandey@3ds.com +91 9886302179Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'Related AI-Based Services', '3D UNIV+RSES', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'global IP Lifecycle Management', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'multiple generative AI technologies', 'Dassault Systèmes technology', 'intelligent Virtual Twin Experience', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'large client base', 'rich, high-quality patrimony', 'Bernard Charlès', 'Embedded AI technology', 'premier digital environment', 'multi-AI, industry-aware platforms', 'game-changing generative experiences', 'secured industry environment', 'world-class secured environments', 'valuable intellectual property', 'Virtual Twin Experiences', 'past three years', '3D design software', 'Related AI-Based Services', 'longtime loyal clients', 'sophisticated virtual twins', 'past 44 years', 'customer IP', 'Generative Economy', 'AI engines', 'AI era', 'Virtual Companions', 'virtual assets', '3D UNIV+RSES', 'Press Release', 'Next generation', 'daily lives', 'Euronext Paris', 'new horizon', 'evolving architecture', 'PLM data', 'new space', 'new categories', 'health care', 'consumer goods', 'rapid deployment', 'critical factor', 'learning possibilities', 'new class', 'real representations', 'real-world evidence', 'AI-generated content', 'gold mine', 'critical importance', 'trusted partner', 'ultimate source', 'human progress', 'Executive Chairman', 'seventh generation', 'new ways', 'advanced companies', 'med-tech equipment', 'Healthcare sector', 'extensive work', 'Development teams', 'game-changer solutions', 'wide adoption', 'Pascal Daloz', 'entire ecosystem', 'PLM) solutions', 'customers’ IP', 'Experience Economy', 'Circular Economy', 'life sciences', 'how assets', 'living world', 'mutual benefit', 'Manufacturing Industries', 'same approach', 'Cities sectors', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'February', 'core', 'advantage', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'DSY', 'IPLM', 'XaaS', 'GenXp', 'VTaaS', 'POWER', 'byAI', 'MEDIDATA', 'CENTRIC', 'food', 'knowledge', 'Tomorrow', 'game-changers', 'inspiration', 'planet', 'convergence', 'differentiation', 'currency', 'modeling', 'simulation', 'unique', 'invisible', 'order', 'everything', 'everyone', 'nature', 'know-how', 'generations', 'Infrastructure', 'airplanes', 'vehicles', 'machines', 'robots', 'high-tech', 'performance', 'safety', 'products', 'regulations', 'standards', 'innovators', 'cells', 'organs', 'Strategy', 'Research', 'deep', 'stage', 'CEO', 'experimentation', 'motion', 'transformation', 'accelerator', 'workforce', 'future', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'ABOUT']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48654,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3019973/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-and-Volkswagen-Group-Implement-the-3DEXPERIENCE-Platform-to-Optimize-Vehicle-Development.html,Dassault Systèmes and Volkswagen Group Implement the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform to Optimize Vehicle Development,Dassault Systèmes and Volkswagen Group Implement the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform to Optimize Vehicle Development  Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform on...,Dassault Systèmes and Volkswagen Group Implement the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform to Optimize Vehicle DevelopmentDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud becomes a foundational technology solution at Volkswagen Group to advance vehicle development Virtual twin experiences reduce engineering and manufacturing cycles of complex automotive systems  streamline workflows  optimize resources and accelerate time-to-marketVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 4  2025 — Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) and Volkswagen Group today announced a long-term partnership to advance Volkswagen Group’s digital infrastructure for state-of-the-art vehicle development by implementing Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform.Volkswagen Group has chosen the 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud as a main engineering and manufacturing platform. Engineers  designers and other professionals across the Volkswagen  Audi and Porsche brands will use virtual twins to streamline the development of vehicles. This will enable teams to simulate  test and refine every aspect of vehicle development in a collaborative virtual environment before physical production begins  while ensuring compliance with global regulations and sustainability standards.“We are advancing the development of our next-generation IT system landscape  and the decision to partner with Dassault Systèmes marks an important milestone ” said Hauke Stars  Board Member at Volkswagen Group for IT. “With consistent data streams and AI solutions built on them  we are creating a true technological leap for our teams in development and factory planning. At the same time  we are sustainably reducing IT costs and accelerating processes by streamlining our system complexity and utilizing virtual twins.”“Industry evolutions in the context of the Generative Economy are compelling automotive companies to make transformative decisions that will propel the vehicle experience to new heights ” said Pascal Daloz  CEO  Dassault Systèmes. “After four decades of partnership rooted in innovation and trust  we’re now embarking on the next chapter with Volkswagen Group with the 3DEXPERIENCE platform at its core. Our AI-powered virtual twins and the strength and resilience of the cloud will unify Volkswagen Group’s hardware and software innovation and unleash the knowledge and know-how to accelerate its software-driven transformation.”Volkswagen Group will rely on four Dassault Systèmes industry solution experiences based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform: “Global Modular Architecture ” “Smart  Safe and Connected ” “Efficient Multi-Energy Platform ” and “On-Target Vehicle Launch.”Social media:Connect with Dassault Systèmes on Facebook LinkedIn YouTubeFor more information:Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.com###About Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  350 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit: www.3ds.comAbout Volkswagen GroupThe Volkswagen Group is one of the world's leading car makers  headquartered in Wolfsburg  Germany. It operates globally  with 114 production facilities in 17 European countries and 10 countries in the Americas  Asia and Africa. With around 684 000 employees worldwide. The Group’s vehicles are sold in over 150 countries.With an unrivalled portfolio of strong global brands  leading technologies at scale  innovative ideas to tap into future profit pools and an entrepreneurial leadership team  the Volkswagen Group is committed to shaping the future of mobility through investments in electric and autonomous driving vehicles  digitalization and sustainability.In 2023  the total number of vehicles delivered to customers by the Group globally was 9.2 million (2022: 8.3 million). Group sales revenue in 2023 totaled EUR 322.3 billion (2022: EUR 279.1 billion). The operating result before special items in 2023 amounted to EUR 22.6 billion (2022: EUR 22.5 billion).Dassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com +33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North America Natasha LEVANTI natasha.levanti@3ds.com +1 (508) 449 8097EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG virginie.blindenberg@3ds.com +33 (0) 1 61 62 84 21China Grace MU grace.mu@3ds.com +86 10 6536 2288Japan Reina YAMAGUCHI reina.yamaguchi@3ds.com +81 90 9325 2545Korea Jeemin JEONG jeemin.jeong@3ds.com +82 2 3271 6653India Priyanka PANDEY priyanka.pandey@3ds.com +91 9886302179Volkswagen Group Press ContactGlobal Jonas KULAWIK jonas.alexander.kulawik@volkswagen.deAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'Volkswagen Group', '3DEXPERIENCE Platform', 'Vehicle Development', 'four Dassault Systèmes industry solution experiences', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'next-generation IT system landscape', 'Volkswagen Group Press Contact', 'France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud', 'foundational technology solution', 'Virtual twin experiences', 'Efficient Multi-Energy Platform', 'consistent data streams', 'true technological leap', '3D design software', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'entrepreneurial leadership team', 'China Grace MU', 'Global Modular Architecture', 'complex automotive systems', 'collaborative virtual environment', 'leading car makers', 'strong global brands', 'Group sales revenue', 'Target Vehicle Launch', 'future profit pools', 'EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG', 'Japan Reina YAMAGUCHI', 'Korea Jeemin JEONG', 'India Priyanka PANDEY', 'AI-powered virtual twins', 'Global Jonas KULAWIK', 'autonomous driving vehicles', 'The Volkswagen Group', 'Industry evolutions', 'four decades', 'manufacturing platform', 'digital infrastructure', 'system complexity', 'global regulations', 'The Group', 'Porsche brands', 'automotive companies', 'virtual worlds', 'leading technologies', 'IT costs', 'vehicle experience', 'manufacturing cycles', 'Euronext Paris', 'other professionals', 'physical production', 'important milestone', 'Hauke Stars', 'Board Member', 'AI solutions', 'factory planning', 'Generative Economy', 'transformative decisions', 'new heights', 'Pascal Daloz', 'next chapter', 'software innovation', 'software-driven transformation', 'Social media', 'Facebook LinkedIn', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'real life', 'sustainable innovations', 'meaningful impact', '114 production facilities', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'innovative ideas', 'total number', 'operating result', 'special items', 'North America', 'Natasha LEVANTI', 'Vehicle Development', 'long-term partnership', 'main engineering', 'sustainability standards', 'same time', '17 European countries', '10 countries', '150 countries', 'cloud', 'workflows', 'resources', 'market', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'February', 'DSY', 'state', 'Engineers', 'designers', 'Audi', 'teams', 'test', 'aspect', 'compliance', 'processes', 'context', 'CEO', 'trust', 'core', 'strength', 'resilience', 'hardware', 'knowledge', 'know-how', 'Smart', 'information', 'catalyst', 'company', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', '350,000 customers', 'sizes', 'industries', '3ds', 'Wolfsburg', 'Germany', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'Africa', '684,000 employees', 'scale', 'mobility', 'investments', 'electric', 'digitalization', 'alexander', 'Attachment']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48655,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3019998/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in total 4 550 623 shares were repurchased during the week of 27 January 2025 up to and including 31 January 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €16.06 or a total amount of €73 067 237.68. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 68 503 160 ordinary shares at an average price of €15.14 for a total consideration of €1 037 268 588.74. To date approximately 51.86% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor more on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via X @ING_news feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.09,0.72,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.0 billion share buyback programme', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'maximum total value', 'Frequent news updates', 'Important legal information', 'related market disruption', 'wholesale banking services', 'ING Group shares', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial services', 'financial information', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'average price', 'total amount', 'detailed information', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', '68,503,160 ordinary shares', 'total number', 'tax laws', '4,550,623 shares', 'Progress', '31 October', '27 January', '31 January', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'benchmark', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48656,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3019985/0/en/Publicis-Groupe-Full-Year-2024-Results.html,Publicis Groupe : Full Year 2024 Results,Full Year 2024 Results      Very strong Q4 at +6.3%      Ending 2024 as the world’s largest advertising group        February 4  2025      Ending 2024...,Full Year 2024 ResultsVery strong Q4 at +6.3%Ending 2024 as the world’s largest advertising groupFebruary 4  2025Ending 2024 as world’s largest advertising group: +6.3% organic growth in Q4  leading to +5.8% for the full year Strong FY performance across all regions: U.S. at +4.9%  Europe +5.4%  Asia Pacific at +6.3%Maintained industry-leading financial KPIs: 18% operating margin rate  headline EPS up +4.9% at €7.30  free cash flow at €1.84 billion 12024 proposed dividend at €3.60 per share  up 5.9%  fully paid in cashConfident in continued outperformance in 2025: Organic growth guidance of +4% to +5% Operating margin rate slightly above 18% Free cash flow of €1.9 to €2.0 billionFY 2024 results(€m) FY 2024 2024 vs 2023 Revenue 16 030 +8.3% Net revenue 13 965 +6.6% Organic growth +5.8%Operating margin 2 519 +6.6% Operating margin rate 18.0% - Headline diluted EPS (euro) 7.30 +4.9% Free cash flow €1.84bn1Q4 2024 revenueNet revenue 3 854 Reported growth +8.9% Organic growth +6.3%Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“Thanks to a very strong Q4  Publicis became the largest advertising company in the world in 2024.We are ending the year in the number one position across the board  growing three times faster than our holding company peers  and five times faster than the IT consultancies. We delivered industry-high financial ratios while stepping up the pace of our investments in AI and talent. Once again  we topped the charts in new business rankings.But even more importantly  we are accelerating on our status as a Category of One thanks to our unmatched 1st-party data capabilities  our connected media ecosystem  our creative firepower  and our 25 000 engineers  brought together through the Power of One. This makes us confident in significantly outperforming the industry in 2025 for the 6th year in a row.”* **Publicis Groupe’s Board of Directors met on February 3  2025  under the chairmanship of Arthur Sadoun to approve the annual accounts for 2024.KEY FIGURESEUR million  except per-share data and percentages FY 2024 FY 2023 2024vs 2023 Data from the Income Statement and Cash flow StatementNet revenue 13 965 13 099 +6.6% Pass-through revenue 2 065 1 703 +21.3% Revenue 16 030 14 802 +8.3% EBITDA 3 014 2 845 +5.9% % of Net revenue +21.6% +21.7% -10 bps Operating margin 2 519 2 363 +6.6% % of Net revenue 18.0% 18.0% 0 bps Operating income 2 214 1 740 +27.2% Net income attributable to the Groupe 1 660 1 312 +26.5% Earnings Per Share (EPS) 6.62 5.23 +26.6% Headline diluted EPS2 7.30 6.96 +4.9% Dividend per share3 3.60 3.40 +5.9% Free cash flow before WC requirements 1 838 1 547Data from the Balance Sheet Dec. 31  2024 Dec. 31  2023Total assets 39 854 36 716Groupe share of Shareholders’ equity 11 060 9 788Net debt (net cash) (775) (909)NET REVENUE IN FY 2024Publicis Groupe’s net revenue for the full year 2024 was 13 965 million euros  up +6.6% compared to 13 099 million euros in 2023. Exchange rate variations over the period had a negative impact of 39 million euros and acquisitions (net of disposals) had a positive impact of 152 million euros. Organic growth reached +5.8%.Breakdown of FY 2024 net revenue by sectorClient sectors % Net revenue Healthcare 14% Automotive 13% Financial 12% Food & beverage 12% TMT 11% Non-food consumer products 10% Retail 9% Leisure & travel 4% Public sector & others 3% Energy & manufacturing 3% Others* 9%* Miscellaneous and other activities (outdoor media  The Drugstore etc.)Breakdown of FY 2024 net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million FY 2024 FY 2023 growth growth North America 8 583 8 050 +6.6% +5.1% Europe 3 384 3 172 +6.7% +5.4% Asia Pacific 1 218 1 156 +5.4% +6.3% Middle East & Africa 406 380 +6.8% +7.4% Latin America 374 341 +9.7% +22.9% Total 13 965 13 099 +6.6% +5.8%In North America  net revenue was up +5.1% organically in 2024. The region grew +6.6% on a reported basis  which includes a slight negative impact of the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate and the contribution of acquisitions completed over the year. The U.S.  the Groupe’s largest geography and where its model is the most advanced  posted a solid +4.9% organically  fueled by both strong Connected Media and Intelligent Creativity.Net revenue in Europe grew +5.4% on an organic basis and +6.7% on a reported basis  on top of three years at double-digit organic growth. It includes +1.1% organic growth in the U.K.  +4.2% in France  +3.8% in Germany and +18.8% in Central & Eastern Europe.Asia Pacific saw its net revenue grow by +6.3% organically and +5.4% on a reported basis. China posted +6.4% organic growth despite difficult macroeconomic conditions throughout the year.The Middle East & Africa region was up +7.4% organically and +6.8% on a reported basis.In Latin America  organic growth was at +22.9% and reported growth at +9.7%.NET REVENUE IN Q4 2024Publicis Groupe's net revenue in Q4 2024 was 3 854 million euros compared to 3 540 million euros in Q4 2023  up +8.9%. Exchange rate variation had a positive impact of 13 million euros. Acquisitions (net of disposals) accounted for an increase in net revenue of 76 million euros respectively. Organic growth reached +6.3%.Breakdown of Q4 2024 net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q4 2024 Q4 2023 growth growth North America 2 366 2 158 +9.6% +5.6% Europe 923 851 +8.5% +6.5% Asia Pacific 339 318 +6.6% +5.0% Middle East & Africa 111 106 +4.7% +3.4% Latin America 115 107 +7.5% +30.3% Total 3 854 3 540 +8.9% +6.3%North America net revenue was up +5.6% organically on the quarter. Reported growth was at +9.6% taking into account a positive impact of the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate and the contribution of acquisitions completed over the last 12 months. The U.S. posted +5.2% organic growth driven by mid-single-digit growth of both Connected Media and Intelligent Creativity. Publicis Sapient showed sequential improvement returning to positive territory on the quarter.Europe net revenue was up +6.5% on an organic basis and +8.5% on a reported basis. The U.K. posted a strong +7.2% organic growth with double-digit growth of Connected Media and high-single-digit growth of Intelligent Creativity  while Publicis Sapient remained affected by delays in digital business transformation projects. France posted slight organic decline facing a high comparable base in Q4 2023. Germany was broadly stable and Central & Eastern Europe continued to grow strongly  posting +17.9% on the quarter on top of +20.3% in Q4 2023  mainly fueled by Poland.Net revenue in Asia Pacific grew +5.0% organically and +6.6% on a reported basis. South-East Asia was up by a high-single digit  after double-digit growth in Q4 2023  mainly driven by India  the Philippines and Malaysia. Australia and New Zealand posted mid-single-digit growth together on the quarter.Net revenue in the Middle East & Africa region was up +3.4% organically and +4.7% on a reported basis  driven primarily by double-digit growth of Intelligent Creativity.In Latin America  net revenue was up +30.3% organically led by Brazil  Mexico and Colombia  as well as Argentina  partly due to inflation. Reported growth was +7.5% due to the depreciation of the Argentinian peso relative to the euro.ANALYSIS OF FY 2024 KEY FIGURESIncome StatementEBITDA amounted to 3 014 million euros in 2024  compared to 2 845 million euros in 2023  up 5.9%. EBITDA was 21.6% as a percentage of net revenue.Personnel costs totaled 9 224 million euros in 2024  up by 8.3% from 8 514 million euros in 2023. As a percentage of net revenue  the personnel expenses represented 66.1% in 2024  compared to 65.0% in 2023. Fixed personnel costs were 8 182 million euros representing 58.6% of net revenue  versus 57.5% in 2023. This increase is because of efforts to reinforce our talent pool to accelerate growth  as well as investments in AI. The cost of freelancers increased by 38 million euros in 2024  representing 370 million euros. Restructuring costs reached 136 million euros representing 1% of net revenue.Non-personnel costs amounted to 2 222 million euros in 2024  stable compared to 2023. This represented 15.9% of net revenue  versus 17.0% in 2023. They comprised:Other operating expenses (excluding pass-through costs  depreciation & amortization) amounted to 1 727 million euros  compared to 1 740 million euros in 2023. This represented 12.4% of net revenue in 2024  compared to 13.3% in 2023.Depreciation and amortization expense was 495 million euros in 2024  versus 482 million euros in 2023  an increase of 13 million euros.The operating margin amounted to 2 519 million euros  up +6.6% compared to 2023. This represents a margin rate of 18.0%  which is at the same record level as 2023.Operating margin rates by region were 19.1% in North America  17.4% in Europe  19.9% in Asia-Pacific  7.8% in Latin America and 4.9% in the Middle East and Africa region.Amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions totaled 234 million euros in 2024  down 34 million euros from 268 million euros in 2023  mainly due to the end of amortization of certain Epsilon technologies.Impairment losses amounted to euro 86 million and included 2 components: primarily  the impact of real estate optimization for 71 million euros  as well as impairment losses on intangible assets for 15 million euros. In 2023  the amount of total impairment losses was 153 million euros  of which 147 million euros related to the real estate optimization and 6 million euros related to the impairment losses on intangible assets.In addition  net non-current income was 15 million euros in 2024  which mostly reflects the income of 14 million euros generated by the transfer of exclusive rights to the Groupe's 49%-owned associate Unlimitail  to use CitrusAd and Epsilon technologies. In 2023  non-current income amounted to a negative 202 million euros  largely reflecting a 203 million euros net charge related to the Rosetta settlement.Operating income totaled 2 214 million euros in 2024  after 1 740 million euros in 2023.The financial result excluding earn-out reevaluation  comprising the cost of net financial debt and other financial charges and income  was a charge of 29 million euros  compared to a charge of 21 million euros in 2023.The cost of net financial debt was an income of 52 million euros in 2024  compared to an income of 78 million euros in 2023. It included 96 million euros of interest largely related to Epsilon’s acquisition debt (99 million euros in 2023)  partly mitigated by financial income of 147 million euros  decreasing from 178 million euros in 2023.was an income of 52 million euros in 2024  compared to an income of 78 million euros in 2023. It included 96 million euros of interest largely related to Epsilon’s acquisition debt (99 million euros in 2023)  partly mitigated by financial income of 147 million euros  decreasing from 178 million euros in 2023. Other financial income and expenses were a charge of 81 million euros in 2024  notably composed of 84 million euros interest on lease liabilities and a 10 million income from the fair value remeasurement of financial assets. In 2023  other financial income and expenses were a charge of 99 million euros  notably composed by 79 million euros interest on lease liabilities and 1 million euros charge from the fair value remeasurement of Mutual Funds.The revaluation of earn-out payments amounted to an income of 35 million euros  compared to an income of 12 million euros in 2023.The income tax charge was 549 million euros in 2024  corresponding to an effective tax rate of 24.9%. This compared to 415 million euros in 2023  corresponding to an effective tax rate of 24.1%.The share in profit of associates was a charge of 2 million euros  versus an income of 6 million euros in 2023.The net income attributable to non-controlling interests was a 9 million euros income in 2024  after 10 million euros income in 2023.Overall  net income attributable to the Groupe was 1 660 million euros in 2024  an increase of 26.5% compared to 1 312 million euros in 2023.The Groupe’s earnings per share was 6.62 euros in 2024  an increase of 26.6% compared to 5.23 euros in 2023.Free cash flowEUR million FY 2024 FY 2023 EBITDA 3 014 2 845 Financial interest paid (net) 69 93 Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests (453) (423) Tax paid (655) (669) Other 98 (121) Cash flow from operations before change in WCR 2 073 1 725 Investments in fixed assets (net) (235) (178) Reported free cash flow before changes in WCR 1 838 1 547The Groupe’s free cash flow  before change in working capital requirements  was 1 838 million euros. In 2023  it included a negative net impact of 148 million euros for the Rosetta settlement.Financial interests were an income of 69 million euros in 2024  compared to an income of 93 million euros in 2023  due to lower remuneration of the cash balances.Repayment of lease liabilities and related interests amounted to 453 million euros in 2024  up 30 million euros after 423 million euros in 2023  related to the Groupe’s Return to the Office policy.Net investments in fixed assets amounted to 235 million euros  increasing by 57 million euros compared to 178 million euros in 2023  reflecting the increased investments in the Groupe’s platforms and cloud infrastructure  company-wide ERP deployment  as well as expenses related to new leases.Tax paid amounted to 655 million euros in 2024  down 14 million euros compared to 669 million euros in 2023. In January 2023  the Groupe made an additional tax payment of 110 million euros related to the 2022 fiscal year  reflecting the implementation of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) in the United States partly mitigated by the deduction of the amounts paid in relation to the Rosetta settlement. This was largely offset by an increase in tax paid in 2024  due to higher taxable earnings  as well as adjustments to the tax charge paid in 2023 and to withholding taxes.Net debtThe Groupe reported a net cash position of 775 million euros as of December 31  2024  compared to a 909 million euros net cash position as of December 31  2023. The Groupe's average net debt in 2024 amounted to 585 million euros  up from 432 million euros in 2023.ACQUISITIONSOn January 18  2024  Publicis Groupe Singapore announced the acquisition of AKA Asia  one of Singapore's leading integrated communications agencies. Founded in 2009  AKA expands and diversifies Publicis Groupe's capabilities in the region  while bolstering the Groupe's strategic communications  PR and influence offering. AKA has joined the Groupe's regional Influence practice.On March 12  2024  Publicis Sapient announced the acquisition of Spinnaker SCA  a leading supply chain services firm that provides end-to-end supply chain strategy  planning and execution consulting services. Founded in 2002 and based in Boulder in the U.S.  Spinnaker SCA has become part of Publicis Sapient and brings core capabilities and skill sets including advanced AI and ML analytics  supply chain digital twins  warehouse and transportation management and expanded digital services. Spinnaker SCA further enables Publicis Sapient to offer solutions for clients to optimize their agile supply chains as part of their digital business transformation.On June 5  2024  Publicis Groupe in France announced the acquisition of Downtown Paris  a creation and production house specialized in leading brands in the beauty and luxury business. Founded in 2016  the agency has strengthened the production vertical of Publicis France and is working with the Groupe's various luxury entities.On July 25  2024  Publicis Groupe announced the acquisition of Influential  the world’s preeminent influencer marketing company and platform  creating the world’s leading influencer marketing solution. Influential’s proprietary AI-powered technology platform with over 100 billion data points  coupled with its network of over 3.5 million creators  including access to and data on 90% of global influencers with more than 1 million followers  currently serves more than 300 brands around the world. By combining these capabilities with the unique data and identity assets of Epsilon  Publicis Groupe is putting the leadership of ID-driven influencer marketing in the hands of all of its clients through a premium creator network  revolutionized influencer planning and maximized cross-channel outcomes.On September 19  2024  Publicis Groupe announced the acquisition of Mars United Commerce  the largest independent commerce marketing company in the world. With over 1 000 employees based in 14 hubs worldwide  Mars leverages its proprietary suite of commerce solutions to drive growth for more than 100 of the world’s top brands. The combined forces of Publicis Groupe and Mars has created the industry-leading connected commerce solution  allowing clients to influence the complete commerce journey for billions of global shoppers through an offering that begins with the industry’s deepest and richest database of consumer behavior and ends at the digital and physical shelves of the world’s leading online and offline retailers.On December 13  2024  Epsilon France announced the acquisition of Wibilong  a SaaS platform for building customer communities. Wibilong has been integrated into Epsilon France to strengthen its data-driven marketing offer and bring new solutions for measurable interactions between brands and their customers.OUTLOOKDespite ongoing macroeconomic challenges  the Groupe is confident in its ability to continue outperforming the industry on organic growth and financial ratios next year.For the full year 2025  the Groupe aims to deliver +4% to +5% organic growth. The +4% is very solid and would be achieved in current market conditions. At the top end  the Groupe could deliver +5% if the macroeconomic context improves  which would result in less cuts in classic advertising and a resumption of capex client spend on digital business transformation projects.In Q1 2025  the Groupe expects to deliver organic growth within the full year range.The Groupe expects its industry-high financial ratios to reach new record highs in 2025  including:Operating margin rate at slightly above 18% as the Groupe maintains its pace of investment in its AI plan and continues to upgrade its talent bench.as the Groupe maintains its pace of investment in its AI plan and continues to upgrade its talent bench. Free cash flow of between 1.9 to 2 billion euros4.DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com)  including an unfavorable economic climate  a highly competitive industry  risks associated with the confidentiality of personal data  the Groupe’s business dependence on its management and employees  risks associated with mergers and acquisitions  risks of IT system failures and cybercrime  the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us on short notice  risks associated with the reorganization of the Groupe  risks of litigation  governmental  legal and arbitration proceedings  risks associated with the Groupe’s financial rating and exposure to liquidity risks.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | X: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!Contacts Publicis GroupeAmy Hadfield Director of Global Communications + 33 1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.com Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 88 jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com Carla Foucaud Investor Relations + 44 20 7830 3710 carla.foucaud@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FYImpact of currencyat end December 2024(million euro) 2023 net revenue 3 079 3 239 3 241 3 540 13 099GBP (2) 33 Currency impact (2) (29) 13 (36) 13 (39)USD (2) (3) 2023 net revenue at 2024 exchange rates (a) 3 050 3 252 3 205 3 553 13 060Others (69) 2024 net revenue before acquisition impact (1) (b) 3 212 3 433 3 390 3 778 13 813Total (39) Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 18 25 33 76 1522024 net revenue 3 230 3 458 3 423 3 854 13 965Organic growth (b/a) +5.3% +5.6% +5.8% +6.3% +5.8%(1) Acquisitions (Spinnaker SCA  Practia  Mars United Commerce  Corra  Influential  AKA Asia  ARBH  Downtown Paris  3dids  Dysrupt)  net of disposals.(2) EUR = USD 1.082 on average in 2024  stable vs. 2023EUR = GBP 0.847 on average in 2024 vs. GBP 0.870 on average in 2023DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.EBITDA (Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization): Operating margin before depreciation and amortization.Operating margin: Revenue after personnel costs  other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense)  depreciation and amortization (excl. intangibles from acquisitions).Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of net revenue.Headline group net income: Net income attributable to the Groupe  adjusted for impairment losses  amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  main capital gains (or losses) on asset disposals  changes in the fair value of financial assets and earn-out re-evaluation.EPS (Earnings per share): Group net income divided by average number of shares  not diluted.EPS  diluted (Earnings per share  diluted): Group net income divided by average number of shares  diluted.Headline EPS  diluted (Headline earnings per share  diluted): Headline group net income  divided by average number of shares  diluted.Capex: Net acquisitions of property  plant  and equipments  and intangible assets  excluding financial investments and other financial assets.Free cash flow: Net cash flow from operating activities  adjusted for interest paid and received  and repayment of lease liabilities.Free cash flow before changes in working capital requirements: Free cash flow before changes in working capital requirements linked to operating activities.Net debt (or financial net debt): total of long-term and short-term financial debt and related derivatives  excluding lease liabilities  net of cash and cash equivalents.Average net debt: Last 12-month average of monthly net debt at end of each month.Dividend pay-out: Dividend per share / headline EPS  diluted.Consolidated income statement(in millions of euros)2024 2023 Net revenue (1)13 965 13 099 Pass‑through revenue2 065 1 703 Revenue16 030 14 802 Personnel costs and freelancers costs(9 224) (8 514) Other operating costs(3 792) (3 443) Operating margin before depreciation & amortization3 014 2 845 Depreciation and amortization expense (excluding intangibles from acquisitions)(495) (482) Operating margin2 519 2 363 Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions(234) (268) Impairment loss(86) (153) Non‑current income and expenses15 (202) Operating income2 214 1 740 Financial debt expenses(122) (120) Financial debt income174 198 Revaluation of earn‑out payments35 12 Other financial income and expenses(81) (99) Financial result6 (9) Share of profit of equity-accounted investees  net of tax(2) 6 Pre-tax income2 218 1 737 Income taxes(549) (415) Net income1 669 1 322 Total net income attributable to:Non‑controlling interests9 10 Owners of the Company1 660 1 312Per‑share data (in euros) – Net income attributable to owners of the CompanyNumber of shares250 677 462 250 706 485 Earnings per share6.62 5.23 Number of diluted shares253 565 798 253 999 363 Diluted earnings per share6.55 5.17 (1) Net revenue: Revenue less pass-through costs. Those costs are mainly production & media costs and out-of-pocket expenses. As these are items that can be passed on to clients and are not included in the scope of analysis of transactions  the net revenue indicator is the most appropriate for measuring the Group’s operational performance.Consolidated statement of comprehensive income(in millions of euros) 2024 2023 Net income for the period (a) 1 669 1 322 Comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to income statementActuarial gains (and losses) on defined benefit plans 2 12 Related tax (1) (3) Comprehensive income that may be reclassified to income statementRemeasurement of hedging instruments 63 46 Consolidation translation adjustments 519 (390) Related tax (17) (12) Total other comprehensive income (b) 566 (347) Total comprehensive income for the period (a) + (b) 2 235 975 Total comprehensive income attributable to:Non‑controlling interests 11 4 Owners of the Company 2 224 971Consolidated balance sheet(in millions of euros)December 31  2024 December 31  2023 AssetsGoodwill13 843 12 422 Intangible assets1 069 958 Right‑of‑use assets related to leases1 735 1 614 Property  plant and equipment608 596 Deferred tax assets237 212 Equity-accounted investees79 46 Other non-current financial assets287 316 Non‑current assets17 858 16 164 Inventories and work‑in‑progress361 341 Trade receivables15 595 13 400 Contract assets1 445 1 297 Current tax assets176 144 Other current financial assets176 423 Other receivables and current assets599 697 Cash and cash equivalents3 644 4 250 Current assets21 996 20 552 Total assets39 854 36 716Equity and liabilitiesShare capital102 102 Additional paid‑in capital and retained earnings  Group share10 958 9 686 Equity attributable to holders of the Company11 060 9 788 Non-controlling interests(24) (40) Total equity11 036 9 748 Long‑term borrowings1 843 2 462 Long‑term lease liabilities2 099 1 992 Deferred tax liabilities172 98 Pension commitments and other long‑term benefits271 265 Long‑term provisions317 319 Non‑current liabilities4 702 5 136 Short‑term borrowings872 726 Short‑term lease liabilities361 360 Trade payables19 375 17 077 Contract liabilities604 513 Current tax liabilities335 378 Pension commitments and other short‑term benefits21 21 Short‑term provisions249 255 Other current financial liabilities310 573 Other creditors and current liabilities1 989 1 929 Current liabilities24 116 21 832 Total equity and liabilities39 854 36 716Consolidated statement of cash flows(in millions of euros)2024 2023 Cash flow from operating activitiesNet income1 669 1 322 Neutralization of non‑cash income and expenses:Income taxes549 415 Financial result(6) 9 Capital losses (gains) on disposal of assets (before tax)(13) (1) Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses815 903 Share‑based payments91 85 Other non‑cash income and expenses6 (8) Share of profit of equity-accounted investees  net of tax2 (6) Dividends received from equity-accounted investees4 7 Taxes paid(655) (669) Change in working capital requirements (1)(161) (9) Net cash flows generated by (used in) operating activities (I)2 301 2 048 Cash flow from investing activitiesPurchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets(238) (180) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets3 2 Purchases of investments and other financial assets  nets34 13 Acquisitions of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired(915) (194) Disposals of subsidiaries– 11 Net cash flows generated by (used in) investing activities (II)(1 116) (348) Cash flow from financing activitiesDividends paid to holders of the parent company(853) (726) Dividends paid to non‑controlling interests(12) (9) Proceeds from borrowings1 5 Repayment of borrowings(603) (502) Repayment of lease liabilities(369) (344) Interest paid on lease liabilities(84) (79) Interest paid(105) (99) Interest received174 192 Buy‑outs of non‑controlling interests(8) (4) Net (buybacks)/sales of treasury shares(148) (189) Net cash flows generated by (used in) financing activities (III)(2 007) (1 755) Impact of exchange rate fluctuations (IV)215 (311) Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (I + II + III + IV)(607) (366) Cash and cash equivalents on January 14 250 4 616 Bank overdrafts on January 1(1) (1) Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year (V)4 249 4 615 Cash and cash equivalents at closing date3 644 4 250 Bank overdrafts at closing date(2) (1) Net cash and cash equivalents at end of the year (VI)3 642 4 249 Change in consolidated cash and cash equivalents (VI - V)(607) (366) (1) Breakdown of changes in working capital requirementsChange in inventory and work‑in‑progress(34) (22) Change in trade receivables and contract assets(1 449) (1 941) Change in other receivables414 (362) Change in trade payables1 327 1 977 Change in other payables and provisions(419) 339 Change in working capital requirements(161) (9)Consolidated statement of changes in equityNumber ofoutstandingshares (in millions of euros) Sharecapital Additionalpaid‑incapital Translationreserve Hedgingreserve Reservesandretained earnings Equityattributableto owners of the Company Non-controllinginterests Totalequity 251 992 065 December 31  2022 102 4 037 85 87 5 324 9 635 (35) 9 600Net income – – – – 1 312 1 312 10 1 322Other comprehensiveincome  net of tax – – (384) (71) 114 (341) (6) (347)Total comprehensiveincome for the year – – (384) (71) 1 426 971 4 975 – Dividends – (701) – – (25) (726) (9) (735) – Share‑based payments  net of tax – – – – 102 102 – 102Effect of acquisitions andcommitments to buy‑out non‑controlling interests – – – – (5) (5) – (5) – Equity warrants exercise – – – – – – – – (1 417 572) (Buybacks)/Sales oftreasury shares – – – – (189) (189) – (189) 250 574 493 December 31  2023 102 3 336 (299) 16 6 633 9 788 (40) 9 748Net income – – – – 1 660 1 660 9 1 669Other comprehensiveincome  net of tax – – 517 46 1 564 2 566Total comprehensiveincome for the year – – 517 46 1 661 2 224 11 2 235 – Dividends – (53) – – (800) (853) (12) (865) – Share‑based payments  net of tax – – – – 111 111 – 111Effect of acquisitions andcommitments to buy‑out non‑controlling interests – – – – (62) (62) 17 (45) – Equity warrants exercise – – – – – – – – 165 254 (Buybacks)/Sales oftreasury shares – – – – (148) (148) – (148) 250 739 747 December 31  2024 102 3 283 218 62 7 395 11 060 (24) 11 036Earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data)2024 2023 Net income used for the calculation of earnings per shareNet income attributable to holders of the Company A 1 660 1 312 Impact of dilutive instruments:Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax- - Net income attributable to holders of the Company – diluted B 1 660 1 312 Number of shares used to calculate earnings per shareNumber of shares at January 1254 311 860 254 311 860 Shares created over the year- - Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the year)(3 634 398) (3 605 375) Average number of shares used for the calculation C C 250 677 462 250 706 485 Impact of dilutive instruments:(1) Free shares and dilutive stock options (1)2 888 336 3 292 878 Number of diluted shares(in euros) D 253 565 798 253 999 363 Earnings per share A/C 6.62 5.23 Diluted earnings per share B/D 6.55 5.17 (1) Only stock options and warrants with a dilutive impact  i.e. whose strike price is lower than the average strike price  are included in the calculation.As of December 31  2024  no stock options remained to be exercised.Headline earnings per share (basic and diluted)(in millions of euros  except for share data)2024 2023 Net income used to calculate headline earnings per share (1)Net income attributable to holders of the Company1 660 1 312 Items excluded:Amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  net of tax174 199 Impairment loss (2)  net of tax66 115 Main capital gains and losses on disposal of assets and fair value adjustment of financial assets  net of tax(14) 1 Revaluation of earn‑out payments(35) (12) Rosetta / Publicis Health  LLC settlement (see Note 8 and Note 22)- 152 Headline net income attributable to holders of the Company E 1 851 1 767 Impact of dilutive instruments:Savings in financial expenses related to the conversion of debt instruments  net of tax- - Headline net income attributable to holders of the Company - diluted F 1 851 1 767 Number of shares used to calculate earnings per shareNumber of shares at January 1254 311 860 254 311 860 Shares created over the year- - Treasury shares to be deducted (average for the year)(3 634 398) (3 605 375) Average number of shares used for the calculation C 250 677 462 250 706 485 Impact of dilutive instruments:Free shares and dilutive stock options2 888 336 3 292 878 Number of diluted shares(in euros) D 253 565 798 253 999 363 Headline earnings per share (1) E/C 7.38 7.05 Headline earnings per share – diluted (1) F/D 7.30 6.96 (1) Headline EPS after elimination of impairment losses  amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  the main capital gains and losses on disposal and fair value adjustment of financial assets  the revaluation of earn-out payments and the Rosetta / Publicis Health  LLC settlement in 2023.(2) This amount includes impairment losses on goodwill for euro 12 million and on right-of-use assets related to leases for euro 54 million in 2024. In 2023  impairment losses on goodwill were euro 6 million and euro 109 million on right-of-use assets related to leases.1 Free cash flow before change in working capital requirement.2 Net income attributable to the Groupe  adjusted for impairment losses  amortization of intangibles from acquisitions  main capital gains (or losses) on asset disposals  changes in the fair value of financial assets and earn-out re-evaluation  divided by the average number of shares on a diluted basis.3 To be proposed to the shareholders at the AGM of May 27  2025.4 Before change in working capital requirements.Please find the press release hereAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.2,0.19,True,English,"['Full Year 2024 Results', 'Publicis Groupe', 'unmatched 1st-party data capabilities', 'holding company peers', 'new business rankings', 'Exchange rate variations', 'Non-food consumer products', 'difficult macroeconomic conditions', 'largest advertising group', 'largest advertising company', 'connected media ecosystem', 'free cash flow', 'industry-leading financial KPIs', 'industry-high financial ratios', 'strong Connected Media', 'U.S. dollar', '18% operating margin rate', 'Cash flow Statement', 'euro exchange rate', 'slight negative impact', 'The U.S.', 'number one position', 'Strong FY performance', 'The Middle East', 'Organic growth guidance', 'double-digit organic growth', 'EUR Net revenue', 'Net revenue Healthcare', 'Full Year 2024 Results', 'FY 2023 growth growth', 'FY 2024 net revenue', 'net cash', 'largest geography', 'outdoor media', 'The Drugstore', 'FY 2024 results', 'Income Statement', 'Operating income', 'U.K.', '+6.3% organic growth', '+1.1% organic growth', '+6.4% organic growth', 'positive impact', 'Net income', 'Net debt', 'strong Q4', 'Asia Pacific', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'IT consultancies', 'creative firepower', 'annual accounts', 'KEY FIGURES', 'percentages FY', 'WC requirements', 'Balance Sheet', 'Shareholders’ equity', '13,965 million euros', '13,099 million euros', '39 million euros', '152 million euros', 'Client sectors', 'other activities', 'North America', 'Latin America', 'Intelligent Creativity', 'three years', '854 million euros', '3,540 million euros', '6th year', 'Publicis Groupe', 'share data', 'Total assets', 'Public sector', 'Q4 2024 revenue', 'organic basis', 'Eastern Europe', 'Groupe share', 'Africa region', '2023 Revenue', '2023 Data', 'world', 'February', 'regions', 'EPS', 'dividend', 'outperformance', 'Headline', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'board', 'pace', 'investments', 'talent', 'charts', 'status', 'Category', '25,000 engineers', 'Directors', 'Pass', 'EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'share3', 'period', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Breakdown', 'Automotive', 'beverage', 'TMT', 'Retail', 'Leisure', 'travel', 'others', 'Energy', 'manufacturing', 'Miscellaneous', 'contribution', 'model', 'solid +4.', 'top', 'France', 'Germany', 'Central', 'China']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48657,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3019975/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-Strong-Q4-results-driven-by-new-business-acceleration-and-expanded-3DEXPERIENCE-footprint.html,Dassault Systèmes: Strong Q4 results driven by new business acceleration and expanded 3DEXPERIENCE footprint,Press Release  VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 4  2025  Dassault Systèmes: Strong Q4 results driven by new business acceleration and expanded......,"Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 4  2025Dassault Systèmes: Strong Q4 results driven by new business acceleration and expanded 3DEXPERIENCE footprintDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today reports its IFRS unaudited estimated financial results for the fourth quarter 2024 and full year ended December 31  2024. The Group’s Board of Directors approved these estimated results on February 3  2025. This press release also includes financial information on a non-IFRS basis and reconciliations with IFRS figures in the Appendix.Summary Highlights1(unaudited  non-IFRS unless otherwise noted all growth rates in constant currencies)4Q24: Software revenue accelerated to 9% growth;4Q24: Top line acceleration driven by new business growth of 13% and 3D EXPERIENCE software revenue up 22%;EXPERIENCE software revenue up 22%; 4Q24: Operating margin stood at 36.3%  an increase of 70 basis points  with diluted EPS of €0.40  up 11%;FY24: Total revenue grew to €6.21 billion with software revenue up 6%  operating margin of 31.9% and diluted EPS of €1.28  up 9%;Initiating guidance for FY25: total revenue growth expected between 6% and 8%  operating margin between 32.6% and 32.9%  up 70-100 basis points  and diluted EPS of €1.36-€1.39;Revealing 3D UNIV+RSES and their AI-based services.Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Executive Officer CommentaryPascal Daloz  Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Executive Officer  commented:“2024 has been a year of competitive success  driven by the expansion of 3DEXPERIENCE across industries  domains and geographies  and redefining our strategic partnerships with industry leaders such as Volkswagen  Lockheed Martin  Mahindra & Mahindra  Airbus  and Bristol-Myers Squibb.Key to this success is the relevance of 3DEXPERIENCE combining deep industry knowledge and know-how to help customers enhance their value propositions and empower their teams. This will nurture our future growth and build the foundation for broad cloud adoption.Building on this strong foundation  we are excited to announce a new era for Dassault Systèmes. We are fully committed to creating UNIV+RSES  a combination of multiple virtual twins  integrating artificial intelligence to connect virtual and real  across all industry solutions. This will unlock new opportunities for our clients and position us as the trusted Global IP Generation and Management Company.""Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Financial Officer Commentary(revenue  operating margin and diluted EPS (‘EPS’) growth rates in constant currencies data on a non-IFRS basis)Rouven Bergmann  Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Financial Officer  commented:“We delivered a strong Q4 in the context of a challenging year  with total revenue up 7%  driven by new business growth of 13% in the quarter. From a product line perspective  this performance was led by Industrial Innovation  up 8%  as a result of the wider adoption of 3DEXPERIENCE  with a focus on manufacturing. At the same time  we saw continued excellent performance in Mainstream Innovation while in Life Sciences  MEDIDATA returned to growth.Turning to the bottom line  profitability improved in the quarter with an operating margin of 36.3%  up 70 basis points driven by productivity gains  and EPS increased by a strong 11%.For 2024  software revenue growth was 6% and EPS grew by 9%. Operating cash flow came in at €1.66 billion resulting in a net cash position of €1.46 billion  highlighting our capacity for future investments.Looking ahead  we are confident in our growth outlook and competitive positioning.As such  for 2025 we anticipate total revenue growth between 6% and 8%  operating margin expansion of 70-100 basis points and EPS up 7% to 10%.Lastly  we are delighted to hold our Capital Markets Day this coming June  at our headquarters in Paris where it will be the opportunity to discuss our vision for the next horizon.”Financial SummaryIn millions of Euros except per share data and percentagesIFRS IFRS Q4 2024 Q4 2023 Change Change in constant currencies YTD 2024 YTD 2023 Change Change in constant currencies Total Revenue 1 754.2 1 643.4 7% 7% 6 213.6 5 951.4 4% 5% Software Revenue 1 601.5 1 476.1 8% 9% 5 613.3 5 360.0 5% 6% Operating Margin 27.6% 23.2% +4.3pts 21.9% 20.9% +1.0pt Diluted EPS 0.30 0.25 20% 0.90 0.79 14%In millions of Euros except per share data and percentagesNon-IFRS Non-IFRS Q4 2024 Q4 2023 Change Change in constant currencies YTD 2024 YTD 2023 Change Change in constant currencies Total Revenue 1 754.2 1 643.4 7% 7% 6 213.6 5 951.4 4% 5% Software Revenue 1 601.5 1 476.1 8% 9% 5 613.3 5 360.0 5% 6% Operating Margin 36.3% 35.9% +0.4pt 31.9% 32.4% (0.4)pt Diluted EPS 0.40 0.36 9% 11% 1.28 1.20 7% 9%Fourth Quarter 2024 Versus 2023 Financial Comparisons(unaudited  IFRS and non-IFRS unless otherwise noted all revenue growth rates in constant currencies)Total Revenue: Total revenue in the fourth quarter grew by 7% to €1.75 billion  and software revenue increased by 9% to €1.60 billion. Subscription & support revenue rose 7%; recurring revenue represented 75% of software revenue. Licenses and other software revenue increased by 15% to €405 million. Services revenue was down 9% to €153 million  during the quarter.Total revenue in the fourth quarter grew by 7% to €1.75 billion  and software revenue increased by 9% to €1.60 billion. Subscription & support revenue rose 7%; recurring revenue represented 75% of software revenue. Licenses and other software revenue increased by 15% to €405 million. Services revenue was down 9% to €153 million  during the quarter. Software Revenue by Geography: Revenue in the Americas increased by 5% to represent 37% of software revenue  led by Aerospace & Defense. Europe (43% of software revenue) grew by 14%  thanks to large deals closed in Aerospace & Defense and Home & Lifestyle. In Asia  revenue increased by 7%  led by Japan and India  while China remained volatile. Asia represented 20% of software revenue at the end of the fourth quarter.Revenue in the Americas increased by 5% to represent 37% of software revenue  led by Aerospace & Defense. Europe (43% of software revenue) grew by 14%  thanks to large deals closed in Aerospace & Defense and Home & Lifestyle. In Asia  revenue increased by 7%  led by Japan and India  while China remained volatile. Asia represented 20% of software revenue at the end of the fourth quarter. Software Revenue by Product Line:Industrial Innovation software revenue increased by 8% to €902 million  driven by strong momentum with 3D EXPERIENCE wins and many strategic competitive displacements  led by DELMIA in manufacturing. Industrial Innovation software represented 56% of software revenue.Life Sciences software revenue was flat  at €298 million  accounting for 19% of software revenue. MEDIDATA returned to growth  up 1% in the quarter  highlighting progressive improvement.Mainstream Innovation software revenue increased by 17% to €402 million  with SOLIDWORKS achieving its best quarter since 2022 and CENTRIC PLM maintaining strong momentum. Mainstream Innovation represented 25% of software revenue  during the period.Software Revenue by Industry: Aerospace & Defense  Home & Lifestyle and Industrial Equipment were among the best performers during the quarter.Aerospace & Defense  Home & Lifestyle and Industrial Equipment were among the best performers during the quarter. Key Strategic Drivers: 3D EXPERIENCE software revenue increased by 22% thanks to major deals signings in Aerospace & Defense and Transport & Mobility. 3D EXPERIENCE software revenue represented 46% of 3D EXPERIENCE eligible software revenue. Cloud software revenue grew by 6% and represented 22% of software revenue during the period. Excluding MEDIDATA  Cloud software revenue increased by 19%.EXPERIENCE software revenue increased by 22% thanks to major deals signings in Aerospace & Defense and Transport & Mobility. EXPERIENCE software revenue represented 46% of EXPERIENCE eligible software revenue. Cloud software revenue grew by 6% and represented 22% of software revenue during the period. Excluding MEDIDATA  Cloud software revenue increased by 19%. Operating Income and Margin: IFRS operating income rose by 27% at €483 million  as reported. Non-IFRS operating income increased by 9% in constant currencies at €637 million (up 8% as reported). The IFRS operating margin stood at 27.6% compared to 23.2% in the fourth quarter of 2023. The non-IFRS operating margin totaled 36.3% versus 35.9% during the same period last year  up 70 basis points in constant currencies.IFRS operating income rose by 27% at €483 million  as reported. Non-IFRS operating income increased by 9% in constant currencies at €637 million (up 8% as reported). The IFRS operating margin stood at 27.6% compared to 23.2% in the fourth quarter of 2023. The non-IFRS operating margin totaled 36.3% versus 35.9% during the same period last year  up 70 basis points in constant currencies. Earnings per Share: IFRS diluted EPS was €0.30  up 20% as reported. Non-IFRS diluted EPS grew to €0.40  up 9% as reported  or 11% in constant currencies.Fiscal 2024 Versus 2023 Financial Comparisons(unaudited  IFRS and non-IFRS unless otherwise noted all revenue growth rates in constant currencies)Total Revenue: Total revenue grew by 5% to €6.21 billion. Software revenue increased by 6% to €5.61 billion. Subscription and support revenue rose to €4.49 billion up 6%; recurring revenue represented 80% of total software revenue. Licenses and other software revenue grew by 4% to €1.13 billion. Services revenue came at €600 million  up 2%.Total revenue grew by 5% to €6.21 billion. Software revenue increased by 6% to €5.61 billion. Subscription and support revenue rose to €4.49 billion up 6%; recurring revenue represented 80% of total software revenue. Licenses and other software revenue grew by 4% to €1.13 billion. Services revenue came at €600 million  up 2%. Software Revenue by Geography: The Americas increased by 4% and represented 39% of software revenue. Europe rose by 6% and represented 38% of software revenue. Asia grew by 9%  representing 22% of software revenue.The Americas increased by 4% and represented 39% of software revenue. Europe rose by 6% and represented 38% of software revenue. Asia grew by 9%  representing 22% of software revenue. Software Revenue by Product Line:Industrial Innovation software revenue was up 5% to €3.02 billion and represented 54% of software revenue. DELMIA  ENOVIA and SIMULIA exhibited the strongest performance.Life Sciences software revenue decreased by 1% to €1.14 billion  representing 20% of software revenue.software revenue decreased by 1% to €1.14 billion  representing 20% of software revenue. Mainstream Innovation software revenue increased by 13% to €1.45 billion. Mainstream Innovation represented 26% of software revenue.Software Revenue by Industry : Home & Lifestyle  Aerospace and Defense  High-Tech and Industrial equipment displayed some of the strongest performance.: Home & Lifestyle  Aerospace and Defense  High-Tech and Industrial equipment displayed some of the strongest performance. Key Strategic Drivers : 3D EXPERIENCE software revenue increased by 14%  representing 39% of 3D EXPERIENCE eligible software revenue. Cloud software revenue grew by 7% and represented 24% of software revenue. Excluding MEDIDATA  Cloud software revenue increased by more than 40% versus last year.: EXPERIENCE software revenue increased by 14%  representing 39% of EXPERIENCE eligible software revenue. Cloud software revenue grew by 7% and represented 24% of software revenue. Excluding MEDIDATA  Cloud software revenue increased by more than 40% versus last year. Operating Income and Margin : IFRS operating income increased by 9% to €1.36 billion  as reported. Non-IFRS operating income increased by 3% as reported  up 4% in constant currencies  to €1.98 billion. IFRS operating margin totaled 21.9% compared to 20.9% in 2023. The non-IFRS operating margin stood at 31.9% in 2024 compared to 32.4% last year.: IFRS operating income increased by 9% to €1.36 billion  as reported. Non-IFRS operating income increased by 3% as reported  up 4% in constant currencies  to €1.98 billion. IFRS operating margin totaled 21.9% compared to 20.9% in 2023. The non-IFRS operating margin stood at 31.9% in 2024 compared to 32.4% last year. Earnings per Share : IFRS diluted EPS was up 14% as reported  to €0.90. Non-IFRS diluted EPS grew by 7% to €1.28  as reported  up 9% in constant currencies.: IFRS diluted EPS was up 14% as reported  to €0.90. Non-IFRS diluted EPS grew by 7% to €1.28  as reported  up 9% in constant currencies. Cash Flow from Operations (IFRS) : Cash flow from operations totaled €1.66 billion  up 6% year over year at reported rate with strong cash conversion and good cash collection  offset by receivables up on higher business activity in the fourth quarter.: Cash flow from operations totaled €1.66 billion  up 6% year over year at reported rate with strong cash conversion and good cash collection  offset by receivables up on higher business activity in the fourth quarter. Balance Sheet (IFRS): Dassault Systèmes had a net cash position of €1.46 billion as of December 31  2024  an increase of €0.88 billion  compared to €0.58 billion for the year ending December 31  2023. Cash and cash equivalents totaled €3.95 billion at the end of December 2024. The movements of the year on cash and cash equivalents include the reimbursement for €700 million of the second tranche of the bond issued by the company in 2019.Financial Objectives for 2025Dassault Systèmes’ first quarter and 2025 financial objectives presented below are given on a non-IFRS basis and reflect the principal 2025 currency exchange rate assumptions for the US dollar and Japanese yen as well as the potential impact from additional non-Euro currencies:Q1 2025 FY 2025 Total Revenue (billion) €1.535 - €1.601 €6.550 - €6.650 Growth 2 - 7% 5 - 7% Growth ex FX 3 - 8% 6 - 8% Software revenue growth * 3 - 8% 6 - 8% Of which licenses and other software revenue growth * 0 - 9% 3 - 5% Of which recurring revenue growth * 4 - 8% 7 - 9%Services revenue growth *0 - 4% 3 - 6% Operating Margin 31.0% - 31.1% 32.6% - 32.9% EPS Diluted €0.30 - €0.32 €1.36 - €1.39 Growth 2 - 6% 6 - 8% Growth ex FX 3 - 7% 7 - 10% US dollar $1.10 per Euro $1.10 per Euro Japanese yen (before hedging) JPY 155.0 per Euro JPY 155.0 per Euro * Growth in Constant CurrenciesThese objectives are prepared and communicated only on a non-IFRS basis and are subject to the cautionary statement set forth below.The 2025 non-IFRS financial objectives set forth above do not take into account the following accounting elements below and are estimated based upon the 2025 principal currency exchange rates above: no significant contract liabilities write-downs; share-based compensation expenses  including related social charges  estimated at approximately €161 million (these estimates do not include any new stock option or share grants issued after December 31  2024); amortization of acquired intangibles and of tangibles reevaluation  estimated at approximately €336 million  largely impacted by the acquisition of MEDIDATA; and lease incentives of acquired companies at approximately €2 million.The above objectives also do not include any impact from other operating income and expenses  a net principally comprised of acquisition  integration and restructuring expenses  and impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets; from one-time items included in financial revenue; from one-time tax effects; and from the income tax effects of these non-IFRS adjustments. Finally  these estimates do not include any new acquisitions or restructuring completed after December 31  2024.Corporate AnnouncementsToday’s Webcast and Conference Call InformationToday  Tuesday  February 4  2025  Dassault Systèmes will host  from Paris  a webcasted presentation at 9:00 AM London Time / 10:00 AM Paris time  and will then host a conference call at 8:30 AM New York time / 1:30 PM London time / 2:30 PM Paris time. The webcasted presentation and conference calls will be available online by accessing investor.3ds.com.Additional investor information is available at investor.3ds.com or by calling Dassault Systèmes’ Investor Relations at +33.1.61.62.69.24.Investor Relations EventsFirst Quarter 2025 Earnings Release: April 24  2025Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Release: July 24  2025Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Release: October 23  2025Forward-looking InformationStatements herein that are not historical facts but express expectations or objectives for the future  including but not limited to statements regarding the Group’s non-IFRS financial performance objectives are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on Dassault Systèmes management's current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results or performances may differ materially from those in such statements due to a range of factors.The Group’s actual results or performance may be materially negatively affected by numerous risks and uncertainties  as described in the “Risk Factors” section 1.9 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document (‘Document d'enregistrement universel’) filed with the AMF (French Financial Markets Authority) on March 18  2024  available on the Group’s website www.3ds.com.In particular  please refer to the risk factor “Uncertain Global Economic Environment” in section 1.9.1.1 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document set out below for ease of reference:“In light of the uncertainties regarding economic  business  social  health and geopolitical conditions at the global level  Dassault Systèmes’ revenue  net earnings and cash flows may grow more slowly  whether on an annual or quarterly basis  mainly due to the following factors:the deployment of Dassault Systèmes’ solutions may represent a large portion of a customer’s investments in software technology. Decisions to make such an investment are impacted by the economic environment in which the customers operate. Uncertain global geopolitical  economic and health conditions and the lack of visibility or the lack of financial resources may cause some customers  e.g. within the automotive  aerospace  energy or natural resources industries  to reduce  postpone or terminate their investments  or to reduce or not renew ongoing paid maintenance for their installed base  which impact larger customers’ revenue with their respective sub-contractors;the political  economic and monetary situation in certain geographic regions where Dassault Systèmes operates could become more volatile and impact Dassault Systèmes’ business  for example  due to stricter export compliance rules or the introduction of new customs tariffs;continued pressure or volatility on raw materials and energy prices could also slow down Dassault Systèmes’ diversification efforts in new industries;uncertainties regarding the extent and duration of inflation could adversely affect the financial position of Dassault Systèmes; andthe sales cycle of Dassault Systèmes’ products – already relatively long due to the strategic nature of such investments for customers – could further lengthen.The occurrence of crises – health and political in particular – could have consequences both for the health and safety of Dassault Systèmes’ employees and for the Company. It could also adversely impact the financial situation or financing and supply capabilities of Dassault Systèmes’ existing and potential customers  commercial and technology partners  some of whom may be forced to temporarily close sites or cease operations. A deteriorating economic environment could generate increased price pressure and affect the collection of receivables  which would negatively impact Dassault Systèmes’ revenue  financial performance and market position.Dassault Systèmes makes every effort to take into consideration this uncertain macroeconomic outlook. Dassault Systèmes’ business results  however  may not develop as anticipated. Furthermore  due to factors affecting sales of Dassault Systèmes’ products and services  there may be a substantial time lag between an improvement in global economic and business conditions and an upswing in the Company’s business results.In preparing such forward-looking statements  the Group has in particular assumed an average US dollar to euro exchange rate of US$1.10 per €1.00 as well as an average Japanese yen to euro exchange rate of JPY155.0 to €1.00  before hedging for the first quarter 2025. The Group has assumed an average US dollar to euro exchange rate of US$1.10 per €1.00 as well as an average Japanese yen to euro exchange rate of JPY155.0 to €1.00  before hedging for the full year 2025. However  currency values fluctuate  and the Group’s results may be significantly affected by changes in exchange rates.Non-IFRS Financial InformationReaders are cautioned that the supplemental non-IFRS financial information presented in this press release is subject to inherent limitations. It is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for IFRS measurements. The supplemental non-IFRS financial information should be read only in conjunction with the Company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. Furthermore  the Group’s supplemental non-IFRS financial information may not be comparable to similarly titled “non-IFRS” measures used by other companies. Specific limitations for individual non-IFRS measures are set forth in the Company’s 2024 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on March 18  2024.In the tables accompanying this press release the Group sets forth its supplemental non-IFRS figures for revenue  operating income  operating margin  net income and diluted earnings per share  which exclude the effect of adjusting the carrying value of acquired companies’ deferred revenue  share-based compensation expense and related social charges  the amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangibles reevaluation  certain other operating income and expense  net  including impairment of goodwill and acquired intangibles  the effect of adjusting lease incentives of acquired companies  certain one-time items included in financial revenue and other  net  and the income tax effect of the non-IFRS adjustments and certain one-time tax effects. The tables also set forth the most comparable IFRS financial measure and reconciliations of this information with non-IFRS information.FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  350 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBeatrix Martinez: +33 1 61 62 40 73 Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud MALHERBEarnaud.malherbe@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 87 73© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are owned by their respective owners. Use of any Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries trademarks is subject to their express written approval.APPENDIX TABLE OF CONTENTSDue to rounding  numbers presented throughout this and other documents may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.Glossary of DefinitionsNon-IFRS Financial InformationAcquisitions and Foreign Exchange ImpactCondensed consolidated statements of incomeCondensed consolidated balance sheetCondensed consolidated cash flow statementIFRS – non-IFRS reconciliationDASSAULT SYSTÈMES - Glossary of DefinitionsInformation in Constant CurrenciesDassault Systèmes has followed a long-standing policy of measuring its revenue performance and setting its revenue objectives exclusive of currency in order to measure in a transparent manner the underlying level of improvement in its total revenue and software revenue by activity  industry  geography and product lines. The Group believes it is helpful to evaluate its growth exclusive of currency impacts  particularly to help understand revenue trends in its business. Therefore  the Group provides percentage increases or decreases in its revenue and expenses (in both IFRS as well as non-IFRS) to eliminate the effect of changes in currency values  particularly the U.S. dollar and the Japanese yen  relative to the euro. When trend information is expressed ""in constant currencies""  the results of the ""prior"" period have first been recalculated using the average exchange rates of the comparable period in the current year  and then compared with the results of the comparable period in the current year.While constant currency calculations are not considered to be an IFRS measure  the Group believes these measures are critical to understanding its global revenue results and to compare with many of its competitors who report their financial results in U.S. dollars. Therefore  Dassault Systèmes includes this calculation for comparing IFRS revenue figures as well non-IFRS revenue figures for comparable periods. All information at constant exchange rates is expressed as a rounded percentage and therefore may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.Information on Growth excluding acquisitions (“organic growth”)In addition to financial indicators on the entire Group’s scope  Dassault Systèmes provides growth excluding acquisitions effect  also named organic growth. In order to do so  the data relating to the scope is restated excluding acquisitions  from the date of the transaction  over a period of 12 months.Information on Industrial SectorsThe Group provides broad end-to-end software solutions and services: its platform-based virtual twin experiences combine modeling  simulation  data science and collaborative innovation to support companies in the three sectors it serves  namely Manufacturing Industries  Life Sciences & Healthcare  and Infrastructure & Cities.These three sectors comprise twelve industries:Manufacturing Industries: Transportation & Mobility; Aerospace & Defense; Marine & Offshore; Industrial Equipment; High-Tech; Home & Lifestyle; Consumer Packaged Goods - Retail. In Manufacturing Industries  Dassault Systèmes helps customers virtualize their operations  improve data sharing and collaboration across their organization  reduce costs and time-to-market  and become more sustainable;Transportation & Mobility; Aerospace & Defense; Marine & Offshore; Industrial Equipment; High-Tech; Home & Lifestyle; Consumer Packaged Goods - Retail. In Manufacturing Industries  Dassault Systèmes helps customers virtualize their operations  improve data sharing and collaboration across their organization  reduce costs and time-to-market  and become more sustainable; Life Sciences & Healthcare: Life Sciences & Healthcare. In this sector  the Group aims to address the entire cycle of the patient journey to lead the way toward precision medicine. To reach the broader healthcare ecosystem from research to commercial  the Group’s solutions connect all elements from molecule development to prevention to care  and combine new therapeutics  med practices  and Medtech;Life Sciences & Healthcare. In this sector  the Group aims to address the entire cycle of the patient journey to lead the way toward precision medicine. To reach the broader healthcare ecosystem from research to commercial  the Group’s solutions connect all elements from molecule development to prevention to care  and combine new therapeutics  med practices  and Medtech; Infrastructure & Cities: Infrastructure  Energy & Materials; Architecture  Engineering & Construction; Business Services; Cities & Public Services. In Infrastructure & Cities  the Group supports the virtualization of the sector in making its industries more efficient and sustainable  and creating desirable living environments.Information on Product LinesThe Group’s product lines financial reporting include the following financial information:Industrial Innovation software revenue  which includes CATIA  ENOVIA  SIMULIA  DELMIA  GEOVIA  NETVIBES  and 3DEXCITE brands;software revenue  which includes CATIA  ENOVIA  SIMULIA  DELMIA  GEOVIA  NETVIBES  and 3DEXCITE brands; Life Sciences software revenue  which includes MEDIDATA and BIOVIA brands;software revenue  which includes MEDIDATA and BIOVIA brands; Mainstream Innovation software revenue which includes its CENTRIC PLM and 3DVIA brands  as well as its 3DEXPERIENCE WORKS family which includes the SOLIDWORKS brand.Starting from 2022  OUTSCALE became a brand of the Group  extending the portfolio of software applications. As the first sovereign and sustainable operator on the cloud  OUTSCALE enables governments and corporations from all sectors to achieve digital autonomy through a Cloud experience and with a world-class cyber governance.GEOsEleven GEOs are responsible for driving development of the Company’s business and implementing its customer‑centric engagement model. Teams leverage strong networks of local customers  users  partners  and influencers.These GEOs are structured into three groups:the “Americas” group  made of two GEO’s;the “Europe” group  comprising Europe  Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and made of four GEO’s;the “Asia” group  comprising Asia and Oceania and made of five GEO’s.3DEXPERIENCE Software ContributionTo measure the relative share of 3DEXPERIENCE software in its revenues  Dassault Systèmes uses the following ratio: for software revenue  the Group calculates the percentage contribution by comparing total 3DEXPERIENCE software revenue to software revenue for all product lines except SOLIDWORKS  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM and other acquisitions (defined as “3DEXPERIENCE Eligible software revenue”).Cloud revenueCloud revenues correspond to revenue generated through a catalog of cloud-based solutions  infrastructure as a service  cloud solution development and cloud managed services. They are delivered by Dassault Systèmes via a cloud infrastructure hosted by Dassault Systèmes  or by third party providers of cloud computing infrastructure services. These offerings are available through different deployment methods: Dedicated cloud  Sovereign cloud and International cloud. Cloud solutions are generally offered through subscriptions models or perpetual licenses with support and hosting services.New businessNew business is the combination of subscription revenue and licenses & other software revenue.DASSAULT SYSTÈMESNON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION(unaudited; in millions of Euros  except per share data  percentages  headcount and exchange rates)Non-IFRS key figures exclude the effects of adjusting the carrying value of acquired companies’ contract liabilities (deferred revenue)  share-based compensation expense  including related social charges  amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation  lease incentives of acquired companies  other operating income and expense  net  including the acquisition  integration and restructuring expenses  and impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets  certain one-time items included in financial loss  net  certain one-time tax effects and the income tax effects of these non-IFRS adjustments.Comparable IFRS financial information and a reconciliation of the IFRS and non-IFRS measures are set forth in the separate tables within this Attachment.In millions of Euros  except per share data  percentages  headcount and exchange ratesNon-IFRS reported Three months ended Twelve months ended December 31 2024 December 31 2023 Change Change in constant currencies December 31 2024 December 31 2023 Change Change in constant currencies Total Revenue € 1 754.2 € 1 643.4 7% 7% € 6 213.6 € 5 951.4 4% 5% Revenue breakdown by activity Software revenue 1 601.5 1 476.1 8% 9% 5 613.3 5 360.0 5% 6% Of which licenses and other software revenue 405.4 351.9 15% 15% 1 125.2 1 087.6 3% 4% Of which subscription and support revenue 1 196.1 1 124.3 6% 7% 4 488.1 4 272.4 5% 6% Services revenue 152.8 167.3 (9)% (9)% 600.3 591.4 2% 2% Software revenue breakdown by product line Industrial Innovation 901.8 837.3 8% 8% 3 019.6 2 908.0 4% 5% Life Sciences 297.7 295.1 1% 0% 1 144.2 1 158.9 (1)% (1)% Mainstream Innovation 402.0 343.7 17% 17% 1 449.4 1 293.2 12% 13% Software Revenue breakdown by geography Americas 595.0 566.7 5% 5% 2 214.7 2 141.9 3% 4% Europe 685.0 601.1 14% 14% 2 150.4 2 027.3 6% 6% Asia 321.4 308.4 4% 7% 1 248.1 1 190.8 5% 9% Operating income € 636.8 € 589.8 8% € 1 983.7 € 1 925.6 3% Operating margin 36.3% 35.9% 31.9% 32.4% Net income attributable to shareholders € 530.7 € 487.2 9% € 1 705.1 € 1 597.9 7% Diluted earnings per share € 0.40 € 0.36 9% 11% € 1.28 € 1.20 7% 9% Closing headcount 26 026 25 573 2% 26 026 25 573 2% Average Rate USD per Euro 1.07 1.08 (1)% 1.08 1.08 0% Average Rate JPY per Euro 162.55 159.12 2% 163.85 151.99 8%DASSAULT SYSTÈMESACQUISITIONS AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE IMPACT(unaudited; in millions of Euros)In millions of EurosNon-IFRS reported o/w growth at constant rate and scopeo/w change of scope impact at current year rateo/w FX impact on previous year figuresDecember 31 2024 December 31 2023 Change Revenue QTD 1 754.2 1 643.4 110.9 111.8 0.6 (1.6) Revenue YTD 6 213.6 5 951.4 262.2 302.0 2.2 (42.0)DASSAULT SYSTÈMESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME(unaudited; in millions of Euros  except per share data and percentages)In millions of Euros  except per share data and percentagesIFRS reported Three months ended Twelve months ended December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  2024 2023 2024 2023 Licenses and other software revenue 405.4 351.9 1 125.2 1 087.6 Subscription and Support revenue 1 196.1 1 124.3 4 488.1 4 272.4 Software revenue 1 601.5 1 476.1 5 613.3 5 360.0 Services revenue 152.8 167.3 600.3 591.4 Total Revenue € 1 754.2 € 1 643.4 € 6 213.6 € 5 951.4 Cost of software revenue (1) (134.1) (124.9) (498.5) (453.9) Cost of services revenue (132.7) (131.0) (517.8) (517.1) Research and development expenses (327.7) (317.5) (1 286.2) (1 228.3) Marketing and sales expenses (456.6) (429.3) (1 704.3) (1 624.5) General and administrative expenses (136.4) (124.8) (470.5) (450.6) Amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation (87.5) (94.9) (361.6) (378.9) Other operating income and expense  net 4.2 (39.5) (15.0) (56.2) Total Operating Expenses (1 270.9) (1 261.8) (4 854.0) (4 709.5) Operating Income € 483.4 € 381.6 € 1 359.6 € 1 241.9 Financial income (loss)  net 22.9 27.8 118.4 59.0 Income before income taxes € 506.3 € 409.4 € 1 478.0 € 1 300.9 Income tax expense (95.4) (79.1) (279.9) (250.7) Net Income € 410.9 € 330.3 € 1 198.1 € 1 050.2 Non-controlling interest 1.1 (0.3) 2.1 0.7 Net Income attributable to equity holders of the parent € 412.0 € 330.0 € 1 200.2 € 1 050.9 Basic earnings per share 0.31 0.25 0.91 0.80 Diluted earnings per share € 0.30 € 0.25 € 0.90 € 0.79 Basic weighted average shares outstanding (in millions) 1 312.7 1 314.1 1 313.3 1 315.1 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding (in millions) 1 330.0 1 336.6 1 333.4 1 336.8(1) Excluding amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation.IFRS reportedThree months ended December 31  2024 Twelve months ended December 31  2024 Change (2) Change in constant currencies Change (2) Change in constant currencies Total Revenue 7% 7% 4% 5% Revenue by activity Software revenue 8% 9% 5% 6% Services revenue (9)% (9)% 2% 2% Software Revenue by product line Industrial Innovation 8% 8% 4% 5% Life Sciences 1% 0% (1)% (1)% Mainstream Innovation 17% 17% 12% 13% Software Revenue by geography Americas 5% 5% 3% 4% Europe 14% 14% 6% 6% Asia 4% 7% 5% 9%(2) Variation compared to the same period in the prior year.DASSAULT SYSTÈMESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET(unaudited; in millions of Euros)In millions of EurosIFRS reported December 31  December 31  2024 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 3 952.6 3 568.3 Trade accounts receivable  net 2 120.9 1 707.9 Contract assets 30.1 26.8 Other current assets 464.0 477.1 Total current assets 6 567.6 5 780.1 Property and equipment  net 945.8 882.8 Goodwill and Intangible assets  net 7 687.1 7 647.0 Other non-current assets 345.5 312.5 Total non-current assets 8 978.3 8 842.3 Total Assets € 15 545.9 € 14 622.5 LIABILITIES Trade accounts payable 259.9 230.5 Contract liabilities 1 663.4 1 479.3 Borrowings  current 450.8 950.1 Other current liabilities 1 147.4 901.0 Total current liabilities 3 521.5 3 561.0 Borrowings  non-current 2 042.8 2 040.6 Other non-current liabilities 900.9 1 174.8 Total non-current liabilities 2 943.7 3 215.4 Non-controlling interests 14.1 11.9 Parent shareholders' equity 9 066.6 7 834.1 Total Liabilities € 15 545.9 € 14 622.5DASSAULT SYSTÈMESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT(unaudited; in millions of Euros)In millions of EurosIFRS reported Three months ended Twelve months ended December 31  December 31  ChangeDecember 31  December 31  Change2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent 412.0 330.0 82.0 1 200.2 1 050.9 149.3 Non-controlling interest (1.1) 0.3 (1.4) (2.1) (0.7) (1.4) Net income 410.9 330.3 80.6 1 198.1 1 050.2 147.9 Depreciation of property and equipment 49.7 44.0 5.7 191.9 182.4 9.4 Amortization of intangible assets 89.4 96.8 (7.4) 369.1 387.1 (18.0) Adjustments for other non-cash items (75.9) (48.8) (27.0) 37.7 74.7 (37.0) Changes in working capital (162.1) (128.8) (33.3) (137.0) (129.2) (7.7) Net Cash From Operating Activities € 312.0 € 293.4 € 18.6 € 1 659.8 € 1 565.2 € 94.6 Additions to property  equipment and intangibles assets (49.1) (42.5) (6.6) (193.4) (145.3) (48.1) Payment for acquisition of businesses  net of cash acquired (4.2) (0.5) (3.8) (22.5) (16.1) (6.4) Other 0.3 0.1 0.1 24.1 (0.3) 24.4 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities € (53.1) € (42.9) € (10.2) € (191.7) € (161.6) € (30.1) Proceeds from exercise of stock options 4.4 28.5 (24.1) 48.4 67.0 (18.6) Cash dividends paid - 0.0 (0.0) (302.7) (276.2) (26.4) Repurchase and sale of treasury stock (0.5) 10.6 (11.1) (374.0) (375.4) 1.4 Capital increase - (0.0) 0.0 - 146.1 (146.1) Acquisition of non-controlling interests (0.0) (0.1) 0.1 (3.3) (0.9) (2.4) Proceeds from borrowings - 0.0 (0.0) 200.2 20.3 179.9 Repayment of borrowings (100.0) 0.1 (100.0) (700.9) (28.1) (672.7) Repayment of lease liabilities (18.7) (26.3) 7.7 (79.7) (89.4) 9.7 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities € (114.8) € 12.7 € (127.5) € (1 211.9) € (536.7) € (675.2) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 150.8 (63.2) 213.9 128.2 (67.5) 195.7 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents € 294.9 € 200.1 € 94.8 € 384.3 € 799.3 € (415.0) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period € 3 657.7 € 3 368.1 € 3 568.3 € 2 769.0 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period € 3 952.6 € 3 568.3 € 3 952.6 € 3 568.3DASSAULT SYSTÈMESSUPPLEMENTAL NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATIONIFRS – NON-IFRS RECONCILIATION(unaudited; in millions of Euros  except per share data and percentages)Readers are cautioned that the supplemental non-IFRS information presented in this press release is subject to inherent limitations. It is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered as a substitute for IFRS measurements. Also  the Group’s supplemental non-IFRS financial information may not be comparable to similarly titled “non-IFRS” measures used by other companies. Further specific limitations for individual non-IFRS measures  and the reasons for presenting non-IFRS financial information  are set forth in the Group’s Document d’Enregistrement Universel for the year ended December 31  2023 filed with the AMF on March 18  2024. To compensate for these limitations  the supplemental non-IFRS financial information should be read not in isolation  but only in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.In millions of Euros  except per share data and percentagesThree months ended December 31  Change 2024 Adjustment(1)2024 2023 Adjustment(1)2023 IFRSNon-IFRS(2)IFRS Non-IFRS IFRS Non-IFRS Total Revenue € 1 754.2 - € 1 754.2 € 1 643.4 - € 1 643.4 7% 7% Revenue breakdown by activity Software revenue 1 601.5 - 1 601.5 1 476.1 - 1 476.1 8% 8% Licenses and other software revenue 405.4 - 405.4 351.9 - 351.9 15% 15% Subscription and Support revenue 1 196.1 - 1 196.1 1 124.3 - 1 124.3 6% 6% Recurring portion of Software revenue 75% 75% 76% 76% Services revenue 152.8 - 152.8 167.3 - 167.3 (9)% (9)% Software Revenue breakdown by product line Industrial Innovation 901.8 - 901.8 837.3 - 837.3 8% 8% Life Sciences 297.7 - 297.7 295.1 - 295.1 1% 1% Mainstream Innovation 402.0 - 402.0 343.7 - 343.7 17% 17% Software Revenue breakdown by geography Americas 595.0 - 595.0 566.7 - 566.7 5% 5% Europe 685.0 - 685.0 601.1 - 601.1 14% 14% Asia 321.4 - 321.4 308.4 - 308.4 4% 4% Total Operating Expenses € (1 270.9) € 153.4 € (1 117.5) € (1 261.8) € 208.2 € (1 053.6) 1% 6% Share-based compensation expense and related social charges (69.7) 69.7 - (73.2) 73.2 - Amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation (87.5) 87.5 - (94.9) 94.9 - Lease incentives of acquired companies (0.4) 0.4 - (0.7) 0.7 - Other operating income and expense  net 4.2 (4.2) - (39.5) 39.5 - Operating Income € 483.4 € 153.4 € 636.8 € 381.6 € 208.2 € 589.8 27% 8% Operating Margin 27.6% 36.3% 23.2% 35.9% Financial income (loss)  net 22.9 1.1 24.0 27.8 1.0 28.8 (18)% (17)% Income tax expense (95.4) (33.2) (128.6) (79.1) (51.3) (130.4) 21% (1)% Non-controlling interest 1.1 (2.6) (1.5) (0.3) (0.7) (1.0) N/A 53% Net Income attributable to shareholders € 412.0 € 118.7 € 530.7 € 330.0 € 157.2 € 487.2 25% 9% Diluted Earnings Per Share (3) € 0.30 € 0.10 € 0.40 € 0.25 € 0.12 € 0.36 20% 9%(1) In the reconciliation schedule above  (i) all adjustments to IFRS revenue data reflect the exclusion of the effect of adjusting the carrying value of acquired companies’ contract liabilities (deferred revenue); (ii) adjustments to IFRS operating expense data reflect the exclusion of the amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation  share-based compensation expense  including related social charges  lease incentives of acquired companies  as detailed below  and other operating income and expense  net including acquisition  integration and restructuring expenses  and impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets; (iii) adjustments to IFRS financial loss  net reflect the exclusion of certain one-time items included in financial loss  net  and; (iv) all adjustments to IFRS income data reflect the combined effect of these adjustments  plus with respect to net income and diluted earnings per share  certain one-time tax effects and the income tax effect of the non-IFRS adjustments.In millions of Euros  except percentagesThree months ended December 31  Change 2024IFRS Share-based compensation expense and related social charges Lease incentives of acquired companies 2024Non-IFRS 2023IFRS Share-based compensation expense and related social charges Lease incentives of acquired companies 2023Non-IFRS IFRS Non-IFRS Cost of revenue (266.9) 5.0 0.1 (261.8) (255.9) 3.6 0.2 (252.1) 4% 4% Research and development expenses (327.7) 18.2 0.2 (309.3) (317.5) 28.5 0.3 (288.7) 3% 7% Marketing and sales expenses (456.6) 25.1 0.1 (431.4) (429.3) 20.9 0.1 (408.3) 6% 6% General and administrative expenses (136.4) 21.4 0.0 (115.0) (124.8) 20.2 0.0 (104.5) 9% 10% Total € 69.7 € 0.4 € 73.2 € 0.7(2) The non-IFRS percentage increase (decrease) compares non-IFRS measures for the two different periods. In the event there is non-IFRS adjustment to the relevant measure for only one of the periods under comparison  the non-IFRS increase (decrease) compares the non-IFRS measure to the relevant IFRS measure.(3) Based on a weighted average 1 330.0 million diluted shares for Q4 2024 and 1 336.6 million diluted shares for Q4 2023  and  for IFRS only  a diluted net income attributable to the sharehorlders of € 394.7 million for Q4 2024 (€ 330.0 million for Q4 2023). The Diluted net income attributable to equity holders of the Group corresponds to the Net Income attributable to equity holders of the Group adjusted by the impact of the share-based compensation plans to be settled either in cash or in shares at the option of the Group.DASSAULT SYSTÈMESSUPPLEMENTAL NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATIONIFRS – NON-IFRS RECONCILIATION(unaudited; in millions of Euros  except per share data and percentages)Readers are cautioned that the supplemental non-IFRS information presented in this press release is subject to inherent limitations. It is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered as a substitute for IFRS measurements. Also  the Group’s supplemental non-IFRS financial information may not be comparable to similarly titled “non-IFRS” measures used by other companies. Further specific limitations for individual non-IFRS measures  and the reasons for presenting non-IFRS financial information  are set forth in the Group’s Document d’Enregistrement Universel for the year ended December 31  2023 filed with the AMF on March 18  2024. To compensate for these limitations  the supplemental non-IFRS financial information should be read not in isolation  but only in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.In millions of Euros  except per share data and percentagesTwelve months ended December 31  Change 2024 Adjustment(1)2024 2023 Adjustment(1)2023 IFRSNon-IFRS(2)IFRS Non-IFRS IFRS Non-IFRS Total Revenue € 6 213.6 € 6 213.6 € 5 951.4 - € 5 951.4 4% 4% Revenue breakdown by activity Software revenue 5 613.3 5 613.3 5 360.0 - 5 360.0 5% 5% Licenses and other software revenue 1 125.2 - 1 125.2 1 087.6 - 1 087.6 3% 3% Subscription and Support revenue 4 488.1 4 488.1 4 272.4 - 4 272.4 5% 5% Recurring portion of Software revenue 80% 80% 80% 80% Services revenue 600.3 - 600.3 591.4 - 591.4 2% 2% Software Revenue breakdown by product line Industrial Innovation 3 019.6 - 3 019.6 2 908.0 - 2 908.0 4% 4% Life Sciences 1 144.2 - 1 144.2 1 158.9 - 1 158.9 (1)% (1)% Mainstream Innovation 1 449.4 - 1 449.4 1 293.2 - 1 293.2 12% 12% Software Revenue breakdown by geography Americas 2 214.7 2 214.7 2 141.9 - 2 141.9 3% 3% Europe 2 150.4 - 2 150.4 2 027.3 - 2 027.3 6% 6% Asia 1 248.1 - 1 248.1 1 190.8 - 1 190.8 5% 5% Total Operating Expenses € (4 854.0) € 624.2 € (4 229.8) € (4 709.5) € 683.7 € (4 025.8) 3% 5% Share-based compensation expense and related social charges (245.6) 245.6 - (245.8) 245.8 - Amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation (361.6) 361.6 - (378.9) 378.9 - Lease incentives of acquired companies (1.9) 1.9 - (2.8) 2.8 - Other operating income and expense  net (15.0) 15.0 - (56.2) 56.2 - Operating Income € 1 359.6 € 624.2 € 1 983.7 € 1 241.9 € 683.7 € 1 925.6 9% 3% Operating Margin 21.9% 31.9% 20.9% 32.4% Financial income (loss)  net 118.4 3.2 121.6 59.0 29.3 88.2 101% 38% Income tax expense (279.9) (117.0) (396.8) (250.7) (164.1) (414.8) 12% (4)% Non-controlling interest 2.1 (5.5) (3.4) 0.7 (1.9) (1.2) 190% 187% Net Income attributable to shareholders € 1 200.2 € 504.9 € 1 705.1 € 1 050.9 € 546.9 € 1 597.9 14% 7% Diluted Earnings Per Share (3) € 0.90 € 0.38 € 1.28 € 0.79 € 0.41 € 1.20 14% 7%(1) In the reconciliation schedule above  (i) all adjustments to IFRS revenue data reflect the exclusion of the effect of adjusting the carrying value of acquired companies’ contract liabilities (deferred revenue); (ii) adjustments to IFRS operating expense data reflect the exclusion of the amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation  share-based compensation expense  including related social charges  lease incentives of acquired companies  as detailed below  and other operating income and expense  net including acquisition  integration and restructuring expenses  and impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets; (iii) adjustments to IFRS financial loss  net reflect the exclusion of certain one-time items included in financial loss  net  and; (iv) all adjustments to IFRS income data reflect the combined effect of these adjustments  plus with respect to net income and diluted earnings per share  certain one-time tax effects and the income tax effect of the non-IFRS adjustments.In millions of Euros  except percentagesTwelve months ended December 31  Change 2024IFRS Share-based compensation expense and related social charges Lease incentives of acquired companies 2024Non-IFRS 2023IFRS Share-based compensation expense and related social charges Lease incentives of acquired companies 2023Non-IFRS IFRS Non-IFRS Cost of revenue (1 016.3) 16.2 0.5 (999.5) (971.0) 15.7 0.8 (954.4) 5% 5% Research and development expenses (1 286.2) 76.9 0.9 (1 208.4) (1 228.3) 94.4 1.3 (1 132.6) 5% 7% Marketing and sales expenses (1 704.3) 80.8 0.3 (1 623.3) (1 624.5) 73.6 0.5 (1 550.4) 5% 5% General and administrative expenses (470.5) 71.7 0.2 (398.7) (450.6) 62.2 0.2 (388.3) 4% 3% Total € 245.6 € 1.9 € 245.8 € 2.8(2) The non-IFRS percentage increase (decrease) compares non-IFRS measures for the two different periods. In the event there is non-IFRS adjustment to the relevant measure for only one of the periods under comparison  the non-IFRS increase (decrease) compares the non-IFRS measure to the relevant IFRS measure.(3) Based on a weighted average 1 333.4 million diluted shares for YTD 2024 and 1 336.8 million diluted shares for YTD 2023.1 IFRS figures for 4Q24: total revenue at €1.75 billion  operating margin of 27.6% and diluted EPS at €0.30; IFRS figures for FY24: total revenue at €6.21 billion  operating margin of 21.9% and diluted EPS at €0.90.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.19,0.22,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'Strong Q4 results', 'new business acceleration', '3DEXPERIENCE footprint', 'Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Executive Officer Commentary', 'Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Financial Officer Commentary', 'trusted Global IP Generation', '3D EXPERIENCE software revenue', 'net cash position', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Top line acceleration', 'product line perspective', 'new business acceleration', 'broad cloud adoption', 'deep industry knowledge', 'Operating cash flow', '70-100 basis points', 'multiple virtual twins', 'YTD 2023 Change Change', 'new business growth', 'constant currencies YTD', 'software revenue growth', 'revenue growth rates', 'total revenue growth', 'operating margin expansion', 'Strong Q4 results', 'percentages IFRS IFRS', 'financial results', 'financial information', 'Financial Summary', '2023 Financial Comparisons', '70 basis points', 'bottom line', 'new era', 'new opportunities', '3D UNIV+RSES', 'wider adoption', 'industry leaders', 'future growth', 'industry solutions', 'growth outlook', 'support revenue', 'recurring revenue', 'IFRS basis', 'Press Release', 'The Group', 'Summary Highlights1', 'Initiating guidance', 'AI-based services', 'Pascal Daloz', 'strategic partnerships', 'Lockheed Martin', 'Bristol-Myers Squibb', 'value propositions', 'artificial intelligence', 'Management Company', 'Rouven Bergmann', 'Industrial Innovation', 'same time', 'Mainstream Innovation', 'Life Sciences', 'productivity gains', 'future investments', 'competitive positioning', 'next horizon', 'IFRS unaudited', 'IFRS figures', 'strong foundation', 'full year', 'challenging year', 'share data', 'fourth quarter', 'Euronext Paris', 'competitive success', 'excellent performance', 'diluted EPS', '3DEXPERIENCE footprint', '9% growth', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'February', 'DSY', 'Board', 'Directors', 'reconciliations', 'Appendix', '4Q24', 'increase', 'FY24', 'FY25', 'industries', 'domains', 'geographies', 'Volkswagen', 'Mahindra', 'Airbus', 'relevance', 'know-how', 'customers', 'teams', 'combination', 'clients', 'context', 'focus', 'manufacturing', 'MEDIDATA', 'profitability', 'capacity', 'headquarters', 'opportunity', 'vision', 'millions', 'Euros', 'Non-IFRS', 'Subscription', '2024']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48658,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/04/3020796/35903/en/Mondel%C4%93z-International-Reports-Q4-and-FY-2024-Results.html,Mondelēz International Reports Q4 and FY 2024 Results,FY'24 Net Revenues +1.2%  Organic Net Revenues1 +4.3%  Volume/Mix -1.0%  FY'24 Diluted EPS declined -5.5% to $3.42FY'24 Adjusted EPS1 on a constant......,"FY'24 Net Revenues +1.2%  Organic Net Revenues1 +4.3%  Volume/Mix -1.0%FY'24 Diluted EPS declined -5.5% to $3.42FY'24 Adjusted EPS1 on a constant currency basis up +13.0% to $3.36FY'24 Cash provided by operating activities was $4.9 billionFY'24 Free Cash Flow1 was $3.5 billionFY'24 Return of capital to shareholders was $4.7 billionCompany provides FY'25 outlookCHICAGO  Feb. 04  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mondelēz International  Inc. (Nasdaq: MDLZ) today reported its fourth quarter and full year 2024 results.“Fiscal 2024 was another strong year of performance for our company. We delivered balanced top-line growth  strong earnings  and robust free cash flow generation  while returning significant capital back to shareholders "" said Dirk Van de Put  Chair and Chief Executive Officer. ""As we transition into 2025  we remain focused on executing against our long-term growth strategy and delivering on our chocolate business playbook to navigate unprecedented cocoa cost inflation. Our teams are well-equipped to stay agile and take the necessary actions to navigate this challenging operating environment. We believe we are solidly positioned for attractive long-term top- and bottom-line growth.""Net Revenue$ in millions ReportedNet Revenues Organic Net Revenue Growth Q4 2024 % Chgvs PY Q4 2024 Vol/Mix Pricing Quarter 4 Latin America $ 1 171 (7.2 )% 4.9 % (1.5 )pp 6.4 pp Asia  Middle East & Africa 1 908 9.9 8.6 3.8 4.8 Europe 3 744 5.8 7.4 (2.0 ) 9.4 North America 2 781 0.1 0.4 1.3 (0.9 ) Mondelēz International $ 9 604 3.1 % 5.2 % 0.1 pp 5.1 pp Emerging Markets $ 3 640 1.7 % 6.7 % 0.2 pp 6.5 pp Developed Markets $ 5 964 4.0 % 4.3 % 0.1 pp 4.2 pp Full Year FY 2024 FY 2024 Latin America $ 4 926 (1.6 )% 4.6 % (2.4 )pp 7.0 pp Asia  Middle East & Africa 7 296 3.1 6.2 0.7 5.5 Europe 13 309 3.5 5.7 (2.1 ) 7.8 North America 10 910 (1.5 ) 1.5 — 1.5 Mondelēz International $ 36 441 1.2 % 4.3 % (1.0) pp 5.3 pp Emerging Markets $ 14 163 1.1 % 6.2 % (0.6) pp 6.8 pp Developed Markets $ 22 278 1.2 % 3.2 % (1.1) pp 4.3 ppOperating Income and Diluted EPS$ in millions  except per share data Reported Adjusted Q4 2024 vs PY(Rpt Fx) Q4 2024 vs PY(Rpt Fx) vs PY(Cst Fx) Quarter 4 Gross Profit $ 3 711 6.9 % $ 3 025 (14.4 )% (12.5) % Gross Profit Margin 38.6 % 1.3 pp 31.5 % (6.5 )pp Operating Income $ 1 611 35.0 % $ 959 (31.6 )% (28.2) % Operating Income Margin 16.8 % 4.0 pp 10.0 % (5.1 )pp Net Earnings 2 $ 1 745 83.7 % $ 868 (22.2 )% (17.7) % Diluted EPS $ 1.30 85.7 % $ 0.65 (20.7 )% (15.9) % Full Year FY 2024 FY 2024 Gross Profit $ 14 257 3.6 % $ 13 766 3.2 % 5.1 % Gross Profit Margin 39.1 % 0.9 pp 37.8 % 0.3 pp Operating Income $ 6 345 15.3 % $ 5 899 4.7 % 8.1 % Operating Income Margin 17.4 % 2.1 pp 16.2 % 0.3 pp Net Earnings 2 $ 4 611 (7.0 )% $ 4 521 7.1 % 10.9 % Diluted EPS $ 3.42 (5.5 )% $ 3.36 9.1 % 13.0 %Full Year CommentaryNet revenues increased 1.2 percent as Organic Net Revenue growth of 4.3 percent and incremental net revenue from our acquisition of Evirth was partially offset by unfavorable currency-related items and the impact of our 2023 divestiture of the developed market gum business. Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing  partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix.increased 1.2 percent as Organic Net Revenue growth of 4.3 percent and incremental net revenue from our acquisition of Evirth was partially offset by unfavorable currency-related items and the impact of our 2023 divestiture of the developed market gum business. Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing  partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix. Gross profit increased $493 million  and gross profit margin increased 90 basis points to 39.1 percent primarily driven by favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market impacts from derivatives and an increase in Adjusted Gross Profit 1 margin  partially offset by lapping the operating results from the developed market gum business divested in 2023 and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program. Adjusted Gross Profit increased $674 million at constant currency  and Adjusted Gross Profit margin increased 30 basis points to 37.8 percent due primarily to higher pricing and lower manufacturing costs driven by productivity  partially offset by higher raw material and transportation costs.increased $493 million  and gross profit margin increased 90 basis points to 39.1 percent primarily driven by favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market impacts from derivatives and an increase in Adjusted Gross Profit margin  partially offset by lapping the operating results from the developed market gum business divested in 2023 and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program. Adjusted Gross Profit increased $674 million at constant currency  and Adjusted Gross Profit margin increased 30 basis points to 37.8 percent due primarily to higher pricing and lower manufacturing costs driven by productivity  partially offset by higher raw material and transportation costs. Operating income increased $843 million  and operating income margin was 17.4 percent  up 210 basis points primarily due to favorable year-over-year change in acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments  favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market gains/(losses) from currency and commodity hedging activities  higher Adjusted Operating Income margin and lower divestiture-related costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher intangible asset impairment charges  lapping prior-year gain and operating results from the developed market gum business divested in 2023 and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program. Adjusted Operating Income increased $456 million at constant currency while Adjusted Operating Income margin increased 30 basis points to 16.2 percent  driven primarily by higher net pricing  lower manufacturing costs driven by productivity and overhead leverage  partially offset by higher input cost inflation.increased $843 million  and operating income margin was 17.4 percent  up 210 basis points primarily due to favorable year-over-year change in acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments  favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market gains/(losses) from currency and commodity hedging activities  higher Adjusted Operating Income margin and lower divestiture-related costs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher intangible asset impairment charges  lapping prior-year gain and operating results from the developed market gum business divested in 2023 and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program. Adjusted Operating Income increased $456 million at constant currency while Adjusted Operating Income margin increased 30 basis points to 16.2 percent  driven primarily by higher net pricing  lower manufacturing costs driven by productivity and overhead leverage  partially offset by higher input cost inflation. Diluted EPS was $3.42  down 5.5 percent  primarily due to lapping prior-year gain on marketable securities  lapping prior-year gain on equity method investment transactions  2024 net loss on equity method transactions including an impairment  lapping prior-year gain and operating results from the developed market gum business divested in 2023  higher intangible asset impairment charges and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program. These unfavorable items were partially offset by an increase in Adjusted EPS  favorable year-over-year change in acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments  favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market impacts from commodity and currency derivatives  lower divestiture-related costs  favorable year-over-year change in initial impacts from enacted tax law changes and lapping prior-year impact from European Commission legal matter.was $3.42  down 5.5 percent  primarily due to lapping prior-year gain on marketable securities  lapping prior-year gain on equity method investment transactions  2024 net loss on equity method transactions including an impairment  lapping prior-year gain and operating results from the developed market gum business divested in 2023  higher intangible asset impairment charges and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program. These unfavorable items were partially offset by an increase in Adjusted EPS  favorable year-over-year change in acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments  favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market impacts from commodity and currency derivatives  lower divestiture-related costs  favorable year-over-year change in initial impacts from enacted tax law changes and lapping prior-year impact from European Commission legal matter. Adjusted EPS was $3.36  up 13.0 percent on a constant currency basis driven by strong operating gains  fewer shares outstanding  lower taxes  lower interest expense and higher benefit plan non-service income  partially offset by lapping prior year dividend income related to our former KDP investment.was $3.36  up 13.0 percent on a constant currency basis driven by strong operating gains  fewer shares outstanding  lower taxes  lower interest expense and higher benefit plan non-service income  partially offset by lapping prior year dividend income related to our former KDP investment. Capital Return: The company returned $4.7 billion to shareholders in cash dividends and share repurchases.Fourth Quarter CommentaryNet revenues increased 3.1 percent as Organic Net Revenue growth of 5.2 percent and incremental net revenue from our acquisition of Evirth was partially offset by unfavorable currency-related items and lapping prior-year sales from a short-term distributor agreement related to the developed market gum business divested in 2023. Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix.increased 3.1 percent as Organic Net Revenue growth of 5.2 percent and incremental net revenue from our acquisition of Evirth was partially offset by unfavorable currency-related items and lapping prior-year sales from a short-term distributor agreement related to the developed market gum business divested in 2023. Organic Net Revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. Gross profit increased $241 million  and gross profit margin increased 130 basis points to 38.6 percent primarily driven by favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market impacts from derivatives  partially offset by an decrease in Adjusted Gross Profit 1 margin. Adjusted Gross Profit decreased $440 million at constant currency  and Adjusted Gross Profit margin decreased 650 basis points to 31.5 percent due primarily to higher raw material and transportation costs  partially offset by higher pricing and lower manufacturing costs driven by productivity.increased $241 million  and gross profit margin increased 130 basis points to 38.6 percent primarily driven by favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market impacts from derivatives  partially offset by an decrease in Adjusted Gross Profit margin. Adjusted Gross Profit decreased $440 million at constant currency  and Adjusted Gross Profit margin decreased 650 basis points to 31.5 percent due primarily to higher raw material and transportation costs  partially offset by higher pricing and lower manufacturing costs driven by productivity. Operating income increased $418 million  and operating income margin was 16.8 percent  up 400 basis points primarily due to favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market gains/(losses) from currency and commodity hedging activities  favorable year-over-year change in acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments  lapping prior-year impact from the European Commission legal matter  lower remeasurement loss of net monetary position and lower divestiture-related costs. These favorable items were partially offset by lower Adjusted Operating Income margin  lapping prior-year gain from the developed market gum business divested in 2023 and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program. Adjusted Operating Income decreased $396 million at constant currency while Adjusted Operating Income margin decreased 510 basis points to 10.0 percent  driven primarily by higher input cost inflation  partially offset by higher net pricing  overhead leverage and lower manufacturing costs driven by productivity.increased $418 million  and operating income margin was 16.8 percent  up 400 basis points primarily due to favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market gains/(losses) from currency and commodity hedging activities  favorable year-over-year change in acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments  lapping prior-year impact from the European Commission legal matter  lower remeasurement loss of net monetary position and lower divestiture-related costs. These favorable items were partially offset by lower Adjusted Operating Income margin  lapping prior-year gain from the developed market gum business divested in 2023 and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program. Adjusted Operating Income decreased $396 million at constant currency while Adjusted Operating Income margin decreased 510 basis points to 10.0 percent  driven primarily by higher input cost inflation  partially offset by higher net pricing  overhead leverage and lower manufacturing costs driven by productivity. Diluted EPS was $1.30  up 85.7 percent  primarily due to favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market impacts from currency and commodity derivatives  gain on equity method investment transactions  favorable year-over-year change in acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments  favorable year-over-year change in initial impacts from enacted tax law changes  lower remeasurement loss on of net monetary position and lower divestiture-related costs. These favorable items were partially offset by a decrease in Adjusted EPS  lapping prior-year gain from the developed market gum business divested in 2023 and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program.was $1.30  up 85.7 percent  primarily due to favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market impacts from currency and commodity derivatives  gain on equity method investment transactions  favorable year-over-year change in acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments  favorable year-over-year change in initial impacts from enacted tax law changes  lower remeasurement loss on of net monetary position and lower divestiture-related costs. These favorable items were partially offset by a decrease in Adjusted EPS  lapping prior-year gain from the developed market gum business divested in 2023 and costs incurred for the ERP Systems Implementation program. Adjusted EPS was $0.65  down 15.9 percent on a constant currency basis driven by a decrease in operating results and lower equity method investment earnings  partially offset by lower taxes and fewer shares outstanding.2025 OutlookMondelēz International provides its outlook on a non-GAAP basis  as the company cannot predict some elements that are included in reported GAAP results  including the impact of foreign exchange. Refer to the Outlook section in the discussion of non-GAAP financial measures below for more details.For 2025  the company expects Organic Net Revenue growth to be approximately 5 percent. The company expects Adjusted EPS to decline approximately 10% on a constant currency basis due to unprecedented cocoa cost inflation. The company also expects 2025 Free Cash Flow of $3+ billion. The company estimates currency translation would decrease 2025 net revenue growth by approximately 2.5 percent3 with a negative $0.12 impact to Adjusted EPS3.Outlook is provided in the context of greater than usual volatility  including due to geopolitical  trade and regulatory uncertainty and commodity prices. This outlook does not reflect any imposition of import tariffs by the U.S. and potential retaliatory actions taken by other countries  as the tariff and trade environment is uncertain and rapidly evolving at this time.Conference CallMondelēz International will host a conference call for investors with accompanying slides to review its results at 5 p.m. ET today. A listen-only webcast will be provided at www. mondelezinternational .com . An archive of the webcast will be available on the company’s web site.About Mondelēz InternationalMondelēz International  Inc. (Nasdaq: MDLZ) empowers people to snack right in over 150 countries around the world. With 2024 net revenues of approximately $36 billion  MDLZ is leading the future of snacking with iconic global and local brands such as Oreo  Ritz  LU  Clif Bar and Tate's Bake Shop biscuits and baked snacks  as well as Cadbury Dairy Milk  Milka and Toblerone chocolate. Mondelēz International is a proud member of the Standard and Poor’s 500  Nasdaq 100 and Dow Jones Sustainability Index.Visit www.mondelezinternational.com or follow the company on Twitter at www.twitter.com/MDLZ.End NotesOrganic Net Revenue  Adjusted Gross Profit (and Adjusted Gross Profit margin)  Adjusted Operating Income (and Adjusted Operating Income margin)  Adjusted EPS  Adjusted EPS incl. developed market gum  Free Cash Flow and presentation of amounts in constant currency are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see discussion of non-GAAP financial measures at the end of this press release for more information. Earnings attributable to Mondelēz International. Currency estimate is based on published rates from XE.com on January 28  2025.Additional DefinitionsEmerging markets consist of the Latin America region in its entirety; the Asia  Middle East and Africa region excluding Australia  New Zealand and Japan; and the following countries from the Europe region: Russia  Ukraine  Türkiye  Kazakhstan  Georgia  Poland  Czech Republic  Slovak Republic  Hungary  Bulgaria  Romania  the Baltics and the East Adriatic countries.Developed markets include the entire North America region  the Europe region excluding the countries included in the emerging markets definition  and Australia  New Zealand and Japan from the Asia  Middle East and Africa region.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are “forward-looking statements” for purposes of federal and state securities laws  including any projections of earnings  revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans  strategies and objectives of management  including for future operations  capital expenditures or share repurchases; any statements concerning proposed new products  services  or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief or expectation; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing or other future events. Forward-looking statements may include  among others  the words  and variations of words  “will ” “may ” “expect ” “would ” “could ” “might ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “likely ” “estimate ” “anticipate ” “objective ” “predict ” “project ” “drive ” “seek ” “aim ” “target ” “potential ” “commitment ” “outlook ” “continue” or any other similar words.Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable  actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations  as well as any forward-looking statements  are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond our control and are amplified by current and potential trade and tariff actions affecting the countries where we operate. Important factors that could cause our actual results or performance to differ materially from those contained in or implied by our forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  the following:weakness in macroeconomic conditions in our markets  including as a result of inflation (and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation) and the instability of certain financial institutions;risks from operating globally including geopolitical  trade  tariff and regulatory uncertainties affecting developed and emerging markets;volatility of cocoa and other commodity input costs  our ability to effectively hedge such costs and the availability of commodities;geopolitical uncertainty  including the impact of ongoing or new developments in Ukraine and the Middle East  related current and future sanctions imposed by governments and other authorities and related impacts  including on our business operations  employees  reputation  brands  financial condition and results of operations;competition and our response to channel shifts and pricing and other competitive pressures;pricing actions and customer and consumer responses to such actions;promotion and protection of our reputation and brand image;weakness in consumer spending and/or changes in consumer preferences and demand and our ability to predict  identify  interpret and meet these changes;the outcome and effects on us of legal and tax proceedings and government investigations;use of information technology and third party service providers;unanticipated disruptions to our business  such as malware incidents  cyberattacks or other security breaches  and supply  commodity  labor and transportation constraints;our ability to identify  complete  manage and realize the full extent of the benefits  cost savings  efficiencies and/or synergies presented by strategic acquisitions and other transactions as well as other strategic initiatives  such as our ERP System Implementation program;our investments and our ownership interests in those investments;the impact of climate change on our supply chain and operations;global or regional health pandemics or epidemics;consolidation of retail customers and competition with retailer and other economy brands;changes in our relationships with customers  suppliers or distributors;management of our workforce and shifts in labor availability or labor costs;compliance with legal  regulatory  tax and benefit laws and related changes  claims or actions;perceived or actual product quality issues or product recalls;failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures;our ability to protect our intellectual property and intangible assets;tax matters including changes in tax laws and rates  disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes;changes in currency exchange rates  controls and restrictions;volatility of and access to capital or other markets  interest rates  the effectiveness of our cash management programs and our liquidity;pension costs;significant changes in valuation factors that may adversely affect our impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets; andthe risks and uncertainties  as they may be amended from time to time  set forth in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.There may be other factors not presently known to us or which we currently consider to be immaterial that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. We disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this press release except as required by applicable law or regulation. In addition  historical  current and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing  internal controls and processes that continue to evolve  and assumptions that are subject to change in the future.Schedule 1 Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (in millions of U.S. dollars and shares  except per share data) (Unaudited) For the Three MonthsEnded December 31  For the Twelve MonthsEnded December 31  2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenues $ 9 604 $ 9 314 $ 36 441 $ 36 016 Cost of sales (5 893 ) (5 844 ) (22 184 ) (22 252 ) Gross profit 3 711 3 470 14 257 13 764 Gross profit margin 38.6% 37.3% 39.1% 38.2% Selling  general and administrative expenses (1 980 ) (2 259 ) (7 439 ) (8 002 ) Asset impairment and exit costs (86 ) (89 ) (324 ) (217 ) Gain on acquisition and divestitures 4 108 4 108 Amortization of intangible assets (38 ) (37 ) (153 ) (151 ) Operating income 1 611 1 193 6 345 5 502 Operating income margin 16.8% 12.8% 17.4% 15.3% Benefit plan non-service income 20 22 96 82 Interest and other expense  net (34 ) (52 ) (180 ) (310 ) Gain on marketable securities - - - 606 Earnings before income taxes 1 597 1 163 6 261 5 880 Income tax provision (216 ) (257 ) (1 469 ) (1 537 ) Effective tax rate 13.5% 22.1% 23.5% 26.1% Gain/(loss) on equity method investment transactions 332 - (337 ) 465 Equity method investment net earnings 35 44 168 160 Net earnings 1 748 950 4 623 4 968 less: Noncontrolling interest earnings (3 ) - (12 ) (9 ) Net earnings attributable to Mondelēz International $ 1 745 $ 950 $ 4 611 $ 4 959 Per share data: Basic earnings per share attributable to Mondelēz International $ 1.31 $ 0.70 $ 3.44 $ 3.64 Diluted earnings per share attributable to Mondelēz International $ 1.30 $ 0.70 $ 3.42 $ 3.62 Average shares outstanding: Basic 1 336 1 358 1 341 1 363 Diluted 1 340 1 364 1 347 1 370Schedule 2 Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) December 31  December 31  2024 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 1 351 $ 1 810 Trade receivables 3 874 3 634 Other receivables 937 878 Inventories  net 3 827 3 615 Other current assets 3 253 1 766 Total current assets 13 242 11 703 Property  plant and equipment  net 9 481 9 694 Operating lease right-of-use assets 767 683 Goodwill 23 017 23 896 Intangible assets  net 18 848 19 836 Prepaid pension assets 987 1 043 Deferred income taxes 333 408 Equity method investments 635 3 242 Other assets 1 187 886 TOTAL ASSETS $ 68 497 $ 71 391 LIABILITIES Short-term borrowings $ 71 $ 420 Current portion of long-term debt 2 014 2 101 Accounts payable 9 433 8 321 Accrued marketing 2 558 2 683 Accrued employment costs 928 1 158 Other current liabilities 4 545 4 330 Total current liabilities 19 549 19 013 Long-term debt 15 664 16 887 Long-term operating lease liabilities 623 537 Deferred income taxes 3 425 3 292 Accrued pension costs 391 437 Accrued postretirement health care costs 98 124 Other liabilities 1 789 2 735 TOTAL LIABILITIES 41 539 43 025 EQUITY Common Stock - - Additional paid-in capital 32 276 32 216 Retained earnings 36 476 34 236 Accumulated other comprehensive losses (12 471 ) (10 946 ) Treasury stock (29 349 ) (27 174 ) Total Mondelēz International Shareholders' Equity 26 932 28 332 Noncontrolling interest 26 34 TOTAL EQUITY 26 958 28 366 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY $ 68 497 $ 71 391 December 31  December 31  2024 2023 Incr/(Decr) Short-term borrowings $ 71 $ 420 $ (349 ) Current portion of long-term debt 2 014 2 101 (87 ) Long-term debt 15 664 16 887 (1 223 ) Total Debt 17 749 19 408 (1 659 ) Cash and cash equivalents 1 351 1 810 (459 ) Net Debt (1) $ 16 398 $ 17 598 $ (1 200 ) (1) Net debt is defined as total debt  which includes short-term borrowings  current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt  less cash and cash equivalents.Schedule 3 Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) For the Twelve MonthsEnded December 31  2024 2023 CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net earnings $ 4 623 $ 4 968 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to operating cash flows: Depreciation and amortization 1 302 1 215 Stock-based compensation expense 147 146 Deferred income tax provision/(benefit) 257 (37 ) Asset impairments and accelerated depreciation 267 128 Gain on acquisition and divestitures (4 ) (108 ) Loss/(gain) on equity method investment transactions 337 (465 ) Equity method investment net earnings (175 ) (160 ) Distributions from equity method investments 115 137 Unrealized gain on derivative contracts (627 ) (171 ) Gain on marketable securities - (593 ) Contingent consideration adjustments (389 ) 125 Other non-cash items  net 26 38 Change in assets and liabilities  net of acquisitions and divestitures: Receivables  net (519 ) (628 ) Inventories  net (458 ) (193 ) Accounts payable 1 682 264 Other current assets (591 ) (120 ) Other current liabilities (932 ) 354 Change in pension and postretirement assets and liabilities  net (151 ) (186 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 4 910 4 714 CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures (1 387 ) (1 112 ) Acquisitions  net of cash received (240 ) 19 Proceeds from divestitures including equity method and marketable security investments 2 294 4 099 Proceeds from derivative settlements 320 177 Payments for derivative settlements (199 ) (81 ) Contributions to investments (278 ) (309 ) Proceeds from sale of property  plant and equipment and other 16 19 Net cash provided by investing activities 526 2 812 CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Issuance of commercial paper  maturities greater than 90 days - 67 Repayments of commercial paper  maturities greater than 90 days - (67 ) Net (repayments)/issuances of short-term borrowings (343 ) (1 869 ) Long-term debt proceeds 1 671 277 Long-term debt repayments (2 554 ) (2 432 ) Repurchases of Common Stock (2 334 ) (1 547 ) Dividends paid (2 349 ) (2 160 ) Other 129 173 Net cash used in financing activities (5 780 ) (7 558 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash  cash equivalents and restricted cash (140 ) (32 ) Cash  Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Decrease (484 ) (64 ) Balance at beginning of period 1 884 1 948 Balance at end of period $ 1 400 $ 1 884Mondelēz International  Inc. and SubsidiariesReconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures(Unaudited)The company reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”). However  management believes that also presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures provides additional information to facilitate the comparison of the company’s historical operating results and trends in its underlying operating results  and provides additional transparency on how the company evaluates its business. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in making financial  operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company’s performance. The company also believes that presenting these measures allows investors to view its performance using the same measures that the company uses in evaluating its financial and business performance and trends.The company considers quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing whether to adjust for the impact of items that may be significant or that could affect an understanding of its ongoing financial and business performance and trends. The adjustments generally fall within the following categories: acquisition & divestiture activities  gains and losses on intangible asset sales and non-cash impairments  major program restructuring activities  constant currency and related adjustments  major program financing and hedging activities and other major items affecting comparability of operating results. See below for a description of adjustments to the company’s U.S. GAAP financial measures included herein.Non-GAAP information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition  the company’s non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as or comparable to similar non-GAAP measures presented by other companies.DEFINITIONS OF THE COMPANY’S NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURESThe company’s non-GAAP financial measures and corresponding metrics reflect how the company evaluates its operating results currently and provide improved comparability of operating results. As new events or circumstances arise  these definitions could change. When these definitions change  the company provides the updated definitions and presents the related non-GAAP historical results on a comparable basis. When items no longer impact the company’s current or future presentation of non-GAAP operating results  the company removes these items from its non-GAAP definitions. Beginning in Q1 2024  due to a significant devaluation of the Argentinean peso that occurred in December 2023 and the resulting distortion it would cause on our non-GAAP constant currency growth rate measures  the company now excludes the impact of pricing in excess of 26% year-over-year (""extreme pricing"") in Argentina. The benchmark of 26% represents the minimum annual inflation rate for each year over a 3-year period which would result in a cumulative inflation rate in excess of 100%  the level at which an economy is considered hyperinflationary under U.S. GAAP. The company has excluded the impact of extreme pricing in Argentina from its calculation of Organic Net Revenue  Organic Net Revenue growth and other non-GAAP financial constant currency growth measures with a corresponding adjustment to changes in currency exchange rates. The company made this change on a prospective basis due to the distorting effect expected in the current period and future periods following the Argentinian peso devaluation that occurred in December 2023 and did not revise its historical non-GAAP constant currency growth measures. Beginning in Q2 2024  the company added to its non-GAAP definitions the exclusion of operating expenses associated with its ERP System Implementation program as they represent incremental transformational costs above the normal ongoing level of spending on information technology to support operations. These operating expenses will be excluded from the company's non-GAAP financial measures as the company believes excluding those costs will better facilitate comparisons of the company's underlying operating performance across periods.“Organic Net Revenue” is defined as net revenues (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) excluding the impacts of acquisitions  divestitures  short-term distributor agreements related to the sale of a business and currency rate fluctuations. The company also evaluates Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging markets and developed markets.is defined as net revenues (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) excluding the impacts of acquisitions  divestitures  short-term distributor agreements related to the sale of a business and currency rate fluctuations. The company also evaluates Organic Net Revenue growth from emerging markets and developed markets. “Adjusted Gross Profit” is defined as gross profit (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) excluding the impacts of the Simplify to Grow Program; acquisition integration costs; the operating results of divestitures; operating results from short-term distributor agreements related to the sale of a business; mark-to-market impacts from commodity  forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivative contracts; inventory step-up charges; 2017 malware incident net recoveries; and incremental costs due to the war in Ukraine. The company also presents “Adjusted Gross Profit margin ” which is subject to the same adjustments as Adjusted Gross Profit. The company also evaluates growth in the company’s Adjusted Gross Profit on a constant currency basis.is defined as gross profit (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) excluding the impacts of the Simplify to Grow Program; acquisition integration costs; the operating results of divestitures; operating results from short-term distributor agreements related to the sale of a business; mark-to-market impacts from commodity  forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivative contracts; inventory step-up charges; 2017 malware incident net recoveries; and incremental costs due to the war in Ukraine. The company also presents “Adjusted Gross Profit margin ” which is subject to the same adjustments as Adjusted Gross Profit. The company also evaluates growth in the company’s Adjusted Gross Profit on a constant currency basis. “Adjusted Operating Income” and “Adjusted Segment Operating Income” are defined as operating income (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures) or segment operating income excluding the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Gross Profit definition as well as gains or losses (including non-cash impairment charges) on goodwill and intangible assets; divestiture or acquisition gains or losses  divestiture-related costs  acquisition-related costs  and acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments; remeasurement of net monetary position; impacts from resolution of tax matters; the European Commission legal matter; impact from pension participation changes; and operating costs from the ERP System Implementation program. The company also presents “Adjusted Operating Income margin” and “Adjusted Segment Operating Income margin ” which are subject to the same adjustments as Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Segment Operating Income. The company also evaluates growth in the company’s Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Segment Operating Income on a constant currency basis.and are defined as operating income (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures) or segment operating income excluding the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Gross Profit definition as well as gains or losses (including non-cash impairment charges) on goodwill and intangible assets; divestiture or acquisition gains or losses  divestiture-related costs  acquisition-related costs  and acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments; remeasurement of net monetary position; impacts from resolution of tax matters; the European Commission legal matter; impact from pension participation changes; and operating costs from the ERP System Implementation program. The company also presents “Adjusted Operating Income margin” and “Adjusted Segment Operating Income margin ” which are subject to the same adjustments as Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Segment Operating Income. The company also evaluates growth in the company’s Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Segment Operating Income on a constant currency basis. “Adjusted EPS” is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) excluding the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income definition  as well as losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; gains or losses on interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges due to changed financing and hedging plans; mark-to-market unrealized gains or losses and realized gains or losses from marketable securities; initial impacts from enacted tax law changes; and gains or losses on equity method investment transactions. Similarly  within Adjusted EPS  the company’s equity method investment net earnings exclude its proportionate share of its investee's significant operating and non-operating items. The tax impact of each of the items excluded from the company’s U.S GAAP results was computed based on the facts and tax assumptions associated with each item  and such impacts have also been excluded from Adjusted EPS. The company also evaluates growth in the company’s Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis.is defined as diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International from continuing operations (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) excluding the impacts of the items listed in the Adjusted Operating Income definition  as well as losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; gains or losses on interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges due to changed financing and hedging plans; mark-to-market unrealized gains or losses and realized gains or losses from marketable securities; initial impacts from enacted tax law changes; and gains or losses on equity method investment transactions. Similarly  within Adjusted EPS  the company’s equity method investment net earnings exclude its proportionate share of its investee's significant operating and non-operating items. The tax impact of each of the items excluded from the company’s U.S GAAP results was computed based on the facts and tax assumptions associated with each item  and such impacts have also been excluded from Adjusted EPS. The company also evaluates growth in the company’s Adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. “Free Cash Flow” is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures (the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure). Free Cash Flow is the company’s primary measure used to monitor its cash flow performance.See the attached schedules for supplemental financial data and corresponding reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures referred to above to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures for the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024 and December 31  2023. See Items Impacting Comparability of Operating Results below for more information about the items referenced in these definitions that specifically impacted the company’s results.SEGMENT OPERATING INCOMEThe company uses segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. The company believes it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. Segment operating income excludes unrealized gains and losses on hedging activities (which are a component of cost of sales)  general corporate expenses (which are a component of selling  general and administrative expenses)  amortization of intangibles  gains and losses on divestitures and acquisition-related costs (which are a component of selling  general and administrative expenses) in all periods presented. The company excludes these items from segment operating income in order to provide better transparency of its segment operating results. Furthermore  the company centrally manages benefit plan non-service income and interest and other expense  net. The company does not present the items above by segment because they are excluded from the segment profitability measure that management reviews.ITEMS IMPACTING COMPARABILITY OF OPERATING RESULTSThe following information is provided to give qualitative and quantitative information related to items impacting comparability of operating results. The company identifies these based on how management views the company’s business; makes financial  operating and planning decisions; and evaluates the company’s ongoing performance. In addition  the company discloses the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on the company’s financial results in order to reflect results on a constant currency basis.Divestitures  Divestiture-related costs and Gains/(losses) on divestituresDivestitures include completed sales of businesses  exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. the partial or full sale of an equity method investment and changes from equity method investment accounting to accounting for marketable securities. Divestiture-related costs  which includes costs incurred in relation to the preparation and completion (including one-time costs such as severance related to elimination of stranded costs) for the company's divestitures as defined above  also includes costs incurred associated with the company's publicly announced processes to sell businesses.On November 29  2024  the company sold its remaining shares in JDE Peet’s to JAB Holdings Company. As a result of this transaction  the company has fully exited its investment in the company. Previously  due to the company's reporting of JDEP’s results on a one-quarter lag basis  the company considered the impact of the sale of shares in its JDEP investment as a divestiture in the quarter following the sale of shares. As the company no longer has an equity method investment in JDEP as of the end of 2024  the company has considered the sale of its remaining shares in JDE Peet's a divestiture beginning with its fourth quarter ended December 31  2024.On October 1  2023  the company completed the sale of its developed market gum business in the United States  Canada  and Europe to Perfetti Van Melle Group  excluding the Portugal business which the company sold on October 23  2023 after obtaining regulatory approval. The company received cash proceeds of $1.4 billion and recorded a pre-tax gain of $108 million on the sale. The divestiture of this business resulted in a year-over-year reduction in net revenues of $1 million in the three months and $484 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024. The company reversed previously recorded divestiture-related costs no longer required of $1 million in the three months and incurred divestiture-related costs of $1 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024 and $17 million in the three months and $83 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023.The company's 2023 divestitures  impacting its historical results  also included the company's sales of JDE Peet's shares during the three months ended September 30  2023  the April 3  2023 sale of JDE Peet's shares and the March 2  2023 sale of KDP shares and the change from equity method investment accounting to accounting for marketable securities for the company's remaining equity interest in KDP. See the section on gains/losses on equity method investment transactions and marketable securities below for more information.Operating results from short-term distributor agreementsIn the fourth quarter of 2023  the company began to exclude the operating results from short-term distributor agreements that have been executed in conjunction with the sale of a business. The company excludes this item to better facilitate comparisons of underlying performance across periods.As part of the sale of the company's developed market gum business on October 1  2023  the company entered into a short-term distribution agreement with the buyer  Perfetti Van Melle Group  to distribute gum products in certain European markets for up to six months. The company recorded net revenues of $25 million and operating income of $2 million in the first quarter of 2024 and net revenue of $22 million and operating income of $3 million in the fourth quarter of 2023.Acquisitions  Acquisition-related costs and Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustmentsAcquisition-related costs  which includes transaction costs such as third party advisor  investment banking and legal fees  also includes one-time compensation expense related to the buyout of non-vested employee stock ownership plan shares and realized gains or losses from hedging activities associated with acquisition funds. Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments include one-time costs related to the integration of acquisitions as well as any adjustments made to the fair market value of contingent compensation liabilities that have been previously booked for earn-outs related to acquisitions that do not relate to employee compensation expense. The company excludes these items to better facilitate comparisons of its underlying operating performance across periods.On November 1  2024  the company acquired Evirth (Shanghai) Industrial Co.  Ltd. (“Evirth”)  a leading manufacturer of cakes and pastries in China. The acquisition will continue to expand the company's growth in the cakes and pastries categories. The acquisition added incremental net revenues of $72 million (constant currency basis) during the three months and twelve months ended December 31  2024 and operating income of $10 million during the three months and twelve months ended December 31  2024. The company incurred acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments of $8 million and an inventory step-up charge of $3 million in the three and twelve months ended December 31  2024. In addition  the company incurred acquisition-related costs of $1 million in the three months and $3 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024.On November 1  2022  the company acquired 100% of the equity of Grupo Bimbo's confectionery business  Ricolino  located primarily in Mexico. The acquisition of Ricolino builds on our continued prioritization of fast-growing snacking segments in key geographies. The company recorded income due to final true-ups related to the purchase agreement net of other charges within acquisition integration costs of $7 million in the three months and incurred acquisition integration costs of $21 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and $20 million in the three months and $50 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023.On August 1  2022  the company acquired 100% of the equity of Clif Bar & Company (“Clif Bar”)  a leading U.S. maker of nutritious energy bars with organic ingredients. The acquisition expands our global snacks bar business and complements our refrigerated snacking and performance nutrition bar portfolios. The company incurred acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments resulting in income of $87 million in the three months and $393 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and expense of $72 million in the three months and $164 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023.On January 3  2022  the company acquired 100% of the equity of Chipita Global S.A. (“Chipita”)  a leading croissants and baked snacks company in the Central and Eastern European markets. The acquisition of Chipita offers a strategic complement to the company's existing portfolio and advances its strategy to become the global leader in broader snacking. The company incurred acquisition integration costs of $9 million in the three months and $20 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and $2 million in the three months and $17 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023.On April 1  2020  the company acquired a majority interest in Give & Go  a North American leader in fully-finished sweet baked goods and owner of the famous two-bite® brand of brownies and the Create-A-Treat® brand  known for cookie and gingerbread house decorating kits. The acquisition of Give & Go provides access to the in-store bakery channel and expands the company's position in broader snacking. The company incurred acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments of $11 million in the three months and $28 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and $9 million in the three months and $20 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023.Simplify to Grow ProgramThe primary objective of the Simplify to Grow Program is to reduce the company’s operating cost structure in both its supply chain and overhead costs. The program covers severance as well as asset disposals and other manufacturing and procurement-related one-time costs.Restructuring costsThe company incurred restructuring charges of $37 million in the three months and $77 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and $58 million in the three months and $106 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023. This activity was recorded within asset impairment and exit costs and benefit plan non-service income. These charges were for severance and related costs  non-cash asset write-downs (including accelerated depreciation and asset impairments) and other adjustments  including any gains on sale of restructuring program assets.Implementation costsImplementation costs primarily relate to reorganizing the company’s operations and facilities in connection with its supply chain reinvention program and other identified productivity and cost saving initiatives. The costs include incremental expenses related to the closure of facilities  costs to terminate certain contracts and the simplification of the company’s information systems. The company recorded implementation costs of $32 million in the three months and $72 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and $12 million in the three months and $25 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023.Intangible asset impairment chargesDuring the company's 2024 annual testing of indefinite-life intangible assets  the company recorded intangible asset impairment charges of $153 million in the third quarter of 2024 related to two biscuit brands in the Europe segment  one biscuit brand in the AMEA segment and one candy and one biscuit brand in the Latin America segment.During the company's 2023 annual testing of indefinite-life intangible assets  the company recorded intangible asset impairment charges of $26 million in the third quarter of 2023 related to one chocolate brand in the North America segment and one biscuit brand in the Europe segment.Mark-to-market impacts from commodity and currency derivative contractsThe company excludes unrealized gains and losses (mark-to-market impacts) from outstanding commodity and forecasted currency and equity method investment transaction derivative contracts from its non-GAAP earnings measures. The mark-to-market impacts of commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives are excluded until such time that the related exposures impact the company's operating results. Since the company purchases commodity and forecasted currency transaction contracts to mitigate price volatility primarily for inventory requirements in future periods  the company makes this adjustment to remove the volatility of these future inventory purchases on current operating results to facilitate comparisons of its underlying operating performance across periods. The company excludes equity method investment derivative contract settlements as they represent protection of value for future divestitures. The company recorded commodity  forecasted currency and equity method transaction derivatives net unrealized gains of $700 million in the three months and $544 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and recorded net unrealized losses of $51 million in the three months and net unrealized gains of $185 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023.Remeasurement of net monetary positionThe company translates the results of operations of its subsidiaries from multiple currencies using average exchange rates during each period and translate balance sheet accounts using exchange rates at the end of each period. The company records currency translation adjustments as a component of equity (except for highly inflationary currencies) and realized exchange gains and losses on transactions in earnings.Highly inflationary accounting is triggered when a country’s three-year cumulative inflation rate exceeds 100%. It requires the remeasurement of financial statements of subsidiaries in the country  from the functional currency of the subsidiary to our U.S. dollar reporting currency  with currency remeasurement gains or losses recorded in earnings. The company excludes remeasurement gains and losses of the monetary assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries in highly inflationary economies from its non-GAAP earnings measures.At this time  within the company's consolidated entities  Argentina  Türkiye  Egypt and Nigeria are accounted for as highly inflationary economies. For Argentina  the company recorded a remeasurement loss of $3 million in the three months and $17 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and $38 million in the three months and $79 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023 related to the revaluation of the Argentinean peso denominated net monetary position over these periods. For Türkiye  the company recorded a remeasurement loss of $3 million in the three months and $15 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and $19 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023 related to the revaluation of the Turkish lira denominated net monetary position over these periods. For Egypt  the company recorded a remeasurement gain of $1 million in the three months and twelve months ended December 31  2024. For Nigeria  the company recorded an immaterial remeasurement gain in the three months and twelve months ended December 31  2024. The company recorded these charges for Argentina  Türkiye  Egypt and Nigeria within selling  general and administrative expenses.Impact from pension participation changesThe impact from pension participation changes represent the charges incurred when employee groups are withdrawn from multiemployer pension plans and other changes in employee group pension plan participation. The company excludes these charges from its non-GAAP results because those amounts do not reflect the company’s ongoing pension obligations.On July 11  2019  the company received a withdrawal liability assessment from the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund and recorded a discounted liability of $491 million requiring pro-rata monthly payments over 20 years. The company began making monthly payments during the third quarter of 2019. In connection with the discounted long-term liability  the company recorded accreted interest of $3 million in the three months and $10 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024 and $2 million in the three months and $10 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023 within interest and other expense  net. As of December 31  2024  the remaining discounted withdrawal liability was $311 million  with $16 million recorded in other current liabilities and $295 million recorded in long-term other liabilities.Incremental costs due to the war in UkraineIn February 2022  Russia began a military invasion of Ukraine and the company closed its operations and facilities in Ukraine. In March 2022  the company's two Ukrainian manufacturing facilities in Trostyanets and Vyshhorod were significantly damaged. In the second quarter of 2024  the company fully resumed production at both facilities after completing targeted repairs. The company continues to consolidate both its Ukrainian and Russian subsidiaries and continues to evaluate its ability to control its operating activities and businesses on an ongoing basis. The company continues to evaluate the uncertainty of the ongoing effects of the war in Ukraine and its impact on the global economic environment  and the company cannot predict if it will have a significant impact in the future. The company incurred costs of $1 million in the three months and $3 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024. The company reversed $1 million during the twelve months of 2023 of previously recorded charges primarily as a result of higher than expected collection of trade receivables and inventory recoveries.ERP System ImplementationIn July 2024  the company's Board of Directors approved funding of $1.2 billion for a multi-year systems transformation program to upgrade its global ERP and supply chain systems (the “ERP System Implementation”). The ERP System Implementation spending comprises both capital expenditures and operating expenses  of which a majority is expected to relate to operating expenses. The ERP System Implementation program will be implemented by region in several phases with spending occurring over the next five years  with expected completion by year-end 2028. The operating expenses associated with the ERP System Implementation represent incremental transformational costs above the normal ongoing level of spending on information technology to support operations. These expenses include third-party consulting fees  direct labor costs associated with the program  accelerated depreciation of the company's existing SAP financial systems and various other expenses  all associated with the implementation of the company's information technology upgrades. The company excludes these expenses from its non-GAAP results as they are nonrecurring and will better facilitate comparisons of the company's underlying operating performance across periods.The company recorded operating expenses of $40 million in the three months and $78 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024.Initial impacts from enacted tax law changesThe company excludes initial impacts from enacted tax law changes from its non-GAAP financial measures as they do not reflect its ongoing tax obligations under the enacted tax law changes. Initial impacts include items such as the remeasurement of deferred tax balances and the transition tax from the 2017 U.S. tax reform.The company recorded a net tax expense from the increase of its deferred tax liabilities resulting from enacted tax legislation of $12 million in the three months and $24 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2024  and recorded a net tax expense from the increase of its deferred tax liabilities resulting from enacted tax legislation of $68 million in the three months and $83 million in the twelve months ended December 31  2023.Gains and losses on marketable securities and equity method investment transactions (including impairment charges)Keurig Dr PepperDuring the first quarter of 2023  the company's reduction in ownership in Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (NASDAQ: ""KDP"") fell to below 5% of the outstanding shares  resulting in a change of accounting for its KDP investment  from equity method investment accounting to accounting for equity interests with readily determinable fair values (""marketable securities"") as the company no longer had significant influence over KDP. Marketable securities are measured at fair value based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1).On July 13  2023  the company sold 23 million shares  the remainder of its shares of KDP. The company received proceeds of approximately $704 million.On June 8  2023  the company sold 23 million shares of KDP  which reduced its ownership by 1.6 percentage points  from 3.2% to 1.6% of the total outstanding shares. The company received proceeds of approximately $708 million.On March 2  2023  the company sold 30 million shares of KDP  which reduced its ownership interest by 2.1 percentage points  from 5.3% to 3.2% of the total outstanding shares. The company received proceeds of approximately $1.0 billion and prior to the change of accounting for its KDP investment  recorded a pre-tax gain on equity method transactions of $493 million ($368 million after-tax) during the first quarter of 2023.Pre-tax (losses)/gains for marketable securities for the twelve months ended December 31  2023 are summarized below:Twelve Months Ended December 31  2023 (in millions) Gain on marketable securities sold during the period $ 593 Dividend income and other 13 Total gain on marketable securities $ 606Due to the change in accounting for the company's KDP investment  from equity method investment accounting to accounting as marketable securities  the company has treated the historical equity method earnings from KDP as a divestiture under the definitions of our non-GAAP financial measures. Therefore  the company has removed the equity method investment net earnings for KDP from its non-GAAP financial results for all historical periods presented to facilitate comparison of results.JDEPOn November 29  2024  the company sold it's remaining 85.9 million shares in JDE Peet’s (Euronext Amsterdam: “JDEP”) to JAB Holdings Company. The company received €2.2 billion ($2.3 billion) of proceeds at a price of €25.10 per share and recorded a gain on equity method investment transactions of €313 million ($332 million) during 2024. As a result of this transaction  the company has fully exited it's investment in the company.During the three months ended March 31  2024  the company determined there was an other-than-temporary impairment of its investment in JDEP  resulting in an impairment charge of €612 million ($665 million). This charge was included within (Loss)/gain on equity method investment transactions including impairments in the condensed consolidated statement of earnings. There was no other than temporary impairment identified in the twelve months ended December 31  2023.On March 30  2023  the company issued options to sell shares of JDEP in tranches equivalent to approximately 7.7 million shares  exercisable at maturity during the third quarter of 2023. During the three months ended September 30  2023  options were exercised on 2.2 million shares  which reduced the company's ownership by 0.4%  from 18.1% to 17.7% of the total outstanding shares. The company recorded a loss of €3 million ($4 million) for these sales during the three months ended September 30  2023.On April 3  2023  the company sold approximately 7.7 million shares of JDEP  which reduced the company's ownership by 1.6 percentage points  from 19.7% to 18.1% of the total outstanding shares. The company recorded a loss of €18 million ($19 million) on this sale during the three months ended June 30  2023.The company considered the above ownership reductions as partial divestitures of its equity method investment in JDEP. Therefore  the company has removed the equity method investment net earnings related to the divested portion from its non-GAAP financial results for Adjusted EPS for all historical periods presented to facilitate comparison of results. The company's U.S. GAAP results  which include its equity method investment net earnings from JDEP  did not change from what was previously reported.Currency-related itemsManagement evaluates the operating performance of the company and its international subsidiaries on a constant currency basis. The company's non-GAAP measures presented on a constant currency basis based on currency-related items include the effects of currency translation rate changes with a corresponding offset due to extreme pricing increases in Argentina.Currency translation rate changesThe company determines its constant currency operating results by dividing or multiplying  as appropriate  the current period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the company’s financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. Therefore  currency translation rate changes are equal to current period local currency operating results multiplied by the change in average foreign currency exchange rates between the current fiscal period and the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year.Extreme PricingDuring December 2023  the Argentinean peso significantly devalued. The peso's devaluation and potential resulting distortion on the company's non-GAAP Organic Net Revenue  Organic Net Revenue growth and other constant currency growth rate measures resulted in the company's decision to exclude the impact of pricing increases in excess of 26% year-over-year (""extreme pricing"") in Argentina  from these measures beginning in Q1 2024. The benchmark of 26% represents the minimum annual inflation rate for each year over a 3-year period which would result in a cumulative inflation rate in excess of 100%  the level at which an economy is considered hyperinflationary under U.S. GAAP.Currency-related items impacted the company's non-GAAP financial measures for the three months ended December 31  2024  as follows:Organic Net Revenue: In total  unfavorable currency-related items of $242 million (2.6 pp) were driven by unfavorable currency translation rate changes of $427 million (4.6 pp)  partially offset by extreme pricing of $185 million (2.0 pp). In Emerging Markets  unfavorable currency-related items of $249 million (6.9 pp) were driven by unfavorable currency translation rate changes of $434 million (12.1 pp)  partially offset by extreme pricing of $185 million (5.2 pp). In Developed Markets  favorable currency-related items of $7 million (0.1 pp) were driven by favorable currency translation rate changes.Adjusted Operating Income: Unfavorable currency-related items of $48 million were driven by unfavorable currency translation rate changes of $87 million  partially offset by extreme pricing of $39 million.Adjusted EPS: Unfavorable currency-related items of $0.04 were driven by unfavorable currency translation rate changes of $0.07  partially offset by extreme pricing of $0.03.Currency-related items impacted the company's non-GAAP financial measures for the twelve months ended December 31  2024  as follows:Organic Net Revenue: In total  unfavorable currency-related items of $710 million (2.0 pp) were driven by unfavorable currency translation rate changes of $1 877 million (5.2 pp)  partially offset by extreme pricing of $1 167 million (3.2 pp). In Emerging Markets  unfavorable currency-related items of $778 million (5.6 pp) were driven by unfavorable currency translation rate changes of $1 945 million (13.9 pp)  partially offset by extreme pricing of $1 167 million (8.3 pp). In Developed Markets  favorable currency-related items of $68 million (0.3 pp) were driven by favorable currency translation rate changes.Adjusted Operating Income: Unfavorable currency-related items of $191 million were driven by unfavorable currency translation rate changes of $460 million  partially offset by extreme pricing of $269 million.Adjusted EPS: Unfavorable currency-related items of $0.12 were driven by unfavorable currency translation rate changes of $0.32  partially offset by extreme pricing of $0.20.OUTLOOKThe company’s outlook for 2025 Organic Net Revenue growth  Adjusted EPS growth on a constant currency basis and Free Cash Flow are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude or otherwise adjust for items impacting comparability of financial results such as the impact of changes in currency exchange rates  restructuring activities  acquisitions and divestitures. The company is not able to reconcile its projected Organic Net Revenue growth to its projected reported net revenue growth for the full-year 2025 because the company is unable to predict during this period the impact from potential acquisitions or divestitures  as well as the impact of currency translation due to the unpredictability of future changes in currency exchange rates  which could be material as a significant portion of the company’s operations are outside the U.S. The company is not able to reconcile its projected Adjusted EPS growth on a constant currency basis to its projected reported diluted EPS growth for the full-year 2025 because the company is unable to predict during this period the timing of its restructuring program costs  mark-to-market impacts from commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivative contracts and impacts from potential acquisitions or divestitures as well as the impact of currency translation due to the unpredictability of future changes in currency exchange rates  which could be material as a significant portion of the company’s operations are outside the U.S. The company is not able to reconcile its projected Free Cash Flow to its projected net cash from operating activities for the full-year 2025 because the company is unable to predict during this period the timing and amount of capital expenditures impacting cash flow. Therefore  because of the uncertainty and variability of the nature and amount of future adjustments  which could be significant  the company is unable to provide a reconciliation of these measures without unreasonable effort.Schedule 4a Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Revenues (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) Latin America AMEA Europe North America Mondelēz International For the Three Months Ended December 31  2024 Reported (GAAP) $ 1 171 $ 1 908 $ 3 744 $ 2 781 $ 9 604 Acquisitions - (72 ) - - (72 ) Currency-related items 153 50 31 8 242 Organic (Non-GAAP) $ 1 324 $ 1 886 $ 3 775 $ 2 789 $ 9 774 For the Three Months Ended December 31  2023 Reported (GAAP) $ 1 262 $ 1 736 $ 3 538 $ 2 778 $ 9 314 Divestitures - - - (1 ) (1 ) Short-term distributor agreements - - (22 ) - (22 ) Organic (Non-GAAP) $ 1 262 $ 1 736 $ 3 516 $ 2 777 $ 9 291 $ Change - Reported (GAAP) $ (91 ) $ 172 $ 206 $ 3 $ 290 $ Change - Organic (Non-GAAP) 62 150 259 12 483 % Change - Reported (GAAP) (7.2)% 9.9% 5.8% 0.1% 3.1% Divestitures - pp - pp - pp - pp - pp Short-term distributor agreements - - 0.7 - 0.3 Acquisitions - (4.2 ) - - (0.8 ) Currency-related items 12.1 2.9 0.9 0.3 2.6 % Change - Organic (Non-GAAP) 4.9% 8.6% 7.4% 0.4% 5.2% Vol/Mix (1.5)pp 3.8 pp (2.0)pp 1.3 pp 0.1 pp Pricing 6.4 4.8 9.4 (0.9 ) 5.1 Latin America AMEA Europe North America Mondelēz International For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2024 Reported (GAAP) $ 4 926 $ 7 296 $ 13 309 $ 10 910 $ 36 441 Short-term distributor agreements - - (25 ) - (25 ) Acquisitions - (72 ) - - (72 ) Currency-related items 309 287 99 15 710 Organic (Non-GAAP) $ 5 235 $ 7 511 $ 13 383 $ 10 925 $ 37 054 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2023 Reported (GAAP) $ 5 006 $ 7 075 $ 12 857 $ 11 078 $ 36 016 Divestitures - - (174 ) (310 ) (484 ) Short-term distributor agreements - - (22 ) - (22 ) Organic (Non-GAAP) $ 5 006 $ 7 075 $ 12 661 $ 10 768 $ 35 510 $ Change - Reported (GAAP) $ (80 ) $ 221 $ 452 $ (168 ) $ 425 $ Change - Organic (Non-GAAP) 229 436 722 157 1 544 % Change - Reported (GAAP) (1.6)% 3.1% 3.5% (1.5 )% 1.2% Divestitures - pp - pp 1.4 pp 2.8 pp 1.4 pp Short-term distributor agreements - - - - - Acquisitions - (1.0 ) - - (0.3 ) Currency-related items 6.2 4.1 0.8 0.2 2.0 % Change - Organic (Non-GAAP) 4.6% 6.2% 5.7% 1.5% 4.3% Vol/Mix (2.4)pp 0.7 pp (2.1)pp - pp (1.0)pp Pricing 7.0 5.5 7.8 1.5 5.3Schedule 4b Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Revenues - Markets (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) Emerging Markets Developed Markets Mondelēz International For the Three Months Ended December 31  2024 Reported (GAAP) $ 3 640 $ 5 964 $ 9 604 Acquisitions (72 ) - (72 ) Currency-related items 249 (7 ) 242 Organic (Non-GAAP) $ 3 817 $ 5 957 $ 9 774 For the Three Months Ended December 31  2023 Reported (GAAP) $ 3 580 $ 5 734 $ 9 314 Divestitures (1 ) - (1 ) Short-term distributor agreements (2 ) (20 ) (22 ) Organic (Non-GAAP) $ 3 577 $ 5 714 $ 9 291 $ Change - Reported (GAAP) $ 60 $ 230 $ 290 $ Change - Organic (Non-GAAP) 240 243 483 % Change - Reported (GAAP) 1.7% 4.0% 3.1% Divestitures - pp - pp - pp Short-term distributor agreements 0.1 0.4 0.3 Acquisitions (2.0 ) - (0.8 ) Currency-related items 6.9 (0.1 ) 2.6 % Change - Organic (Non-GAAP) 6.7% 4.3% 5.2% Vol/Mix 0.2 pp 0.1 pp 0.1 pp Pricing 6.5 4.2 5.1 Emerging Markets Developed Markets Mondelēz International For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2024 Reported (GAAP) $ 14 163 $ 22 278 $ 36 441 Short-term distributor agreements (3 ) (22 ) (25 ) Acquisitions (72 ) - (72 ) Currency-related items 778 (68 ) 710 Organic (Non-GAAP) $ 14 866 $ 22 188 $ 37 054 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2023 Reported (GAAP) $ 14 011 $ 22 005 $ 36 016 Divestitures (5 ) (479 ) (484 ) Short-term distributor agreements (2 ) (20 ) (22 ) Organic (Non-GAAP) $ 14 004 $ 21 506 $ 35 510 $ Change - Reported (GAAP) $ 152 $ 273 $ 425 $ Change - Organic (Non-GAAP) 862 682 1 544 % Change - Reported (GAAP) 1.1% 1.2% 1.2% Divestitures - pp 2.3 pp 1.4 pp Short-term distributor agreements - - - Acquisitions (0.5 ) - (0.3 ) Currency-related items 5.6 (0.3 ) 2.0 % Change - Organic (Non-GAAP) 6.2% 3.2% 4.3% Vol/Mix (0.6)pp (1.1)pp (1.0)pp Pricing 6.8 4.3 5.3Schedule 5a Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Gross Profit / Operating Income (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended December 31  2024 Net Revenues Gross Profit Gross Profit Margin Operating Income Operating Income Margin Reported (GAAP) $ 9 604 $ 3 711 38.6 % $ 1 611 16.8 % Simplify to Grow Program - 11 69 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives - (706 ) (700 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments - (2 ) (66 ) Inventory step-up - 3 3 Acquisition-related costs - - 1 Gain on acquisition - - (4 ) Divestiture-related costs - 1 (1 ) Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine - - 1 ERP System Implementation costs - 7 40 Remeasurement of net monetary position - - 5 Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 9 604 $ 3 025 31.5 % $ 959 10.0 % Currency-related items 68 48 Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) $ 3 093 $ 1 007 For the Three Months Ended December 31  2023 Net Revenues Gross Profit Gross Profit Margin Operating Income Operating Income Margin Reported (GAAP) $ 9 314 $ 3 470 37.3 % $ 1 193 12.8 % Simplify to Grow Program - 5 70 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives - 53 50 Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments - 10 103 Gain on divestitures - - (108 ) Divestiture-related costs - (1 ) 17 Operating results from divestitures (1 ) - (1 ) Operating results from short-term distributor agreements (22 ) (5 ) (3 ) European Commission legal matter - - 43 Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine - 1 1 Remeasurement of net monetary position - - 38 Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 9 291 $ 3 533 38.0 % $ 1 403 15.1 % Gross Profit Operating Income $ Change - Reported (GAAP) $ 241 $ 418 $ Change - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) (508 ) (444 ) $ Change - Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) (440 ) (396 ) % Change - Reported (GAAP) 6.9% 35.0% % Change - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) (14.4)% (31.6)% % Change - Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) (12.5)% (28.2)%Schedule 5b Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Gross Profit / Operating Income (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2024 Net Revenues Gross Profit Gross Profit Margin Operating Income Operating Income Margin Reported (GAAP) $ 36 441 $ 14 257 39.1 % $ 6 345 17.4 % Simplify to Grow Program - 30 149 Intangible asset impairment charges - - 153 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives - (550 ) (543 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments - 12 (315 ) Inventory step-up - 3 3 Acquisition-related costs - - 3 Gain on acquisition - - (4 ) Divestiture-related costs - 1 1 Operating results from short-term distributor agreements (25 ) (3 ) (2 ) European Commission legal matter - - (3 ) Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine - 2 3 ERP System Implementation costs - 14 78 Remeasurement of net monetary position - - 31 Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 36 416 $ 13 766 37.8 % $ 5 899 16.2 % Currency-related items 242 191 Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) $ 14 008 $ 6 090 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2023 Net Revenues Gross Profit Gross Profit Margin Operating Income Operating Income Margin Reported (GAAP) $ 36 016 $ 13 764 38.2 % $ 5 502 15.3 % Simplify to Grow Program - 9 131 Intangible asset impairment charges - - 26 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives - (185 ) (189 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments - 25 246 Gain on divestitures - - (108 ) Divestiture-related costs - - 83 Operating results from divestitures (484 ) (274 ) (194 ) Operating results from short-term distributor agreements (22 ) (5 ) (3 ) European Commission legal matter - - 43 Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine - - (1 ) Remeasurement of net monetary position - - 98 Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 35 510 $ 13 334 37.5 % $ 5 634 15.9 % Gross Profit Operating Income $ Change - Reported (GAAP) $ 493 $ 843 $ Change - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) 432 265 $ Change - Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) 674 456 % Change - Reported (GAAP) 3.6 % 15.3 % % Change - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) 3.2 % 4.7 % % Change - Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) 5.1 % 8.1 %Schedule 6a Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Earnings and Tax Rate (in millions of U.S. dollars and shares  except per share data) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended December 31  2024 Operating Income Benefit plan non-service expense / (income) Interest and other expense  net Marketable securities (gains) / losses Earnings before income taxes Income taxes (1) Effective tax rate Gain on equity method investment transactions Equity method investment net losses / (earnings) Non-controlling interest earnings Net Earnings attributable to Mondelēz International Diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International Reported (GAAP) $ 1 611 $ (20 ) $ 34 $ - $ 1 597 $ 216 13.5 % $ (332 ) $ (35 ) $ 3 $ 1 745 $ 1.30 Simplify to Grow Program 69 - - - 69 17 - - - 52 0.04 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives (700 ) - - - (700 ) (135 ) - - - (565 ) (0.42 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments (66 ) - - - (66 ) (22 ) - - - (44 ) (0.03 ) Inventory step-up 3 - - - 3 - - - - 3 - Acquisition-related costs 1 - - - 1 1 - - - - - Gain on acquisition (4 ) - - - (4 ) - - - - (4 ) - Divestiture-related costs (1 ) - - - (1 ) - - - - (1 ) - Operating results from divestitures - - - - - - - 23 - (23 ) (0.02 ) Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine 1 - - - 1 - - - - 1 - ERP System Implementation costs 40 - - - 40 11 - - - 29 0.02 Remeasurement of net monetary position 5 - - - 5 - - - - 5 0.01 Impact from pension participation changes - - (3 ) - 3 1 - - - 2 - Initial impacts from enacted tax law changes - - - - - (12 ) - - - 12 0.01 Gain on equity method investment transactions - - 16 - (16 ) (4 ) 332 - - (344 ) (0.26 ) Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 959 $ (20 ) $ 47 $ - $ 932 $ 73 7.8 % $ - $ (12 ) $ 3 $ 868 $ 0.65 Currency-related items 50 0.04 Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) $ 918 $ 0.69 Diluted Average Shares Outstanding 1 340 For the Three Months Ended December 31  2023 Operating Income Benefit plan non-service expense / (income) Interest and other expense  net Marketable securities (gains) / losses Earnings before income taxes Income taxes (1) Effective tax rate Equity method investment transactions Equity method investment net losses / (earnings) Non-controlling interest earnings Net Earnings attributable to Mondelēz International Diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International Reported (GAAP) $ 1 193 $ (22 ) $ 52 $ - $ 1 163 $ 257 22.1 % $ - $ (44 ) $ - $ 950 $ 0.70 Simplify to Grow Program 70 - - - 70 17 - - - 53 0.04 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives 50 - (1 ) - 51 17 - - - 34 0.02 Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments 103 - - - 103 21 - - - 82 0.06 Gain on divestitures (108 ) - - - (108 ) 8 - - - (116 ) (0.09 ) Divestiture-related costs 17 - - - 17 3 - - - 14 0.01 Operating results from divestitures (1 ) - - - (1 ) (1 ) - 24 - (24 ) (0.01 ) Operating results from short-term distributor agreements (3 ) - - - (3 ) - - - - (3 ) - European Commission competition law matter 43 - - - 43 24 - - - 19 0.01 Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine 1 - - - 1 - - - - 1 - Remeasurement of net monetary position 38 - - - 38 - - - - 38 0.03 Impact from pension participation changes - - (2 ) - 2 1 - - - 1 - Initial impacts from enacted tax law changes - - - - - (68 ) - - - 68 0.05 Gain on marketable securities - - - - - 2 - - - (2 ) - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 1 403 $ (22 ) $ 49 $ - $ 1 376 $ 281 20.4 % $ - $ (20 ) $ - $ 1 115 $ 0.82 Diluted Average Shares Outstanding 1 364 (1) Taxes were computed for each of the items excluded from the company’s GAAP results based on the facts and tax assumptions associated with each item.Schedule 6b Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Earnings and Tax Rate (in millions of U.S. dollars and shares  except per share data) (Unaudited) For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2024 Operating Income Benefit plan non-service expense / (income) Interest and other expense  net Marketable securities (gains) / losses Earnings before income taxes Income taxes (1) Effective tax rate Loss on equity method investment transactions Equity method investment net losses / (earnings) Non-controlling interest earnings Net Earnings attributable to Mondelēz International Diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International Reported (GAAP) $ 6 345 $ (96 ) $ 180 $ - $ 6 261 $ 1 469 23.5 % $ 337 $ (168 ) $ 12 $ 4 611 $ 3.42 Simplify to Grow Program 149 - - - 149 36 - - - 113 0.09 Intangible asset impairment charges 153 - - - 153 40 - - - 113 0.08 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives (543 ) - 1 - (544 ) (107 ) - - - (437 ) (0.32 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments (315 ) - - - (315 ) (89 ) - - - (226 ) (0.17 ) Inventory step-up 3 - - - 3 - - - - 3 - Acquisition-related costs 3 - - - 3 1 - - - 2 - Gain on acquisition (4 ) - - - (4 ) - - - - (4 ) - Divestiture-related costs 1 - - - 1 - - - - 1 - Operating results from divestitures - - - - - - - 100 - (100 ) (0.07 ) Operating results from short-term distributor agreements (2 ) - - - (2 ) (1 ) - - - (1 ) - European Commission legal matter (3 ) - - - (3 ) - - - - (3 ) - Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine 3 - - - 3 - - - - 3 - ERP System Implementation costs 78 - - - 78 19 - - - 59 0.04 Remeasurement of net monetary position 31 - - - 31 - - - - 31 0.02 Impact from pension participation changes - - (10 ) - 10 3 - - - 7 0.01 Initial impacts from enacted tax law changes - - - - - (24 ) - - - 24 0.02 Loss on equity method investment transactions - - 16 - (16 ) (4 ) (337 ) - - 325 0.24 Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 5 899 $ (96 ) $ 187 $ - $ 5 808 $ 1 343 23.1 % $ - $ (68 ) $ 12 $ 4 521 $ 3.36 Currency-related items 161 0.12 Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) $ 4 682 $ 3.48 Diluted Average Shares Outstanding 1 347 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2023 Operating Income Benefit plan non-service expense / (income) Interest and other expense  net Marketable securities (gains) / losses Earnings before income taxes Income taxes (1) Effective tax rate Gain on equity method investment transactions Equity method investment net losses / (earnings) Non-controlling interest earnings Net Earnings attributable to Mondelēz International Diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International Reported (GAAP) $ 5 502 $ (82 ) $ 310 $ (606 ) $ 5 880 $ 1 537 26.1 % $ (465 ) $ (160 ) $ 9 $ 4 959 $ 3.62 Simplify to Grow Program 131 - - - 131 26 - - - 105 0.08 Intangible asset impairment charges 26 - - - 26 6 - - - 20 0.01 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives (189 ) - (7 ) - (182 ) (21 ) 3 - - (164 ) (0.12 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments 246 - - - 246 60 - - - 186 0.14 Gain on divestitures (108 ) - - - (108 ) 8 - - - (116 ) (0.08 ) Divestiture-related costs 83 - - - 83 25 - - - 58 0.04 Operating results from divestitures (194 ) - - - (194 ) (46 ) - 85 - (233 ) (0.17 ) Operating results from short-term distributor agreements (3 ) - - - (3 ) - - - - (3 ) - European Commission competition law matter 43 - - - 43 24 - - - 19 0.01 Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine (1 ) - - - (1 ) - - - - (1 ) - Remeasurement of net monetary position 98 - - - 98 - - - - 98 0.07 Impact from pension participation changes - - (10 ) - 10 3 - - - 7 0.01 Loss on debt extinguishment and related expenses - - (1 ) - 1 - - - - 1 - Initial impacts from enacted tax law changes - - - - - (83 ) - - - 83 0.06 Gain on marketable securities - - - 593 (593 ) (133 ) - - - (460 ) (0.34 ) Gain on equity method investment transactions - - - - - (124 ) 462 - - (338 ) (0.25 ) Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 5 634 $ (82 ) $ 292 $ (13 ) $ 5 437 $ 1 282 23.6 % $ - $ (75 ) $ 9 $ 4 221 $ 3.08 Diluted Average Shares Outstanding 1 370 (1) Taxes were computed for each of the items excluded from the company’s GAAP results based on the facts and tax assumptions associated with each item.Schedule 7a Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Diluted EPS (Unaudited) For the Three Months EndedDecember 31  2024 2023 $ Change % Change Diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International (GAAP) $ 1.30 $ 0.70 $ 0.60 85.7 % Simplify to Grow Program 0.04 0.04 - Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives (0.42 ) 0.02 (0.44 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments (0.03 ) 0.06 (0.09 ) Gain on divestitures - (0.09 ) 0.09 Divestiture-related costs - 0.01 (0.01 ) Operating results from divestitures (0.02 ) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) European Commission legal matter - 0.01 (0.01 ) ERP System Implementation costs 0.02 - 0.02 Remeasurement of net monetary position 0.01 0.03 (0.02 ) Initial impacts from enacted tax law changes 0.01 0.05 (0.04 ) Gain on equity method investment transactions (0.26 ) - (0.26 ) Adjusted EPS (Non-GAAP) $ 0.65 $ 0.82 $ (0.17 ) (20.7 )% Currency-related items 0.04 - 0.04 Adjusted EPS @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) $ 0.69 $ 0.82 $ (0.13 ) (15.9 )% Adjusted EPS @ Constant FX - Key Drivers Decrease in operations $ (0.22 ) Impact from acquisitions 0.01 Change in equity method investment net earnings (0.01 ) Change in income taxes 0.08 Change in shares outstanding 0.01 $ (0.13 )Schedule 7b Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Diluted EPS (Unaudited) For the Twelve Months EndedDecember 31  2024 2023 $ Change % Change Diluted EPS attributable to Mondelēz International (GAAP) $ 3.42 $ 3.62 $ (0.20 ) (5.5 )% Simplify to Grow Program 0.09 0.08 0.01 Intangible asset impairment charges 0.08 0.01 0.07 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives (0.32 ) (0.12 ) (0.20 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments (0.17 ) 0.14 (0.31 ) Gain on divestitures - (0.08 ) 0.08 Divestiture-related costs - 0.04 (0.04 ) Operating results from divestitures (0.07 ) (0.17 ) 0.10 European Commission legal matter - 0.01 (0.01 ) ERP System Implementation costs 0.04 - 0.04 Remeasurement of net monetary position 0.02 0.07 (0.05 ) Impact from pension participation changes 0.01 0.01 - Initial impacts from enacted tax law changes 0.02 0.06 (0.04 ) Gain on marketable securities - (0.34 ) 0.34 Loss/(gain) on equity method investment transactions 0.24 (0.25 ) 0.49 Adjusted EPS (Non-GAAP) $ 3.36 $ 3.08 $ 0.28 9.1 % Currency-related items 0.12 - 0.12 Adjusted EPS @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) $ 3.48 $ 3.08 $ 0.40 13.0 % Adjusted EPS @ Constant FX - Key Drivers Increase in operations $ 0.24 Impact from acquisitions 0.01 Change in benefit plan non-service income 0.01 Change in interest and other expense  net 0.04 Change in dividend income from marketable securities (0.01 ) Change in income taxes 0.05 Change in shares outstanding 0.06 $ 0.40Schedule 8a Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Segment Data (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended December 31  2024 Latin America AMEA Europe North America Unrealized G/(L) on Hedging Activities General Corporate Expenses Amortization of Intangibles Other Items Mondelēz International Net Revenue Reported (GAAP) $ 1 171 $ 1 908 $ 3 744 $ 2 781 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 9 604 Short-term distributor agreements - - - - - - - - - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 1 171 $ 1 908 $ 3 744 $ 2 781 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 9 604 Operating Income Reported (GAAP) $ 106 $ 156 $ 322 $ 480 $ 700 $ (118 ) $ (38 ) $ 3 $ 1 611 Simplify to Grow Program 13 5 16 29 - 6 - - 69 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives - - - - (700 ) - - - (700 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments (7 ) 9 9 (77 ) - - - - (66 ) Inventory step-up - 3 - - - - - - 3 Acquisition-related costs - - - - - - - 1 1 Gain on acquisition - - - - - - - (4 ) (4 ) Divestiture-related costs - - - - - (1 ) - - (1 ) Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine - - 1 - - - - - 1 ERP System Implementation costs 6 4 9 14 - 7 - - 40 Remeasurement of net monetary position 3 (1 ) 3 - - - - - 5 Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 121 $ 176 $ 360 $ 446 $ - $ (106 ) $ (38 ) $ - $ 959 Currency-related items 29 1 11 1 - 5 1 - 48 Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) $ 150 $ 177 $ 371 $ 447 $ - $ (101 ) $ (37 ) $ - $ 1 007 $ Change - Reported (GAAP) $ 6 $ (88 ) $ (206 ) $ 66 n/m $ (4 ) $ (1 ) n/m $ 418 $ Change - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) (38 ) (70 ) (283 ) (59 ) n/m 7 (1 ) n/m (444 ) $ Change - Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) (9 ) (69 ) (272 ) (58 ) n/m 12 - n/m (396 ) % Change - Reported (GAAP) 6.0% (36.1)% (39.0)% 15.9% n/m (3.5)% (2.7)% n/m 35.0% % Change - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) (23.9)% (28.5)% (44.0)% (11.7)% n/m 6.2% (2.7)% n/m (31.6)% % Change - Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) (5.7)% (28.0)% (42.3)% (11.5)% n/m 10.6% 0.0% n/m (28.2)% Operating Income Margin Reported % 9.1% 8.2% 8.6% 17.3% 16.8% Reported pp change 1.2 pp (5.9)pp (6.3)pp 2.4 pp 4.0 pp Adjusted % 10.3% 9.2% 9.6% 16.0% 10.0% Adjusted pp change (2.3)pp (5.0)pp (8.7)pp (2.2)pp (5.1)pp For the Three Months Ended December 31  2023 Latin America AMEA Europe North America Unrealized G/(L) on Hedging Activities General Corporate Expenses Amortization of Intangibles Other Items Mondelēz International Net Revenue Reported (GAAP) $ 1 262 $ 1 736 $ 3 538 $ 2 778 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 9 314 Divestitures - - - (1 ) - - - - (1 ) Short-term distributor agreements - - (22 ) - - - - - (22 ) Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 1 262 $ 1 736 $ 3 516 $ 2 777 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 9 291 Operating Income Reported (GAAP) $ 100 $ 244 $ 528 $ 414 $ (50 ) $ (114 ) $ (37 ) $ 108 $ 1 193 Simplify to Grow Program - 1 61 7 - 1 - - 70 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives - - - - 50 - - - 50 Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments 21 1 4 79 - (2 ) - - 103 Gain on divestitures - - - - - - - (108 ) (108 ) Divestiture-related costs - - 9 5 - 3 - - 17 Operating results from divestitures - - - - - (1 ) - - (1 ) Operating results from short-term distributor agreements - - (3 ) - - - - - (3 ) European Commission legal matter - - 43 - - - - - 43 Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine - - 1 - - - - - 1 Remeasurement of net monetary position 38 - - - - - - - 38 Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 159 $ 246 $ 643 $ 505 $ - $ (113 ) $ (37 ) $ - $ 1 403 Operating Income Margin Reported % 7.9% 14.1% 14.9% 14.9% 12.8% Adjusted % 12.6% 14.2% 18.3% 18.2% 15.1%Schedule 8b Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Segment Data (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2024 Latin America AMEA Europe North America Unrealized G/(L) on Hedging Activities General Corporate Expenses Amortization of Intangibles Other Items Mondelēz International Net Revenue Reported (GAAP) $ 4 926 $ 7 296 $ 13 309 $ 10 910 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 36 441 Short-term distributor agreements - - (25 ) - - - - - (25 ) Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 4 926 $ 7 296 $ 13 284 $ 10 910 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 36 416 Operating Income Reported (GAAP) $ 532 $ 1 192 $ 2 068 $ 2 492 $ 543 $ (330 ) $ (153 ) $ 1 $ 6 345 Simplify to Grow Program 18 10 57 50 - 14 - - 149 Intangible asset impairment charges 5 5 143 - - - - - 153 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives - - - - (543 ) - - - (543 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments 21 10 20 (367 ) - 1 - - (315 ) Inventory step-up - 3 - - - - - - 3 Acquisition-related costs - - - - - - - 3 3 Gain on acquisition - - - - - - - (4 ) (4 ) Divestiture-related costs - - 1 1 - (1 ) - - 1 Operating results from short-term distributor agreements - - (2 ) - - - - - (2 ) European Commission legal matter - - (3 ) - - - - - (3 ) Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine - - 3 - - - - - 3 ERP System Implementation costs 12 9 18 21 - 18 - - 78 Remeasurement of net monetary position 17 (1 ) 15 - - - - - 31 Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 605 $ 1 228 $ 2 320 $ 2 197 $ - $ (298 ) $ (153 ) $ - $ 5 899 Currency-related items 121 45 21 2 - - 2 - 191 Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) $ 726 $ 1 273 $ 2 341 $ 2 199 $ - $ (298 ) $ (151 ) $ - $ 6 090 $ Change - Reported (GAAP) $ 3 $ 79 $ 90 $ 400 n/m $ 26 $ (2 ) n/m $ 843 $ Change - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) (51 ) 105 169 7 n/m 39 (4 ) n/m 265 $ Change - Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) 70 150 190 9 n/m 39 (2 ) n/m 456 % Change - Reported (GAAP) 0.6% 7.1% 4.6% 19.1% n/m 7.3% (1.3)% n/m 15.3% % Change - Adjusted (Non-GAAP) (7.8)% 9.3% 7.9% 0.3% n/m 11.6% (2.7)% n/m 4.7% % Change - Adjusted @ Constant FX (Non-GAAP) 10.7% 13.4% 8.8% 0.4% n/m 11.6% (1.3)% n/m 8.1% Operating Income Margin Reported % 10.8% 16.3% 15.5% 22.8% 17.4% Reported pp change 0.2 pp 0.6 pp 0.1 pp 3.9 pp 2.1 pp Adjusted % 12.3% 16.8% 17.5% 20.1% 16.2% Adjusted pp change (0.8)pp 0.9 pp 0.5 pp (0.2)pp 0.3 pp For the Twelve Months Ended December 31  2023 Latin America AMEA Europe North America Unrealized G/(L) on Hedging Activities General Corporate Expenses Amortization of Intangibles Other Items Mondelēz International Net Revenue Reported (GAAP) $ 5 006 $ 7 075 $ 12 857 $ 11 078 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 36 016 Divestitures - - (174 ) (310 ) - - - - (484 ) Short-term distributor agreements - - (22 ) - - - - - (22 ) Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 5 006 $ 7 075 $ 12 661 $ 10 768 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 35 510 Operating Income Reported (GAAP) $ 529 $ 1 113 $ 1 978 $ 2 092 $ 189 $ (356 ) $ (151 ) $ 108 $ 5 502 Simplify to Grow Program (2 ) 7 91 27 - 8 - - 131 Intangible asset impairment charges - - 6 20 - - - - 26 Mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives - - - - (189 ) - - - (189 ) Acquisition integration costs and contingent consideration adjustments 50 3 19 172 - 2 - - 246 Gain on divestitures - - - - - - - (108 ) (108 ) Divestiture-related costs - - 58 15 - 10 - - 83 Operating results from divestitures - - (59 ) (136 ) - (1 ) 2 - (194 ) Operating results from short-term distributor agreements - - (3 ) - - - - - (3 ) European Commission legal matter - - 43 - - - - - 43 Incremental costs due to war in Ukraine - - (1 ) - - - - - (1 ) Remeasurement of net monetary position 79 - 19 - - - - - 98 Adjusted (Non-GAAP) $ 656 $ 1 123 $ 2 151 $ 2 190 $ - $ (337 ) $ (149 ) $ - $ 5 634 Operating Income Margin Reported % 10.6% 15.7% 15.4% 18.9% 15.3% Adjusted % 13.1% 15.9% 17.0% 20.3% 15.9%Schedule 9 Mondelēz International  Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities to Free Cash Flow (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) For the Twelve MonthsEnded December 31  2024 2023 $ Change Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities (GAAP) $ 4 910 $ 4 714 $ 196 Capital Expenditures (1 387 ) (1 112 ) (275 ) Free Cash Flow (Non-GAAP) $ 3 523 $ 3 602 $ (79 )",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.21,0.68,True,English,"['Mondelēz International Reports', 'FY 2024 Results', 'Q4', 'Net Revenues Organic Net Revenue Growth Q4', 'robust free cash flow generation', 'PY Q4 2024 Vol/Mix Pricing Quarter', 'Dirk Van de Put', 'unprecedented cocoa cost inflation', 'ERP Systems Implementation program', ""FY'24 Free Cash Flow1"", 'Adjusted Gross Profit 1 margin', 'Adjusted Gross Profit margin', 'Organic Net Revenues1', 'Full Year FY 2024 FY 2024', 'incremental net revenue', ""FY'24 Net Revenues"", 'balanced top-line growth', 'long-term growth strategy', 'higher net pricing', 'Mondelēz International', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'chocolate business playbook', 'market gum business', 'higher raw material', 'unfavorable currency-related items', 'Full Year Commentary', 'challenging operating environment', 'lower manufacturing costs', 'Operating Income Margin', 'constant currency basis', ""FY'24 Diluted EPS"", ""FY'24 Cash"", 'bottom-line growth', '4 Gross Profit', 'higher pricing', 'Net Earnings', 'fourth quarter', 'market impacts', ""FY'24 Return"", ""FY'25 outlook"", 'strong year', 'favorable year', 'year change', 'operating activities', 'unfavorable volume/mix', 'operating results', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'strong earnings', 'necessary actions', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'North America', 'Emerging Markets', 'Developed Markets', 'share data', 'Rpt Fx', 'Cst Fx', 'transportation costs', 'significant capital', '2024 results', 'EPS1', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'CHICAGO', 'Feb.', 'Nasdaq', 'MDLZ', 'Fiscal 2024', 'performance', 'Chair', 'teams', 'millions', 'Asia', 'Africa', 'Europe', '4.3 percent', 'acquisition', 'Evirth', '2023 divestiture', 'derivatives', 'increase', 'productivity', '39.1 percent', '37.8']",2025-02-04,2025-02-05,globenewswire.com
48659,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/02/05/euronext-dublin-ceo-sees-springboard-market-launch-by-mid-2025/,Euronext Dublin chief sees ‘springboard’ market launch by mid-2025,Daryl Byrne  chief executive of Euronext Dublin  said development work on establishing a Euronext Access market in Dublin  similar to ones operated by the wider Euronext Group in Paris  Brussels and Lisbon  was completed at the end of January.,Euronext Dublin plans to set up a 'springboard' market for small companies by the middle of this year. Photograph: Alan BetsonA “springboard” market for small companies will be launched by the middle of this year  the head of Euronext Dublin expects  as the operator of the Irish Stock Exchange seeks to reboot listings.Daryl Byrne  chief executive of Euronext Dublin  said development work on establishing a Euronext Access market in Dublin  similar to ones operated by the wider Euronext Group in Paris  Brussels and Lisbon  was completed at the end of January.The exchange plans to wait until at least two initial companies – most likely from the technology sector – are ready to take the plunge before launching the platform. That is expected to occur in the first half of this year  he told The Irish Times on Wednesday  adding that there has been a “good level of inquiries” since Euronext Dublin confirmed its plans last year.Euronext Access markets are designed especially for start-ups and small companies that wish to join a stock exchange to finance growth and gain the reputational advantages of listing but do not meet the criteria for admission to main or even junior Euronext Growth markets.READ MOREThe hope is that some companies joining a Euronext Access market could ultimately uplist to Euronext Growth or  in time  the main market.[ Euronext recoups almost half of Irish exchange purchase as dividends reach €81mOpens in new window ]Only three companies have floated on Dublin in the past six years. In that time  a number of companies have exited the market through take-private deals and  more recently  decisions by former Iseq heavyweights CRH  Flutter Entertainment and Smurfit Westrock to ditch their Irish listings and move their main quotations to New York.The various Euronext Access markets currently have 173 listed companies with a combined market value of €11.8 billion. More than three-quarters of them have a market value of €10 million or less.Rather than offering continuous trading in listed companies when the stock market is open – as with businesses listed on the junior or main market – Euronext Access markets hold two actions a day  at midday and the end of a session.Market observers expect that a concession offered in Budget 2025 for companies to receive tax relief of up to €1 million on flotation expenses will help the establishment of a Euronext Access market in Dublin.Government plans to introduce a stamp duty exemption on share trading in Irish small and medium-sized enterprises – subject to state-aid considerations – should also boost potential investor interest in companies listed on the platform  they added.Officials from Euronext and Irish stockbroking  law and accountancy firms had set up an ad-hoc group – called Irish Equity Market Forum – to draft a pre-budget submission last year to pitch for government support to reboot the domestic equities market.Mr Byrne said the parties that took part in the forum are now looking to set up a formal representative body in the coming months.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.31,0.69,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin chief', 'springboard’ market launch', 'mid', 'various Euronext Access markets', 'junior Euronext Growth markets', 'past six years', 'former Iseq heavyweights', 'stamp duty exemption', 'potential investor interest', 'formal representative body', 'The Irish Times', 'Irish stockbroking, law', 'domestic equities market', 'wider Euronext Group', 'Irish exchange purchase', 'combined market value', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'two initial companies', 'Irish small', 'stock market', 'two actions', 'ad-hoc group', ""springboard' market"", 'springboard” market', 'Market observers', 'Irish listings', 'Euronext Dublin', 'main market', 'Alan Betson', 'Daryl Byrne', 'chief executive', 'development work', 'technology sector', 'good level', 'reputational advantages', 'new window', 'private deals', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Smurfit Westrock', 'New York', 'continuous trading', 'tax relief', 'flotation expenses', 'share trading', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'state-aid considerations', 'accountancy firms', 'pre-budget submission', 'government support', 'Mr Byrne', 'coming months', 'main quotations', 'small companies', 'three companies', '173 listed companies', 'first half', 'READ MORE', 'Government plans', 'middle', 'Photograph', 'head', 'operator', 'Paris', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'January', 'plunge', 'platform', 'Wednesday', 'inquiries', 'start-ups', 'criteria', 'admission', 'hope', 'number', 'decisions', 'CRH', 'three-quarters', 'businesses', 'midday', 'session', 'concession', 'establishment', 'Officials', 'parties', 'forum']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,irishtimes.com
48660,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ontex-reaches-binding-agreement-sell-170000507.html,Ontex reaches binding agreement to sell its Turkish subsidiary to Dilek Grup,ONTEX]  a leading international developer and producer of personal care solutions  announces that it has entered into a binding agreement to sell its Turkish subsidiary to Dilek Grup. The transaction includes Ontex’s business in Türkiye and related export business ,OntexAalst  Belgium  February 5  2025 – Ontex Group NV [EURONEXT: ONTEX]  a leading international developer and producer of personal care solutions  announces that it has entered into a binding agreement to sell its Turkish subsidiary to Dilek Grup. The transaction includes Ontex’s business in Türkiye and related export business  as well as its plant in Istanbul.Ontex’s Turkish subsidiary develops  manufactures  commercializes and distributes predominantly branded personal hygiene products with leading positions in Türkiye and the surrounding regions. Ontex’s Turkish subsidiary generated about €90 million sales in 2024 and is part of Ontex’s Emerging Markets division  which has been classified as discontinued operations.Dilek Grup is an established distributor of fast-moving consumer goods across Türkiye and neighboring countries  and it is diversifying into production of  among others  personal care products.Laurent Nielly  President Europe  comments: “Ontex is very proud of its business in Türkiye and grateful for the team’s resilience and excellence in execution over the past years  thereby building on  and strengthening  a legacy of strong positions and brands. We believe that Dilek Grup is well placed to further invest in and develop the business and the organization towards the next successful chapter in their journey.”With this agreement  Ontex is approaching the conclusion of its strategic refocus on retail and healthcare brands in Europe and North America. Ontex aims to complete the transaction in the course of the third quarter of 2025  subject to approval by the Turkish competition authority.EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Catherine Weyne +32 53 33 36 22 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of baby care  feminine care and adult care products  both for retailers and healthcare. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through retailers and healthcare providers. Employing some 7 500 people  Ontex has a presence in 14 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussel and is a constituent of the Bel Mid® index. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['binding agreement', 'Turkish subsidiary', 'Dilek Grup', 'Ontex', 'Emerging Markets division', 'moving consumer goods', 'next successful chapter', 'Media Catherine Weyne', 'Bel Mid® index', 'personal hygiene products', 'leading international developer', 'personal care solutions', 'personal care products', 'adult care products', 'Turkish competition authority', 'related export business', 'Ontex Group NV', 'innovative products', 'leading positions', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'Turkish subsidiary', 'Dilek Grup', 'Türkiye', 'surrounding regions', '€90 million sales', 'established distributor', 'Laurent Nielly', 'past years', 'strong positions', 'strategic refocus', 'North America', 'third quarter', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'latest news', 'healthcare providers', 'binding agreement', 'President Europe', 'Euronext Brussel', 'neighboring countries', 'ontex.com', 'healthcare brands', '100 countries', '14 countries', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'February', 'producer', 'transaction', 'plant', 'Istanbul', 'part', 'operations', 'production', 'others', 'team', 'resilience', 'excellence', 'execution', 'legacy', 'organization', 'journey', 'conclusion', 'retail', 'course', 'approval', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'relations', 'ontexglobal', 'communications', '7,500 people', 'presence', 'headquarters', 'constituent', 'LinkedIn', 'Attachment']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,finance.yahoo.com
48661,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/group/investors/press_release/thales-announces-two-new-appointments-its-board-directors,Thales announces two new appointments to its Board of Directors,Thales’ Board of Directors (Euronext Paris: HO) which met on February 4  2025  coopted as a Board member Valérie Guillemet  Human Resources Director and member of Dassault Aviation's Executive Committee.,Thales announces two new appointments to its Board of Directors Share this articleLinkedInThales’ Board of Directors (Euronext Paris: HO) which met on February 4  2025  coopted as a Board member Valérie Guillemet  Human Resources Director and member of Dassault Aviation's Executive Committee.Upon the recommendation of Dassault Aviation  Valérie Guillemet is now a Director on Thales’ Board  following Charles Edelstenne  who ended his term on January 9  2025. She will serve the remaining term  until the Ordinary General Meeting called to approve the financial statements for the 2025 financial year.Additionally  Eric Trappier succeeds Charles Edelstenne as a member of the Strategy & CSR Committee  and Valérie Guillemet succeeds Eric Trappier as a member of the Governance and Remuneration Committee.As a result of new appointments by the trade unions of two employee representative directors  Anne-Marie Hunot-Schmit is reappointed in her role and Stéphane Jubault succeeds Nadine Relier-David  for a 4 year term starting December 9  2024. Stéphane Jubault has been appointed as a member of the Strategy & CSR Committee and Anne-Marie Hunot-Schmit remains a member of the Audit and Accounts Committee and the Governance and Compensation Committee.Valérie GUILLEMETGraduate of the “Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l'Aéronautique et de l'Espace (Sup'aero)”  Valérie Guillemet began her career at Dassault Aviation in 1988 as an aerodynamic engineer  then as an aerodynamic synthesis engineer in the Design Department.In 1995  Valérie Guillemet became Head of Mirage 2000 Systems  before heading the Series Systems department in 1999. In 2008  she was appointed Head of the Rafale Production Unit  then Head of the Falcon 7X/8X Production Unit in 2011.In 2014  Valérie Guillemet was appointed Deputy Manager of the Mérignac site  in charge of Production. The following year  she became Manager of the same site.Since July 2019  Valérie Guillemet has held the position of Human Resources Director and she has been a member of Dassault Aviation's Executive Committee.Valérie Guillemet is Chairwoman of the GIFAS Labour Relations Commission and a member of the Board of Directors of ISAE-Supaero. She is also a Knight of the Legion of Honour and an Aeronautics Medalist.Stéphane JUBAULTHolder of a technical baccalaureate and a Joint Qualification Certificate of Metallurgy (CQPM) and Higher Technical Diploma in Electronics (BTS)  Stéphane Jubault began his career in 1986 as a maintenance technician and then as a design draftsman before becoming a repair technician in 1990 ​ for instrument panels at Société Vendômoise d'Avionique  a subsidiary of Thomson-CSF's aerospace division based in Vendôme. In 2007  he began working as an Industrial Methods Technician for several years  before taking on trade union responsibilities.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['two new appointments', 'Thales', 'Board', 'Directors', 'GIFAS Labour Relations Commission', 'Société Vendômoise', 'Ecole Nationale Supérieure', 'Falcon 7X/8X Production Unit', 'two employee representative directors', 'Rafale Production Unit', 'Valérie Guillemet', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'Stéphane Jubault', 'Joint Qualification Certificate', 'two new appointments', 'Mérignac site', 'Higher Technical Diploma', 'trade union responsibilities', 'Human Resources Director', 'Industrial Methods Technician', 'aerodynamic synthesis engineer', 'Series Systems department', 'aerodynamic engineer', 'Vendôme', 'trade unions', 'Design Department', 'Mirage 2000 Systems', 'same site', 'technical baccalaureate', 'maintenance technician', 'repair technician', 'Euronext Paris', 'Dassault Aviation', 'Executive Committee', 'Charles Edelstenne', 'financial statements', '2025 financial year', 'Eric Trappier', 'CSR Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Anne-Marie Hunot-Schmit', 'Nadine Relier-David', 'Accounts Committee', 'Compensation Committee', 'Aéronautique', 'Aeronautics Medalist', 'design draftsman', 'instrument panels', 'aerospace division', 'several years', 'remaining term', '4 year term', 'Deputy Manager', 'Thales’ Board', 'Board member', 'article', 'LinkedIn', 'February', 'recommendation', 'January', 'Strategy', 'Governance', 'result', 'role', 'December', 'Audit', 'Graduate', 'Espace', 'career', 'Head', 'charge', 'July', 'position', 'Chairwoman', 'ISAE-Supaero', 'Knight', 'Legion', 'Honour', 'Holder', 'Metallurgy', 'CQPM', 'Electronics', 'BTS', 'Avionique', 'subsidiary', 'Thomson-CSF']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,thalesgroup.com
48662,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tp-completes-acquisition-zp-better-164500004.html,TP Completes the Acquisition of ‘ZP Better Together’,Teleperformance (TP) (Paris:TEP)  a global leader in digital business services  today announced that it has completed the acquisition of ‘ZP Better Together’  a fast-growing leader in providing language solutions and technology platforms to the deaf and hard of hearing community in the United States.,PARIS  February 05  2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (TP) (Paris:TEP)  a global leader in digital business services  today announced that it has completed the acquisition of ‘ZP Better Together’  a fast-growing leader in providing language solutions and technology platforms to the deaf and hard of hearing community in the United States.The transaction  announced on November 26th  20241  was approved by regulatory authorities. ‘ZP Better Together’ financial accounts will be consolidated by TP as of February 1st  2025.###ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP (TP)TP (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world’s biggest brands and their customers. The Group’s comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group’s local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  TP reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.TP shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  TP shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com.1 TP press release dated from November 26  2024 is available on www.teleperformance.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250205995634/en/ContactsFINANCIAL ANALYSTS AND INVESTORSInvestor relations and financial communication departmentTP GroupTel: +33 1 53 83 59 15investor@teleperformance.comPRESS RELATIONSEuropeKarine Allouis – Laurent PoinsotIMAGE7Tel: +33 1 53 70 74 70teleperformance@image7.frPRESS RELATIONSAmericas and Asia-PacificNicole MillerTP GroupTel: +1 629-899-0675tppublicaffairs@teleperformance.com,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['TP', 'Acquisition', 'ZP', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'financial communication department TP Group', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'front office customer care', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'Nicole Miller TP Group', 'S&P Europe', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'enhanced customer care', 'deferred settlement service', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'digital business services', 'corporate social responsibility', 'PRESS RELATIONS Europe', 'Euronext Paris market', '1 TP press release', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'financial accounts', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS', 'The Group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'TP shares', 'Regulatory News', 'growing leader', 'language solutions', 'technology platforms', 'hearing community', 'United States', 'regulatory authorities', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'source version', 'Karine Allouis', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'Investor relations', 'ZP Better', 'November 26th', 'February 1st', 'TEP FP', 'acquisition', 'deaf', 'transaction', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'teams', 'advisors', 'close', '100 countries', 'force', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'STOXX', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'INVESTORS', 'IMAGE7', 'Americas', 'Asia-Pacific', 'tppublicaffairs', '53']",2025-02-05,2025-02-05,finance.yahoo.com
