UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
2281,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,nan,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-05,2022-04-09,Unknown
2282,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@dgwbirch Yep…SBF is proving the exact utility of blockchain that Clearstream &amp; all the incumbent consortia failed… https://t.co/vM3ACjwfEg,nan,@dgwbirch Yep…SBF is proving the exact utility of blockchain that Clearstream &amp; all the incumbent consortia failed… https://t.co/vM3ACjwfEg,negative,0.01,0.01,0.99,negative,0.01,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['exact utility', 'incumbent consortia', 'dgwbirch', 'SBF', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'amp', 'vM3ACjwfEg', 'exact utility', 'incumbent consortia', 'dgwbirch', 'SBF', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'amp', 'vM3ACjwfEg']",2022-04-05,2022-04-09,Unknown
2351,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@ResGloStocks @hkuppy If Euroclear &amp; Clearstream truly open the lock  then GDR conversion should be possible for al… https://t.co/m3JtzNwP3O,nan,@ResGloStocks @hkuppy If Euroclear &amp; Clearstream truly open the lock  then GDR conversion should be possible for al… https://t.co/m3JtzNwP3O,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['GDR conversion', 'ResGloStocks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'lock', 'm3JtzNwP3O', 'GDR conversion', 'ResGloStocks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'lock', 'm3JtzNwP3O']",2022-04-06,2022-04-09,Unknown
2352,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,MEDICAL EMERGENCY  CLEARSTREAM CT  BLACKHAWK (4/5/2022 11:14:02 PM),nan,MEDICAL EMERGENCY  CLEARSTREAM CT  BLACKHAWK (4/5/2022 11:14:02 PM),neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['MEDICAL EMERGENCY', 'CLEARSTREAM CT', 'BLACKHAWK', '02', 'MEDICAL EMERGENCY', 'CLEARSTREAM CT', 'BLACKHAWK', '02']",2022-04-06,2022-04-09,Unknown
2359,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,New #crypto #ETN‘s available on the ⁦@DeutscheBoerse⁩ platform https://t.co/QZcP6tg4WK,nan,New #crypto #ETN‘s available on the ⁦@DeutscheBoerse⁩ platform https://t.co/QZcP6tg4WK,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['New #crypto #ETN', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'platform', 'co', 'QZcP6tg4WK', 'New #crypto #ETN', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'platform', 'co', 'QZcP6tg4WK']",2022-04-06,2022-04-09,Unknown
2360,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Eurex derivatives business gains ground as Euro-clearing battle heats up - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused ex… https://t.co/4rs0HNte1v,nan,Eurex derivatives business gains ground as Euro-clearing battle heats up - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused ex… https://t.co/4rs0HNte1v,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,True,English,"['Eurex derivatives business', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Euro-clearing battle', 'derivatives-focused', 'Eurex derivatives business', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Euro-clearing battle', 'derivatives-focused']",2022-04-06,2022-04-09,Unknown
2436,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,nan,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2437,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2438,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,nan,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2439,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2440,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,JP Morgan  BNY notify Clearstream of option to cancel depositary receipts of Russian issuers https://t.co/4iIQ4d4GBq,nan,JP Morgan  BNY notify Clearstream of option to cancel depositary receipts of Russian issuers https://t.co/4iIQ4d4GBq,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['JP Morgan', 'depositary receipts', 'Russian issuers', 'BNY', 'Clearstream', 'option', 'iIQ4d4GBq', 'JP Morgan', 'depositary receipts', 'Russian issuers', 'BNY', 'Clearstream', 'option', 'iIQ4d4GBq']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2449,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,nan,Cum-Ex: Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank… https://t.co/AsYzHfmbaW,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cum-Ex', 'Clearstream', 'administrator', 'AsYzHfmbaW']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2450,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex today said its total traded derivatives contracts grew by 26 p… https://t.co/z94ZJs8mRF,nan,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex today said its total traded derivatives contracts grew by 26 p… https://t.co/z94ZJs8mRF,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'derivatives contracts', 'Eurex', 'total', 'z94ZJs8mRF', '26', 'Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'derivatives contracts', 'Eurex', 'total', 'z94ZJs8mRF', '26']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2451,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/TUCWro8zFg,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'TUCWro8zFg']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2452,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,nan,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the central settlement agent for trading in German shares  was sued for abou… https://t.co/SY9qYuOv8w,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'central settlement agent', 'Clearstream unit', 'German shares', 'trading', 'SY9qYuOv8w']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2453,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,nan,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream unit is sued for €27 million by the administrator of now-defunct Maple Bank in a laws… https://t.co/xU8uxsTTsj,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream unit', 'administrator', 'laws', 'xU8uxsTTsj']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2502,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-kindred-group-plc-agm-054800767.html,Notice to Kindred Group plc AGM,"NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (""AGM"") of Kindred Group plc (""the Company"") will be held on Friday 13 May 2022 10.00AM CEST at...","VALLETTA  Malta  April 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (""AGM"") of Kindred Group plc (""the Company"") will be held on Friday 13 May 2022 10.00AM CEST at Kindred's offices located at Regeringsgatan 25 in Stockholm  Sweden for the following purposes:Notice to holders of Swedish Depository Receipts (""SDRs"")The convening notice in full and the agenda of the shareholders meeting together with other AGM papers can be found on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com/AGM.Holders of SDRs who wish to exercise their voting right at the AGM must:(i) be registered in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Tuesday 3 May 2022 (the ""Record Date""); and(ii) no later than Friday 6 May 2022 23:59PM CEST cast their votes following this link: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  navigating to Kindred Group and logging in using BankID. BankID can be used also when voting on behalf of someone  provided the person authorized to vote has access to BankID.Alternatively  votes can be cast by printing and filling out the proxy found at: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or www.kindredgroup.com/AGM and sending it by regular mail or courier to: Kindred Group  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Votes submitted this way must be received by Euroclear no later than Friday 6 May 2022.Requirement (i): Holders of SDRs whose holding is registered in the name of a nominee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the AGM (by proxy)  temporarily register their SDRs in their own name in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by the Record Date. Well before that day such holders must contact their custodian bank or brokerage to request that their holding be temporarily registered in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB before the Record Date.Requirement (ii): When submitting votes via regular mail or courier the proxy needs to be accompanied by supporting documentation showing the undersigned person/s authority to vote on behalf of the SDR holder. The proxy and any Power of Attorney need to be submitted in original. Votes submitted this way must be received by Euroclear no later than Friday 6 May 2022.Story continuesRequirement (iii): As the AGM will be held without people being physically present holders of SDRs who wish to exercise their voting rights must vote electronically  alternatively by regular mail or courier as set out above.In the event you need assistance with  or have questions regarding  the voting procedure you can contact Euroclear via e-mail at generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com or via telephoneon +46 8 402 91 33. Please note that an SDR holder cannot exercise their voting rights via these channels  they are for support purposes only.Holders of SDRs who wish to put a question to the AGM shall send their question so as to arrive at Kindred Group plc  c/o Kindred People  Regeringsgatan 25  111 53  Stockholm  Sweden  no later than 12.00 CEST on Monday 9 May 2022. Answers to the questions will be published on www.kindredgroup.com/AGM.Please note that conversions to and from SDR's and ordinary shares will not be permitted between 29 April and 17 May 2022.Proposed AgendaIt is proposed that the AGM conducts the following business:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes6. Determination that the Meeting has been duly convened7. The CEO's presentationOrdinary Business8. Resolution (a)Declaration of Dividend in cash9. Resolution (b)To receive  consider and approve the Report of the Directors and the Consolidated Financial Statements (Annual Report) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards for the year ended 31 December 2021  together with the Report of the Auditors10. Resolution (c)To approve the remuneration report set out on pages 116-120 of the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 202111. Resolution (d)To determine the number of Board members12. Resolution (e)To determine the Board members' fees13. Resolution (f)To re-elect Peter Boggs as a director of the Company14. Resolution (g)To re-elect Gunnel Duveblad as a director of the Company15. Resolution (h)To re-elect Erik Forsberg as director of the Company16. Resolution (i)To re-elect Carl-Magnus Månsson as director of the Company17. Resolution (j)To re-elect Evert Carlsson as director of the Company18. Resolution (k)To re-elect Fredrik Peyron as director of the Company19. Resolution (l)To re-elect Heidi Skogster as director of the Company20. Resolution (m)To appoint the Chairman of the Board21. Resolution (n)To reappoint PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditors of the Company and to authorise and empower the directors to determine their remuneration22. Resolution (o)Resolution on guidelines for how the Nomination Committee shall be appointedAs Special Business  to consider the following resolutions which will be proposed as Ordinary Resolutions23. Resolution (p)To vote on revisions to the remuneration policy24. Resolution (q)To vote on the introduction of a new three-year stock option to complement the current performance share plan. The proposed stock option entitles the participant to purchase one Kindred SDR at a price of 120% of the Kindred SDR price at the grant date. The recommended stock option plan may in total comprise no more than 0 5% of all issued SDRs/shares in the CompanyAs Special Business  to consider the following resolutions which will be proposed as Extraordinary Resolutions.25. Resolution (r)The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution: it being noted that(i) at a Board of Directors' meeting held on 9 March 2022  the directors resolved to obtain authority to buy back GBP 0.000625 Ordinary Shares/SDRs in the Company (the purpose of the buyback being to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders); and(ii) pursuant to article 106(1) (b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta) a company may acquire any of its own shares otherwise than by subscription  provided inter alia authorisation is given by an extraordinary resolution  which resolution will need to determine the terms and conditions of such acquisitions and in particular the maximum number of shares/SDRs to be acquired  the duration of the period for which the authorisation is given and the maximum and minimum consideration  given this it is proposed that the Company  through the Board  be generally authorised and empowered to make purchases of ordinary shares/SDRs of GBP 0.000625 each in its capital  subject to the following:(a) the maximum number of shares/SDR's that may be so acquired is 23 000 000;(b) the minimum price that may be paid for the shares/SDRs is 1 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(c) the maximum price that may be paid for the shares/SDR's is 300 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(d) the purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  and(e) the authority conferred by this resolution shall expire on the date of the 2023 Annual General Meeting but not so as to prejudice the completion of a purchase contracted before that date.26. Resolution (s)The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolutions:27. Resolution (t)The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution:That the directors be and are hereby duly authorised and empowered in accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  articles 85(1)(b) and 88(7) in the Companies Act  on one or several occasions prior to the date of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  to issue and allot up to a maximum of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company of a nominal value of GBP 0.000625 each (the ""Share Issue Limit"") for payment in kind or through a set-off in connection with an acquisition without first offering the said shares/SDRs to existing SDR holders/shareholders (corresponding to a dilution of about 10 per cent). The Share Issue Limit shall be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back pursuant to Resolution (r) (but excluding shares / SDRs not already bought back by the Company on the date of the adoption of the resolution). This resolution is being taken in terms and for the purposes of the approvals necessary in terms of the Companies Act and the Articles of Association of the Company.Closing of the meetingInformation about proposals related to Agenda itemsAgenda item 2The Nomination Committee proposes that Gunnar Johansson be elected Chairman of the Meeting.Agenda item 8The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of GBP 0.337  which is approximately SEK 4.31 at the exchange rate 12.80 GBP/SEK at 31 March 2022 per SDR/share  to be paid to holders of ordinary shares/ SDRs. In order to facilitate a more efficient cash management  the dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal instalments. If approved at the AGM  the record date for the first instalment will be 17 May 2022 and distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 20 May 2022 with an ex-dividend date of 16 May 2022  and for the second instalment the record date will be 15 November 2022 and distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 18 November 2022 with an ex-dividend date of 14 November 2022. For accounting purposes  the rate of exchange to be used shall be the SEK-GBP rate prevalent on 16 May 2022 and 14 November 2022 respectively.Agenda item 9The 2021 Annual and Sustainability Report was finalised and signed on 11 March 2022 and reflects events up to that date.Agenda item 10The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approves the remuneration report on pages 116-120 of the Company's Annual and Sustainability Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.Agenda item 11The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors should consist of seven Directors.Agenda item 12The Nomination Committee proposes that a total fee of maximum GBP 757 000 (2021: GBP 701 000) be paid to Directors elected at the AGM  who are not employees of the Company.It is proposed that a fee of GBP 190 000 (2021: GBP 180 000) is paid to the Chairperson of the Board.Furthermore  it is proposed that a fee of GBP 63 000 (2021: GBP 60 000) be paid to each other Director  and an additional GBP 25 000 (2021: GBP 23 000) be paid for Audit Committee work and GBP 14 000 (2021: GBP 13 000) for Remuneration Committee work. The members of the US Committee should receive an additional GBP 14 000 (2021: GBP 13 000). An additional GBP 10 000 (2021: GBP 9 000) be paid to the Chairperson of the three Committees. This means that a total fee of maximum GBP 757 000 is proposed  and the total fee is subject to that the Remuneration Committee  the US Committee and the Audit Committee will all be comprised of three members.Agenda item 13-19CVs for Directors are to be found on page 98-99 in the Kindred Group plc Annual and Sustainability Report for 2021 and on the Company's website.Agenda item 20The Nomination Committee proposes that Evert Carlsson is appointed the Chairman of the Board.Agenda item 21The Nomination Committee proposes that PricewaterhouseCoopers are re-appointed as auditors for the Company for 2022 and the Directors are authorised and empowered to determine their remuneration.Agenda item 22The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that  until the general meeting of the shareholders decides otherwise  the Nomination Committee shall consist of not less than four but no more than five members.The members of the Nomination Committee shall represent all shareholders and be appointed by the largest shareholders at the end of August 2022 having expressed their willingness to participate in the Nomination Committee. Should any of these shareholders appoint the Chairman of the Board of Directors to the Nomination Committee  the Nomination Committee shall consist of five members. Otherwise  the Chairman of the Board shall be adjunct to the Nomination Committee. The other members shall be appointed by each of the subsequent largest shareholders expressing their willingness to participate in the Nomination Committee  within one week after they have been so asked. At the appointment of a member to the Nomination Committee  it shall be stated which shareholder that has appointed the member in question. Should a shareholder waive its right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  the opportunity to appoint a member shall be passed to the following largest shareholder which has already not appointed a member to the Nomination Committee.The members of the Nomination Committee shall appoint the committee chair among themselves. The Chairman of the Board shall not chair the Nomination Committee. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be announced no later than the date of the publication of the Company's interim report for the third quarter of 2022.Should the ownership in the Company change  after the announcement of the Nomination Committee but before the end of the fourth quarter of 2022 to such an extent that the members of the Nomination Committee no longer reflect the shareholding structure as stipulated above  and the Nomination Committee so considers appropriate  the member of the Nomination Committee representing the shareholder with the lesser number of shares in the Company shall resign from the committee and the shareholder who has become the larger shareholder in the Company shall  in the order corresponding to its shareholding in the Company  be offered to appoint a new member to the Nomination Committee. Minor changes in the shareholding of the Company shall not be taken into account.Shareholders who have appointed a member to the Nomination Committee have the right to dismiss that member and appoint a new member.Should a member of the Nomination Committee leave his/her assignment prematurely and if the Nomination Committee deems appropriate  a new member shall be appointed by the shareholder who appointed the resigning member or  if the company shareholding structure has changed in the relevant make  by the shareholder who at that point of time has the larger shareholding in the Company.No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee.Agenda item 23The Board of Directors proposes that the 2022 Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration and other terms of employment for the CEO and other members of the Executive Management set forth below. Subject to the shareholder approval  the effective date of these guidelines will be applied retrospectively to 1 January 2022. The intention of the Board of Directors is that these remuneration guidelines will remain in place for four years from the date of approval. The guidelines remain as per those approved last year with exception that we are increasing the minimum shareholding requirement for Executive Management to 2 times annual net base salary in line with our new executive LTIP strategy and the proposed introduction of a new stock options plan as set out in Item 24.Remuneration principles to support Kindred's long-term business strategy and sustainabilityA successful implementation of our remuneration policy will ensure that Kindred can attract and retain the best people  enabling us to execute our business strategy and serve our long-term interests  including our sustainability goals. The policy of the Board is to attract  retain and motivate the best management by rewarding them with competitive compensation packages linked to the Group's financial and strategic objectives. The compensation packages are designed to be competitive  but importantly  also fair and reasonable in comparison with companies of a similar size  industry and international scope  and to strike the appropriate balance between risk and reward.The short-term and long-term incentive plans are designed to support key business strategies and financial objectives and contribute to creating strong  sustainable performance for the Group. The performance measures used for short and long-term incentive plans are closely linked to our strategic objectives for sustainable growth. Performance measures as well as any corresponding targets are reviewed annually by the Committee to ensure that they continue to drive the right behaviours in executive managers and create value for our shareholders.Remuneration guidelines by elementThe components of remuneration for the Executive Management comprise base salary  short-term and long-term incentive plans  pension and other benefits. The remuneration guidelines do not apply to share-based incentive plans  which are subject to a separate resolution at the Annual General Meetings.In the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary levels  incentive structures and employment conditions for other employees of the company have also been considered.Base salaryExecutive managers receive base salaries based on position  responsibilities  performance and competencies.Short-term incentivesShort-term incentives for the Group typically take the form of annual bonuses and are paid in cash. Maximum variable cash-based incentives are capped at 150 percent of base salary.Awards for any short-term incentive plans are contingent on financial measures such as for example EBITDA (aggregated across the Group)  as well as customer experience  sustainability measures and business critical objectives. The Remuneration Committee selects the performance measures  targets and relative weightings at the start of each year to ensure strong alignment with business strategy and that targets are sufficiently stretching. The measures and targets are then reviewed and approved by the Board. Achievement of targets is assessed and formal approval for payment of awards is sought following the publication of the relevant period's financial results.Long-term incentivesThe long-term incentive incentives align the interests of executives with those of shareholders by granting performance shares and share options as a reward for delivery of long-term performance objectives  and for creating value for stakeholders. Performance measures  weightings and targets for these selected measures are set at the start of the 3-year performance/vesting period by the Remuneration Committee to ensure they continue to support Kindred's long-term strategy. The measures and targets are then reviewed and approved by the Board. Performance measures may include  but are not limited to  financial and share-price related measures.PensionPension arrangements for the CEO and the other members of the Executive Management  are provided in the form of defined contribution plans  are competitive and appropriate in context of the market practice in the applicable country of executives' employment or residence and total remuneration.Other benefitsOther benefits that may be provided are in accordance with market practice in the applicable country of executives' employment or residence and may change from time to time. Executive Management members may be eligible for beneﬁts such as health insurance  life insurance  travel allowance  relocation support (where applicable)  and to participate in whatever all-employee plans may be offered at any given point.Share Ownership GuidelineThe Board of Directors believes that the Executive Management members will most effectively pursue the long-term interests of our shareholders if they are shareholders themselves. As a result  we introduced share ownership guidelines which require that the CEO and other Executive Management members need to build up and maintain a minimum shareholding of 2 times net base annual salary to comply with this guideline.Employment contract  termination of employment and severance payExecutive contracts typically have an indefinite duration but may be offered on occasion for fixed term. Upon termination of employment  the notice period may not exceed twelve months. Fixed cash salary during the notice period and any severance pay may not  on a combined basis  exceed an amount equivalent to two years' salary.Upon termination of employment a non-compete clause may restrict the employee from engaging in a competing business. The non-compete clause restriction covers no more than twelve months following termination of employment. During the non-compete clause period Kindred may pay the former employee an amount corresponding to no more than 60 per cent of twelve months' salary.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the remuneration guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors decision to propose remuneration guidelines for the CEO and the Executive Management. Proposal for new remuneration guidelines shall be prepared at least every fourth year and submitted to the Annual General Meeting. The remuneration guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor the annual implementation of these guidelines. In order to avoid any conflict of interest  remuneration is managed through well-defined processes ensuring no individual is involved in the decision-making process related to their own remuneration.Malus & ClawbackThe Board of Directors  under exceptional circumstances  may limit or cancel payments of variable remuneration provided that such actions are deemed reasonable (malus). The Board of Directors shall also have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions and subject to the restrictions that may apply under law or contract  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (clawback).Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if there in an individual case are special circumstances where a deviation is necessary in order to serve the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in respect to remuneration-related matters for the CEO and the Executive Management. This includes any resolutions to temporarily deviate from the guidelines.Agenda item 24Stock option plan for executive managementThe Board of Directors has reviewed remuneration for the executive management team and concluded that the Company would benefit from an introduction of a stock option to complement the current performance share plan to further increasing the top management's alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. The Board proposes that the 2022 Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding a stock option plan to the key executives in Kindred Group which will be used in conjunction with the existing performance share plan (PSP). This means that the long- term incentive plan structure from 2022 and onwards will be split between performance shares and stock options  as outlined below.The proposed plan design is a three-year stock option plan where each stock option entitles the participant to purchase one Kindred SDR at a price of 120% of the Kindred SDR price at the grant date. The options will be granted freely in other locations outside of Sweden (employee stock options)  while participants in Sweden will purchase the warrants at market value. The premium for the warrants in Sweden will be fully subsidised through an additional salary payment  and the subsidy is paid upfront and structured as a retention tool by requiring the participants to pay back the subsidy if they leave the company before exercise. All options can be exercised after the maturity date three years after grant. The total value of the allocation of both stock options and PSP shares will be equivalent to the annual fixed salary for each participant  and divided equally between the two instruments (i.e. 50% stock options / 50% PSP shares).The suggested stock option plan may in total comprise no more than 0 5% of all issued shares in Kindred  and on an accumulated basis the three outstanding plans of 2022-2025 will amount to around 1.4% of dilution. The total estimated cost (including IFRS2) of the 2022 stock option plan is 3.9 GBP millions but will be compensated by a saving of 3.5 GBP millions from 50% a lower allocation of PSP shares to senior executives already mandated by earlier AGMs.Agenda item 25Acquisition of Own SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the acquisition of shares/SDR's shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or via an offer to acquire the shares/SDRs to all shareholders. The purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  prevailing regulations and the capital situation at any given time. Notification of any purchase will be made to Nasdaq Stockholm and details will appear in the Company's annual report and accounts.The objective of the purchase is to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders (including through the implementation of the share buy-back program previously announced)1 and to give the Board increased flexibility with the Company's capital structure.Following the purchase  the intention of the Board would be to either cancel  use as consideration for an acquisition or issue to employees under a Share Option programme (including  if approved  the stock option plan subject of agenda item 24) or Share Performance Scheme.Once purchased under the Maltese Companies Act further shareholder approval will be required before those shares could be cancelled only. Shares/SDRs bought back pursuant to the Company's share buy-back program will be cancelled (refer to Agenda item 25). A separate authorisation for such cancellation is being recommended pursuant to Resolution (s);If used as consideration for an acquisition  the intention would be that the actual Shares/SDRs would be offered to any potential transferor.Agenda item 26Share cancellationThe directors may decide to cancel all or some of shares/SDRs acquired pursuant to the buy-back program.The Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the laws of Malta) stipulates that an extraordinary resolution of the shareholders of the Company is required in order to approve the reduction in the issued share capital of the Company.Such resolution needs to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in Malta  who will publish details of such reduction. Creditors of the Company will then have a period of three months in which they can contest the reduction in capital. Upon the lapse of the three-month period  assuming that no contestations are received  the reduction in share capital can become effective.In order to reflect the changes in the issued share capital  a revised memorandum of association of the Company indicating the reduced number of shares then in issue in the capital of the Company will need to be submitted to the Registrar of Companies.The reduction in issued share capital will take place at such intervals and in such amounts (subject to the maximum amount of GBP 14 375) as the directors shall determine from time to time.Agenda item 27Share issueThe objectives of the authorisation to be granted in terms of this resolution are to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and to enable the Company to use its own financial instruments for payment in kind or through a set-off to a selling partner in connection with any business acquisitions the Company may undertake or to settle any deferred payments in connection with business acquisitions. The market value of the shares/SDRs on each issue date that will be used in determining the price at which shares/SDRs will be issued  should be the same as the market value of the shares/SDRs listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. A cap of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company is being requested in connection with this authorisation. The cap will be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back pursuant to Resolution (r) (but excluding shares / SDRs not already bought back by the Company on the date of the adoption of the resolution).The Annual Report in English together with other documents regarding the AGM are available on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com /AGM .For information on how personal data are processed please seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfBy order of the BoardKindred Group plcMalta  April 2022NOTE1. A member entitled to vote at the meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to vote on his or her behalf. A proxy need not also be a member.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/kindred-group/r/notice-to-kindred-group-plc-agm c3542652The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/824/3542652/1561668.pdf Kindred AGM 2022 NoticeCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-kindred-group-plc-agm-301520683.htmlSOURCE Kindred Group",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Kindred Group plc AGM', 'Notice', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'Carl-Magnus Månsson', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'presentation Ordinary Business', 'two person(s', 'Kindred Group plc', ""Board members' fees"", 'other AGM papers', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ordinary shares', 'following business', 'Special Business', 'following purposes', 'voting right', 'Record Date', 'custodian bank', 'supporting documentation', 'voting procedure', 'support purposes', 'voting list', 'The CEO', 'Peter Boggs', 'Gunnel Duveblad', 'Erik Forsberg', 'Evert Carlsson', 'Fredrik Peyron', 'Heidi Skogster', 'Nomination Committee', 'Annual Report', 'regular mail', 'Tuesday 3 May', 'Monday 9 May', 'SDR holder', 'Kindred People', '10.00AM CEST', 'Friday 6 May', 'convening notice', 'remuneration report', '13 May', '17 May', 'VALLETTA', 'Malta', 'April', 'Company', 'offices', 'Regeringsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'holders', 'SDRs', 'full', 'agenda', 'website', 'kindredgroup', 'register', '59PM', 'votes', 'link', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'BankID', 'behalf', 'someone', 'access', 'courier', 'Box', 'Requirement', 'holding', 'name', 'nominee', 'brokerage', 'authority', 'Power', 'Attorney', 'original', 'Story', 'event', 'assistance', 'questions', 'generalmeetingservice', 'telephone', 'channels', 'Answers', 'conversions', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'Declaration', 'Dividend', 'cash', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'year', '31 December', 'Auditors', 'pages', 'number', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'guidelines', '12.', '9.', '13.', '15.', '21.', '22.']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2503,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-kindred-group-plc-agm-301520683.html,Notice to Kindred Group plc AGM,"VALLETTA  Malta  April 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (""AGM"") of Kindred Group plc (""the Company"") will be held on Friday 13 May 2022 10.00AM CEST at Kindred's offices located at Regeringsgatan 25 in Stockholm  …","VALLETTA  Malta  April 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (""AGM"") of Kindred Group plc (""the Company"") will be held on Friday 13 May 2022 10.00AM CEST at Kindred's offices located at Regeringsgatan 25 in Stockholm  Sweden for the following purposes:Notice to holders of Swedish Depository Receipts (""SDRs"")The convening notice in full and the agenda of the shareholders meeting together with other AGM papers can be found on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com/AGM.Holders of SDRs who wish to exercise their voting right at the AGM must:(i) be registered in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Tuesday 3 May 2022 (the ""Record Date""); and(ii) no later than Friday 6 May 2022 23:59PM CEST cast their votes following this link: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  navigating to Kindred Group and logging in using BankID. BankID can be used also when voting on behalf of someone  provided the person authorized to vote has access to BankID.Alternatively  votes can be cast by printing and filling out the proxy found at: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or www.kindredgroup.com/AGM and sending it by regular mail or courier to: Kindred Group  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Votes submitted this way must be received by Euroclear no later than Friday 6 May 2022.Requirement (i): Holders of SDRs whose holding is registered in the name of a nominee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the AGM (by proxy)  temporarily register their SDRs in their own name in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by the Record Date. Well before that day such holders must contact their custodian bank or brokerage to request that their holding be temporarily registered in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB before the Record Date.Requirement (ii): When submitting votes via regular mail or courier the proxy needs to be accompanied by supporting documentation showing the undersigned person/s authority to vote on behalf of the SDR holder. The proxy and any Power of Attorney need to be submitted in original. Votes submitted this way must be received by Euroclear no later than Friday 6 May 2022.Requirement (iii): As the AGM will be held without people being physically present holders of SDRs who wish to exercise their voting rights must vote electronically  alternatively by regular mail or courier as set out above.In the event you need assistance with  or have questions regarding  the voting procedure you can contact Euroclear via e-mail at [email protected] or via telephoneon +46 8 402 91 33. Please note that an SDR holder cannot exercise their voting rights via these channels  they are for support purposes only.Holders of SDRs who wish to put a question to the AGM shall send their question so as to arrive at Kindred Group plc  c/o Kindred People  Regeringsgatan 25  111 53  Stockholm  Sweden  no later than 12.00 CEST on Monday 9 May 2022. Answers to the questions will be published on www.kindredgroup.com/AGM.Please note that conversions to and from SDR's and ordinary shares will not be permitted between 29 April and 17 May 2022.Proposed AgendaIt is proposed that the AGM conducts the following business:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes6. Determination that the Meeting has been duly convened7. The CEO's presentationOrdinary Business8. Resolution (a)Declaration of Dividend in cash9. Resolution (b)To receive  consider and approve the Report of the Directors and the Consolidated Financial Statements (Annual Report) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards for the year ended 31 December 2021  together with the Report of the Auditors10. Resolution (c)To approve the remuneration report set out on pages 116-120 of the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 202111. Resolution (d)To determine the number of Board members12. Resolution (e)To determine the Board members' fees13. Resolution (f)To re-elect Peter Boggs as a director of the Company14. Resolution (g)To re-elect Gunnel Duveblad as a director of the Company15. Resolution (h)To re-elect Erik Forsberg as director of the Company16. Resolution (i)To re-elect Carl-Magnus Månsson as director of the Company17. Resolution (j)To re-elect Evert Carlsson as director of the Company18. Resolution (k)To re-elect Fredrik Peyron as director of the Company19. Resolution (l)To re-elect Heidi Skogster as director of the Company20. Resolution (m)To appoint the Chairman of the Board21. Resolution (n)To reappoint PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditors of the Company and to authorise and empower the directors to determine their remuneration22. Resolution (o)Resolution on guidelines for how the Nomination Committee shall be appointedAs Special Business  to consider the following resolutions which will be proposed as Ordinary Resolutions23. Resolution (p)To vote on revisions to the remuneration policy24. Resolution (q)To vote on the introduction of a new three-year stock option to complement the current performance share plan. The proposed stock option entitles the participant to purchase one Kindred SDR at a price of 120% of the Kindred SDR price at the grant date. The recommended stock option plan may in total comprise no more than 0 5% of all issued SDRs/shares in the CompanyAs Special Business  to consider the following resolutions which will be proposed as Extraordinary Resolutions.25. Resolution (r)The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution: it being noted that(i) at a Board of Directors' meeting held on 9 March 2022  the directors resolved to obtain authority to buy back GBP 0.000625 Ordinary Shares/SDRs in the Company (the purpose of the buyback being to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders); and(ii) pursuant to article 106(1) (b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta) a company may acquire any of its own shares otherwise than by subscription  provided inter alia authorisation is given by an extraordinary resolution  which resolution will need to determine the terms and conditions of such acquisitions and in particular the maximum number of shares/SDRs to be acquired  the duration of the period for which the authorisation is given and the maximum and minimum consideration  given this it is proposed that the Company  through the Board  be generally authorised and empowered to make purchases of ordinary shares/SDRs of GBP 0.000625 each in its capital  subject to the following:(a) the maximum number of shares/SDR's that may be so acquired is 23 000 000;(b) the minimum price that may be paid for the shares/SDRs is 1 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(c) the maximum price that may be paid for the shares/SDR's is 300 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(d) the purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  and(e) the authority conferred by this resolution shall expire on the date of the 2023 Annual General Meeting but not so as to prejudice the completion of a purchase contracted before that date.26. Resolution (s)The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolutions:27. Resolution (t)The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution:That the directors be and are hereby duly authorised and empowered in accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  articles 85(1)(b) and 88(7) in the Companies Act  on one or several occasions prior to the date of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  to issue and allot up to a maximum of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company of a nominal value of GBP 0.000625 each (the ""Share Issue Limit"") for payment in kind or through a set-off in connection with an acquisition without first offering the said shares/SDRs to existing SDR holders/shareholders (corresponding to a dilution of about 10 per cent). The Share Issue Limit shall be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back pursuant to Resolution (r) (but excluding shares / SDRs not already bought back by the Company on the date of the adoption of the resolution). This resolution is being taken in terms and for the purposes of the approvals necessary in terms of the Companies Act and the Articles of Association of the Company.Closing of the meetingInformation about proposals related to Agenda itemsAgenda item 2The Nomination Committee proposes that Gunnar Johansson be elected Chairman of the Meeting.Agenda item 8The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of GBP 0.337  which is approximately SEK 4.31 at the exchange rate 12.80 GBP/SEK at 31 March 2022 per SDR/share  to be paid to holders of ordinary shares/ SDRs. In order to facilitate a more efficient cash management  the dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal instalments. If approved at the AGM  the record date for the first instalment will be 17 May 2022 and distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 20 May 2022 with an ex-dividend date of 16 May 2022  and for the second instalment the record date will be 15 November 2022 and distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 18 November 2022 with an ex-dividend date of 14 November 2022. For accounting purposes  the rate of exchange to be used shall be the SEK-GBP rate prevalent on 16 May 2022 and 14 November 2022 respectively.Agenda item 9The 2021 Annual and Sustainability Report was finalised and signed on 11 March 2022 and reflects events up to that date.Agenda item 10The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approves the remuneration report on pages 116-120 of the Company's Annual and Sustainability Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.Agenda item 11The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors should consist of seven Directors.Agenda item 12The Nomination Committee proposes that a total fee of maximum GBP 757 000 (2021: GBP 701 000) be paid to Directors elected at the AGM  who are not employees of the Company.It is proposed that a fee of GBP 190 000 (2021: GBP 180 000) is paid to the Chairperson of the Board.Furthermore  it is proposed that a fee of GBP 63 000 (2021: GBP 60 000) be paid to each other Director  and an additional GBP 25 000 (2021: GBP 23 000) be paid for Audit Committee work and GBP 14 000 (2021: GBP 13 000) for Remuneration Committee work. The members of the US Committee should receive an additional GBP 14 000 (2021: GBP 13 000). An additional GBP 10 000 (2021: GBP 9 000) be paid to the Chairperson of the three Committees. This means that a total fee of maximum GBP 757 000 is proposed  and the total fee is subject to that the Remuneration Committee  the US Committee and the Audit Committee will all be comprised of three members.Agenda item 13-19CVs for Directors are to be found on page 98-99 in the Kindred Group plc Annual and Sustainability Report for 2021 and on the Company's website.Agenda item 20The Nomination Committee proposes that Evert Carlsson is appointed the Chairman of the Board.Agenda item 21The Nomination Committee proposes that PricewaterhouseCoopers are re-appointed as auditors for the Company for 2022 and the Directors are authorised and empowered to determine their remuneration.Agenda item 22The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that  until the general meeting of the shareholders decides otherwise  the Nomination Committee shall consist of not less than four but no more than five members.The members of the Nomination Committee shall represent all shareholders and be appointed by the largest shareholders at the end of August 2022 having expressed their willingness to participate in the Nomination Committee. Should any of these shareholders appoint the Chairman of the Board of Directors to the Nomination Committee  the Nomination Committee shall consist of five members. Otherwise  the Chairman of the Board shall be adjunct to the Nomination Committee. The other members shall be appointed by each of the subsequent largest shareholders expressing their willingness to participate in the Nomination Committee  within one week after they have been so asked. At the appointment of a member to the Nomination Committee  it shall be stated which shareholder that has appointed the member in question. Should a shareholder waive its right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  the opportunity to appoint a member shall be passed to the following largest shareholder which has already not appointed a member to the Nomination Committee.The members of the Nomination Committee shall appoint the committee chair among themselves. The Chairman of the Board shall not chair the Nomination Committee. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be announced no later than the date of the publication of the Company's interim report for the third quarter of 2022.Should the ownership in the Company change  after the announcement of the Nomination Committee but before the end of the fourth quarter of 2022 to such an extent that the members of the Nomination Committee no longer reflect the shareholding structure as stipulated above  and the Nomination Committee so considers appropriate  the member of the Nomination Committee representing the shareholder with the lesser number of shares in the Company shall resign from the committee and the shareholder who has become the larger shareholder in the Company shall  in the order corresponding to its shareholding in the Company  be offered to appoint a new member to the Nomination Committee. Minor changes in the shareholding of the Company shall not be taken into account.Shareholders who have appointed a member to the Nomination Committee have the right to dismiss that member and appoint a new member.Should a member of the Nomination Committee leave his/her assignment prematurely and if the Nomination Committee deems appropriate  a new member shall be appointed by the shareholder who appointed the resigning member or  if the company shareholding structure has changed in the relevant make  by the shareholder who at that point of time has the larger shareholding in the Company.No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee.Agenda item 23The Board of Directors proposes that the 2022 Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration and other terms of employment for the CEO and other members of the Executive Management set forth below. Subject to the shareholder approval  the effective date of these guidelines will be applied retrospectively to 1 January 2022. The intention of the Board of Directors is that these remuneration guidelines will remain in place for four years from the date of approval. The guidelines remain as per those approved last year with exception that we are increasing the minimum shareholding requirement for Executive Management to 2 times annual net base salary in line with our new executive LTIP strategy and the proposed introduction of a new stock options plan as set out in Item 24.Remuneration principles to support Kindred's long-term business strategy and sustainabilityA successful implementation of our remuneration policy will ensure that Kindred can attract and retain the best people  enabling us to execute our business strategy and serve our long-term interests  including our sustainability goals. The policy of the Board is to attract  retain and motivate the best management by rewarding them with competitive compensation packages linked to the Group's financial and strategic objectives. The compensation packages are designed to be competitive  but importantly  also fair and reasonable in comparison with companies of a similar size  industry and international scope  and to strike the appropriate balance between risk and reward.The short-term and long-term incentive plans are designed to support key business strategies and financial objectives and contribute to creating strong  sustainable performance for the Group. The performance measures used for short and long-term incentive plans are closely linked to our strategic objectives for sustainable growth. Performance measures as well as any corresponding targets are reviewed annually by the Committee to ensure that they continue to drive the right behaviours in executive managers and create value for our shareholders.Remuneration guidelines by elementThe components of remuneration for the Executive Management comprise base salary  short-term and long-term incentive plans  pension and other benefits. The remuneration guidelines do not apply to share-based incentive plans  which are subject to a separate resolution at the Annual General Meetings.In the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary levels  incentive structures and employment conditions for other employees of the company have also been considered.Base salaryExecutive managers receive base salaries based on position  responsibilities  performance and competencies.Short-term incentivesShort-term incentives for the Group typically take the form of annual bonuses and are paid in cash. Maximum variable cash-based incentives are capped at 150 percent of base salary.Awards for any short-term incentive plans are contingent on financial measures such as for example EBITDA (aggregated across the Group)  as well as customer experience  sustainability measures and business critical objectives. The Remuneration Committee selects the performance measures  targets and relative weightings at the start of each year to ensure strong alignment with business strategy and that targets are sufficiently stretching. The measures and targets are then reviewed and approved by the Board. Achievement of targets is assessed and formal approval for payment of awards is sought following the publication of the relevant period's financial results.Long-term incentivesThe long-term incentive incentives align the interests of executives with those of shareholders by granting performance shares and share options as a reward for delivery of long-term performance objectives  and for creating value for stakeholders. Performance measures  weightings and targets for these selected measures are set at the start of the 3-year performance/vesting period by the Remuneration Committee to ensure they continue to support Kindred's long-term strategy. The measures and targets are then reviewed and approved by the Board. Performance measures may include  but are not limited to  financial and share-price related measures.PensionPension arrangements for the CEO and the other members of the Executive Management  are provided in the form of defined contribution plans  are competitive and appropriate in context of the market practice in the applicable country of executives' employment or residence and total remuneration.Other benefitsOther benefits that may be provided are in accordance with market practice in the applicable country of executives' employment or residence and may change from time to time. Executive Management members may be eligible for beneﬁts such as health insurance  life insurance  travel allowance  relocation support (where applicable)  and to participate in whatever all-employee plans may be offered at any given point.Share Ownership GuidelineThe Board of Directors believes that the Executive Management members will most effectively pursue the long-term interests of our shareholders if they are shareholders themselves. As a result  we introduced share ownership guidelines which require that the CEO and other Executive Management members need to build up and maintain a minimum shareholding of 2 times net base annual salary to comply with this guideline.Employment contract  termination of employment and severance payExecutive contracts typically have an indefinite duration but may be offered on occasion for fixed term. Upon termination of employment  the notice period may not exceed twelve months. Fixed cash salary during the notice period and any severance pay may not  on a combined basis  exceed an amount equivalent to two years' salary.Upon termination of employment a non-compete clause may restrict the employee from engaging in a competing business. The non-compete clause restriction covers no more than twelve months following termination of employment. During the non-compete clause period Kindred may pay the former employee an amount corresponding to no more than 60 per cent of twelve months' salary.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the remuneration guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors decision to propose remuneration guidelines for the CEO and the Executive Management. Proposal for new remuneration guidelines shall be prepared at least every fourth year and submitted to the Annual General Meeting. The remuneration guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor the annual implementation of these guidelines. In order to avoid any conflict of interest  remuneration is managed through well-defined processes ensuring no individual is involved in the decision-making process related to their own remuneration.Malus & ClawbackThe Board of Directors  under exceptional circumstances  may limit or cancel payments of variable remuneration provided that such actions are deemed reasonable (malus). The Board of Directors shall also have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions and subject to the restrictions that may apply under law or contract  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (clawback).Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if there in an individual case are special circumstances where a deviation is necessary in order to serve the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in respect to remuneration-related matters for the CEO and the Executive Management. This includes any resolutions to temporarily deviate from the guidelines.Agenda item 24Stock option plan for executive managementThe Board of Directors has reviewed remuneration for the executive management team and concluded that the Company would benefit from an introduction of a stock option to complement the current performance share plan to further increasing the top management's alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. The Board proposes that the 2022 Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding a stock option plan to the key executives in Kindred Group which will be used in conjunction with the existing performance share plan (PSP). This means that the long- term incentive plan structure from 2022 and onwards will be split between performance shares and stock options  as outlined below.The proposed plan design is a three-year stock option plan where each stock option entitles the participant to purchase one Kindred SDR at a price of 120% of the Kindred SDR price at the grant date. The options will be granted freely in other locations outside of Sweden (employee stock options)  while participants in Sweden will purchase the warrants at market value. The premium for the warrants in Sweden will be fully subsidised through an additional salary payment  and the subsidy is paid upfront and structured as a retention tool by requiring the participants to pay back the subsidy if they leave the company before exercise. All options can be exercised after the maturity date three years after grant. The total value of the allocation of both stock options and PSP shares will be equivalent to the annual fixed salary for each participant  and divided equally between the two instruments (i.e. 50% stock options / 50% PSP shares).The suggested stock option plan may in total comprise no more than 0 5% of all issued shares in Kindred  and on an accumulated basis the three outstanding plans of 2022-2025 will amount to around 1.4% of dilution. The total estimated cost (including IFRS2) of the 2022 stock option plan is 3.9 GBP millions but will be compensated by a saving of 3.5 GBP millions from 50% a lower allocation of PSP shares to senior executives already mandated by earlier AGMs.Agenda item 25Acquisition of Own SharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the acquisition of shares/SDR's shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or via an offer to acquire the shares/SDRs to all shareholders. The purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  prevailing regulations and the capital situation at any given time. Notification of any purchase will be made to Nasdaq Stockholm and details will appear in the Company's annual report and accounts.The objective of the purchase is to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders (including through the implementation of the share buy-back program previously announced)1 and to give the Board increased flexibility with the Company's capital structure.Following the purchase  the intention of the Board would be to either cancel  use as consideration for an acquisition or issue to employees under a Share Option programme (including  if approved  the stock option plan subject of agenda item 24) or Share Performance Scheme.Once purchased under the Maltese Companies Act further shareholder approval will be required before those shares could be cancelled only. Shares/SDRs bought back pursuant to the Company's share buy-back program will be cancelled (refer to Agenda item 25). A separate authorisation for such cancellation is being recommended pursuant to Resolution (s);If used as consideration for an acquisition  the intention would be that the actual Shares/SDRs would be offered to any potential transferor.Agenda item 26Share cancellationThe directors may decide to cancel all or some of shares/SDRs acquired pursuant to the buy-back program.The Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the laws of Malta) stipulates that an extraordinary resolution of the shareholders of the Company is required in order to approve the reduction in the issued share capital of the Company.Such resolution needs to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in Malta  who will publish details of such reduction. Creditors of the Company will then have a period of three months in which they can contest the reduction in capital. Upon the lapse of the three-month period  assuming that no contestations are received  the reduction in share capital can become effective.In order to reflect the changes in the issued share capital  a revised memorandum of association of the Company indicating the reduced number of shares then in issue in the capital of the Company will need to be submitted to the Registrar of Companies.The reduction in issued share capital will take place at such intervals and in such amounts (subject to the maximum amount of GBP 14 375) as the directors shall determine from time to time.Agenda item 27Share issueThe objectives of the authorisation to be granted in terms of this resolution are to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and to enable the Company to use its own financial instruments for payment in kind or through a set-off to a selling partner in connection with any business acquisitions the Company may undertake or to settle any deferred payments in connection with business acquisitions. The market value of the shares/SDRs on each issue date that will be used in determining the price at which shares/SDRs will be issued  should be the same as the market value of the shares/SDRs listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. A cap of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company is being requested in connection with this authorisation. The cap will be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back pursuant to Resolution (r) (but excluding shares / SDRs not already bought back by the Company on the date of the adoption of the resolution).The Annual Report in English together with other documents regarding the AGM are available on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com /AGM .For information on how personal data are processed please seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfBy order of the BoardKindred Group plcMalta  April 2022NOTE1. A member entitled to vote at the meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to vote on his or her behalf. A proxy need not also be a member.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/kindred-group/r/notice-to-kindred-group-plc-agm c3542652The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/824/3542652/1561668.pdf Kindred AGM 2022 NoticeSOURCE Kindred Group",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,True,English,"['Kindred Group plc AGM', 'Notice', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'Carl-Magnus Månsson', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'presentation Ordinary Business', 'two person(s', 'Kindred Group plc', ""Board members' fees"", 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other AGM papers', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ordinary shares', 'following business', 'Special Business', 'following purposes', 'voting right', 'Record Date', 'custodian bank', 'supporting documentation', 'voting procedure', 'support purposes', 'voting list', 'The CEO', 'Peter Boggs', 'Gunnel Duveblad', 'Erik Forsberg', 'Evert Carlsson', 'Fredrik Peyron', 'Heidi Skogster', 'Nomination Committee', 'following resolutions', 'Annual Report', 'regular mail', 'Tuesday 3 May', 'Monday 9 May', 'SDR holder', 'Kindred People', '10.00AM CEST', 'Friday 6 May', 'convening notice', 'remuneration report', '13 May', '17 May', 'VALLETTA', 'Malta', 'April', 'Company', 'offices', 'Regeringsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'holders', 'SDRs', 'full', 'agenda', 'website', 'kindredgroup', 'register', '59PM', 'votes', 'link', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'BankID', 'behalf', 'someone', 'access', 'courier', 'Box', 'Requirement', 'holding', 'name', 'nominee', 'brokerage', 'authority', 'Power', 'Attorney', 'original', 'event', 'assistance', 'questions', 'email', 'telephone', 'channels', 'Answers', 'conversions', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Declaration', 'Dividend', 'cash', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'year', '31 December', 'Auditors', 'pages', 'number', '14. Resolution', '17. Resolution', '20. Resolution', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'guidelines', '12.', '9.', '13.', '15.', '21.', '22.']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,prnewswire.com
2504,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-aak-ab-publ-301520738.html,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of AAK AB (publ.),KARLSHAMN  Sweden  April 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AAK AB (publ.) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  May 18  2022 at 2:00 p.m. at the premises of Malmö Arena  Hyllie Stationstorg 2 in Malmö  Swed…,"KARLSHAMN  Sweden  April 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AAK AB (publ.) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  May 18  2022 at 2:00 p.m. at the premises of Malmö Arena  Hyllie Stationstorg 2 in Malmö  Sweden. The registration for the Annual General Meeting starts at 1:00 p.m.Practical information regarding the Annual General MeetingNotice of the Annual General Meeting is published in a press release  in Post- och Inrikes Tidningar (""the Swedish Official Gazette"") and at www.aak.com. In addition  an advertisement is placed in Svenska Dagbladet. For environmental reasons  please note that the notice will not be printed and distributed by post. AAK will not provide bus transport to the Annual General Meeting as in previous years.A. CONDITIONS FOR ATTENDANCEShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must be recorded in the Shareholders' Register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  May 10  2022  and must also notify the company of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting not later than Thursday  May 12  2022. The notification of attendance  which may be made in accordance with any of the alternatives specified below  shall state name  address  day-time telephone number  personal or corporate identity number  and the number of shares held. Shareholders who intend to bring assistance shall notify this within the same time limits as for the notification of their own attendance. Shareholders represented by an authorized representative should enclose a proxy in original to their notification. A proxy form is available for downloading on the company website  www.aak.com  and will also be sent by post to shareholders notifying the company and informing the company of their address. Representative of a legal entity shall submit a copy of the registration certificate or corresponding papers of authorization evidencing the persons authorized to act on behalf of the legal entity.Address: AAK AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden (please mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2022"")Telephone: +46 8 402 90 45Website: www.aak.comIn order to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders with nominee-registered shares must request their bank or broker to have the shares temporarily owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB. Such re-registration must be executed no later than Tuesday  May 10  2022. The shareholders must therefore notify the nominee of their request to have the shares re-registered in due time before May 10  2022. Voting rights registration requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Thursday  May 12  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.B. AGENDA1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of agenda.5. Nomination of persons to verify the Minutes of the Meeting.6. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been properly convened.7. Report by the Managing Director.8. Presentation of the Annual Report  the Auditor's Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Group Auditor's Report for the financial year 2021 and the statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives that have applied since the preceding Annual General Meeting.9. Resolutions as to:a) adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  as per December 31  2021;b) appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet and resolution on record date; andc) discharge from liability of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Determination of the number of Directors of the Board.11. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and auditor.12. Election of members of the Board of Directors and auditor.13. Proposal regarding the Nomination Committee.14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.15. Proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration of senior executives.16. Resolution on proposal of the Board of Directors for implementation of a long-term incentive program including resolutions on (A) issue of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 and (B) transfer of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 (Incentive Program 2022/2027) to replace Incentive Program 2021/2026 resolved by the Annual General Meeting 2021.17. Proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues.18. Proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares.19. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Election of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2022  consisting of Chairman Märta Schörling Andreen (Melker Schörling AB)  Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder)  Peter Lööw (Alecta) and Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Investment Management) has proposed that Georg Brunstam shall be elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting 2022.Proposal regarding the appropriation of the company's profit (item 9 b)The Board of Directors has proposed that a dividend of SEK 2.50 per share be declared for the financial year 2021. As record day for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Friday  May 20  2022. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  May 25  2022.Proposal regarding the election of the Board of Directors  auditor and determination of fees (items 10-12)The Nomination Committee has proposed the following:- The number of directors shall be five without any deputy directors.- The total fee payable to the Board of Directors shall be SEK 3 200 000 (including remuneration for committee work) to be distributed among the directors as follows: SEK 975 000 to the Chairman and SEK 425 000 to each of the other directors elected at a general meeting and not employed by the company. Remuneration for committee work shall be payable as follows: SEK 250 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 125 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee. The auditor shall be remunerated in accordance with agreement.- Re-election of the Board members Märta Schörling Andreen  Marianne Kirkegaard  Gun Nilsson  Georg Brunstam and Patrik Andersson.- Re-election of Georg Brunstam as Chairman of the Board.- Re-election of the accounting firm KPMG AB  for a period of mandate of one year  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  consequently up to and including the Annual General Meeting 2023  whereby the accounting firm has informed that the authorized public accountant Jonas Nihlberg will be appointed as auditor in charge.Proposal regarding the Nomination Committee (item 13)Shareholders  jointly representing approximately 44 percent of the shares and votes in the company as per February 28  2022  have notified the company of their proposal regarding Nomination Committee.Proposal regarding Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2023- The Nomination Committee shall have four members.- Re-election of Märta Schörling Andreen (Melker Schörling AB)  Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder) and Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Investment Management) and new election of William McKechnie (Alecta) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2023.- Re-election of Märta Schörling Andreen as Chairman of the Nomination Committee.- In case a shareholder  represented by a member of the Nomination Committee  is no longer one of the major shareholders of AAK AB  or if a member of the Nomination Committee is no longer employed by such shareholder or for any other reason leaves the Nomination Committee before the Annual General Meeting 2023  the Committee shall be entitled to appoint another representative among the major shareholders to replace such member.Tasks of the Nomination CommitteePrior to the Annual General Meeting 2023  the Nomination Committee shall prepare and submit proposals for the election of Chairman and other members of the Board of Directors  the election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  fees to the Board of Directors and auditor and matters related thereto  the election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee and  in conjunction with the Audit Committee  election of auditor and in other respects pursue the tasks that  according to the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance  are the responsibility of a nomination committee.Approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board's remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives as follows.These guidelines include the CEO and the persons who during the period the guidelines apply are included in the Group management. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityAAK's business strategy is described on AAK's website  www.aak.com.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Warrants programs have been implemented in the company for senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group. The programs have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. For more information regarding the programs  see AAK's Annual Report 2021  note 8. The Board proposes the Annual General Meeting 2022 to resolve on the implementation of a new subscription warrants program for senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group (Incentive Program 2022/2027) to replace Incentive Program 2021/2026 resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting 2021. In total  Incentive Program 2022/2027 comprises approximately 50 senior executives and key employees within the Group. The program entails that the participants are offered to acquire subscription warrants at market value  with the option price in part subsidized by AAK. The term of the subscription warrants is five years. The program is clearly linked to the business strategy and thereby to the company's long-term value creation  including its sustainability. The general meeting resolves on implementation of the program and the program is therefore excluded from these guidelines.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The annual variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 120 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Pension entitlements for senior executives shall apply from the age of 60 years at the earliest. For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits to the extent required by applicable mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  life insurance  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  duly adjustments may be made for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed 12 months if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for two years. The period of notice may not exceed six months without any right to severance pay when termination is made by the executive.In addition  remuneration for any commitment to restrict competition can be paid. Such remuneration shall compensate for any loss of income and shall only be paid to the extent that the former executive has no right to severance pay. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination and shall be paid during the period the non-compete restriction applies  which shall not exceed 12 months after the termination of employment.Criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  etc.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They can also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development.The criteria mainly applied are linked to the development of operating profit  return on capital employed and earnings per share. The criteria shall also be linked to the fulfilment of predetermined sustainability criteria (ESG - Environmental  Social and Governance). The criteria thereby contribute to the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable cash remuneration to the CEO and other executives. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The increase of the gap between the remuneration to senior executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent in relation to the company and company management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. The Board of Directors shall annually draw up a remuneration report that shall be presented to the Annual General Meeting for approval.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the shareholders' opinions are consideredNo material amendments have been made to the guidelines. In relation to the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted on the Annual General Meeting 2021  the guidelines have been adjusted so that the annual variable cash remuneration may amount to maximum 120 percent instead of 110 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.No remarks on the remuneration guidelines have emerged.Proposal of the Board of Directors for implementation of a long-term incentive program including resolutions on (A) issue of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 and (B) transfer of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 (Incentive Program 2022/2027) to replace Incentive Program 2021/2026 resolved by the Annual General Meeting 2021 (item 16)The Annual General Meeting in the company held on May 7  2021 resolved on a long-term incentive program for senior executives and certain key employees within the AAK Group including a directed issue of subscription warrants and approval of transfer of subscription warrants. Since no subscription warrants have been subscribed for or transferred to participants in the program  the Board of Directors has deemed it appropriate to propose to the Annual General Meeting to resolve to replace the incentive program resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting 2021 with a new long-term incentive program for senior executives and certain key employees within the AAK Group (""Incentive Program 2022/2027"") including resolutions on (A) a directed issue of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 and (B) approval of transfer of subscription warrants in Incentive Program 2022/2027 on essentially the following terms and conditions.A. Issue of subscription warrants series 2022/2027The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves:that the company shall issue a maximum of five million (5 000 000) subscription warrants entitling to subscription for new shares in AAK AB by which the share capital may be increased by a total of maximum SEK 8 333 333.33   whereby it is noted that the amount exceeding the quota value shall be transferred to the non-restricted share premium account; that the issue is made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and the right to subscribe for the subscription warrants shall be granted to AAK Invest AB  a wholly-owned subsidiary of AAK AB; that the subscription warrants shall be issued free of charge; that subscription for the subscription warrants shall be made on August 31  2022 at the latest  with a right for the Board of Directors to prolong this time limit; that each subscription warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in AAK AB with a quota value of SEK 1.67 ; that subscription for shares in AAK AB by exercise of the subscription warrants may take place during the period from and including September 1  2025 up to and including August 31  2027 ; that the subscription price per share shall correspond to 120 percent of the volume weighted average price according to Nasdaq Stockholm's official price list for the share in the company during the period from and including May 5  2022 up to and including May 18  2022   but not lower than the share's quota value; and that shares that have been issued by virtue of the subscription warrants  will entitle to dividend for the first time on the first record date for dividend occurring after subscription of shares through exercise of subscription warrants has been executed.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is that AAK AB wishes to introduce an incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the Group  whereby they will be offered the opportunity to take part in a value increase of the company's share. This is expected to increase the interest in the company's development and to stimulate a continued company loyalty over the forthcoming years. An incentive program is also expected to contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent  motivated and committed employees.B. Transfer of subscription warrants in Incentive Program 2022/2027Incentive Program 2022/2027 shall principally be carried out in accordance with what is stated below.The subscription warrants shall towards payment be transferred by AAK Invest AB  on one or several occasions  to senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group  in accordance with the guidelines stated below. AAK Invest AB shall otherwise dispose of the subscription warrants for the fulfilment of the obligations under Incentive Program 2022/2027. Transfer in accordance with item B.1 shall be made at a market value at the time of transfer  which shall be determined by an independent valuation institute in accordance with the Black & Scholes valuation method. The valuation model is based on the variables risk-free interest rate  volatility  the term of the subscription warrants  expected share dividends during the term of the subscription warrants  the current share price  and the subscription price for shares when exercising the subscription warrants (strike price). The company will by means of a cash bonus subsidize part of the participants' acquisition of warrants through payment to the participants of an extra cash bonus that  after individual tax  corresponds to maximum 65 percent of the amount invested by the respective participant in Incentive Program 2022/2027 up to the offered level in accordance with the guidelines below. Only premiums for warrants up to and including the offered level for each participant in accordance with the guidelines below are subsidized. This bonus will be paid out with one fourth (1/4) annually starting one year after acquisition  and with the last payment approximately four (4) years after the acquisition and requires that before each payment the respective participant  with certain exceptions  is still an employee of the AAK Group and still holds the acquired warrants or  where applicable  the shares subscribed through exercising the warrants. The Board of Directors may  if deemed necessary in individual cases  resolve on alternative payment schedules or that bonus under certain circumstances will not be paid or may be reclaimed  subject to the limitations which may follow from applicable law. The Board of Directors of AAK AB shall be entitled to decide on the allotment of subscription warrants to approximately 50 senior executives and key employees within the Group in accordance with the following guidelines:Category Position Number of subscription warrants I CEO 500 000 II Member of Group management (10 persons) 300 000 III Directly reporting to theGroup management (approximately 30 persons) 90 000 IV Other senior executives and key employees(approximately 10 persons) 30 000The participants can choose to apply for a lower number of subscription warrants than set out above. If the total number of subscription warrants that the entitled senior executives and key employees wish to acquire exceeds the maximum number of subscription warrants that can be issued  reduction shall be made proportionally to each person's quantity in relation to the guidelines set forth above. There will be no guaranteed allotment. A participant has the right to subscribe for a larger number of warrants than set out in the guidelines above and may be allotted additional warrants corresponding to a maximum of 100 percent of what is set out in the guidelines above if full subscription in the program has not been made. If such oversubscription is made  allotment shall be made to the oversubscribing participants pro rata in relation to the number of subscription warrants that they have been allotted in the first allotment. Any remaining warrants  which have not been allotted in accordance with the above  shall be reserved for future recruitment of persons within the above eligible categories  whereby the above guidelines for allotment shall be applicable. The reason why any future employees or promoted employees may be granted subscription warrants at such a time that the time between the allotment and the subscription period for shares may be less than three years  is that the Board of Directors deems it important that such employees  for the reasons applicable to Incentive Program 2022/2027 in general  are given the opportunity to take part in a value growth in the company's share already at the beginning of their employment.Dilution  effect on key ratios and costsAt full subscription of the proposed issue of subscription warrants  and full exercise of the subscription warrants  the share capital may be increased by a total of maximum SEK 8 333 333.33  which is equivalent to approximately 1.9 percent of the company's present share capital. This corresponds to a total dilution of maximum approximately 1.9 percent in relation to the share capital on a fully diluted basis  calculated as the number of new shares in proportion to the number of existing and new shares.Other important key ratios will  at full subscription of the proposed issue and full exercise of all subscription warrants issued in the program  be affected as follows (based on the corresponding key ratios in the year-end report for 2021 and a preliminary valuation of the future capital contribution within the scope of Incentive Program 2022/2027)- earnings per share: reduction by SEK 0.13 from SEK 6.71 to SEK 6.58;- equity per share: increase by SEK 3.03 from SEK 45.58 to SEK 48.61; it being assumed that the warrant holders have exercised the warrants for subscription of new shares by the end of the first quarter 2022.The above is subject to re-calculations of the subscription warrants in accordance with the customary terms of re-calculation in the complete terms and conditions.The subscription warrant program is expected to have a marginal impact on the company's financial ratios. Therefore  no measures to secure the program are planned to take place. The total costs associated with the subscription warrant program  including the directed issue  the subsequent transfer of warrants and the subsidy  assuming full participation  is expected to amount to approximately SEK 150 million  which is distributed over the term of the program of five (5) years. The amount includes estimated costs relating to social security contributions and administrative costs for the program.Preparation of the proposalThe warrants program has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and the Board with advice from external experts. The proposal has been resolved upon by the Board. The CEO has not participated in the preparation of the proposal.Previous incentive programs in AAKFor a description of AAK's other share-related incentive programs  please see the company's Annual Report 2021  note 8. Apart from the program presented therein  there are no other share-related incentive programs in AAK.Majority requirementsThe proposal of the Board of Directors pursuant to item 16 A-B above requires a resolution by the general meeting supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  resolve on new issues of shares. The authorization shall also include the right to resolve on new issues of shares with terms concerning issues in kind  offset rights or other terms stated in Chapter 13  Section 5  first paragraph  6 in the Swedish Companies Act. By resolutions in accordance with the authorization  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time of when the Board of Directors first uses the authorization.The purpose of any deviation from the shareholders' preferential right as set out above is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues of shares may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  share issues by virtue of the authorization shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall be authorized to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board to carry out the issues.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Managing Director  or anyone appointed by the Managing Director  shall have the right to make any adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).The resolution requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares (item 18)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares. Repurchase of shares may be made at a maximum of so many shares that the company's holding does not exceed two (2) percent of the total number of shares in the company from time to time. Repurchase of shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of shares may be made at a maximum of two (2) percent of the total number of shares in the company from time to time. Transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Payment for transferred shares can be made in cash  through an issue in kind or set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors. The purpose of the authorizations is to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value and to enable acquisition opportunities by financing acquisitions with the company's own shares.The resolution requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.C. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION REGARDING NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe accounts and the auditor's report (the Annual Report)  the Board's remuneration report and the complete proposals of the Board of Directors with respect to items 15-18 and all related documents and the statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives will be available to the shareholders at the company at the address Skrivaregatan 9  SE-215 32 Malmö  Sweden  and at the company's website www.aak.com as from Wednesday  April 27  2022. Copies of the documents will be sent on request to shareholders who state their postal address and will also be available on the company website www.aak.com and at the Annual General Meeting.The total number of shares and votes in the company amount at the time of issuance of this notice to 258 506 556. All shares are of the same class.D. INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall at the Annual General Meeting  if a shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  (ii) circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or information concerning (iii) the company's relation with other companies within the Group. Shareholders may submit questions in advance by mail to the company at the address AAK AB (publ.)  Group Legal Counsel  Skrivaregatan 9  SE-215 32 Malmö  Sweden  or by e-mail to [email protected].E. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Malmö in April 2022AAK AB (publ.)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Gabriella GrotteHead of IR and Corporate CommunicationsMobile: +46 737 16 80 01E-mail: [email protected]This is a non-official translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.The information was submitted for publication at 10:00 a.m. CET on April 8  2022.About AAKEverything AAK does is about Making Better Happen™. We specialize in plant-based oils that are the value-adding ingredients in many of the products people love to consume. We make these products better tasting  healthier  and more sustainable. At the heart of AAK's offer is Customer Co-Development  combining our desire to understand what better means for each customer  with the unique flexibility of our production assets  and a deep knowledge of many products and industries  including Chocolate & Confectionery  Bakery  Dairy  Plant-based Foods  Special Nutrition  Foodservice and Personal Care. Our 4 000 employees support our close collaboration with customers through 25 regional sales offices  15 dedicated Customer Innovation Centers  and with the support of more than 20 production facilities. Listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and with our headquarters in Malmö  Sweden  AAK has been Making Better Happen for more than 150 years.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/aak-ab/r/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-aak-ab--publ- c3542851The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/871/3542851/1561879.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE AAK AB",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,negative,0.03,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AAK AB', 'Invitation', 'publ', 'Chairman Märta Schörling Andreen', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'Post- och Inrikes Tidningar', 'preceding Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Official Gazette', 'subscription warrants series', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'new share issues', 'corporate identity number', 'same time limits', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'long-term incentive program', 'Consolidated Income Statement', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Voting rights registration', 'day-time telephone number', 'share register', 'voting list', 'financial year', 'Annual Report', 'AAK AB', 'Hyllie Stationstorg', 'Practical information', 'press release', 'Svenska Dagbladet', 'environmental reasons', 'bus transport', 'previous years', 'A. CONDITIONS', 'state name', 'legal entity', 'corresponding papers', 'Such re-registration', 'due time', 'Managing Director', 'senior executives', 'record date', 'Gerge Fond', 'registration certificate', 'Malmö Arena', 'authorized representative', 'proxy form', 'B. AGENDA', 'Henrik Didner', 'registered shares', 'Group Auditor', ""Shareholders' Register"", 'remuneration report', 'company website', 'KARLSHAMN', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'premises', 'Notice', 'addition', 'advertisement', 'ATTENDANCE', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'Thursday', 'notification', 'accordance', 'alternatives', 'address', 'personal', 'assistance', 'original', 'copy', 'authorization', 'persons', 'behalf', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'envelope', 'order', 'nominee', 'bank', 'broker', 'request', 'account', 'preparation', 'Opening', 'Election', 'approval', 'Minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'December', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Board', 'Directors', 'fees', 'members', 'Proposal', 'implementation', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'item', 'respect', '2:00', '1:00', '101', '9.']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,prnewswire.com
2508,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QLEANAIR-AB-PUBL-85625533/news/QleanAir-NOTICE-TO-ATTEND-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-IN-QLEANAIR-AB-PUBL-40004910/,QleanAir : NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN QLEANAIR AB (PUBL),1 day ago,"Press Release08 April 2022 15:30:00 CESTNOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN QLEANAIR AB (PUBL)The shareholders in QleanAir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556879-4548  are hereby given notice to attend the annual general meeting at 11:00 a.m. on Thursday 12 May 2022 at QleanAir's offices at Torggatan 13 in Solna  Sweden. Registration for the meeting commences at 10:30 a.m.NoticeShareholders wishing to participate at the meeting must:(i) be entered in the shareholders' register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation)  on the record day which is Wednesday 4 May 2022; and(ii) notify the company of their attendance and any assistant no later than Friday 6 May 2022. Notification can be made via letter to Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB  Attn: Anna af Petersens  P.O. Box 1050  SE-101 39 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail toanna.afpetersens@setterwalls.seNotification shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and daytime telephone number and  where appropriate  information about representative  proxy and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two. In order to facilitate entry to the meeting  notification should  where appropriate  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Nominee registered sharesShareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must request temporary entry in the transcription of the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so-called voting rights registration) in order to be entitled to participate and vote for their shares at the meeting. The shareholder must inform the nominee well in advance of Wednesday 4 May 2022  at which time the register entry must have been made. Voting rights registration that has been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Friday 6 May 2022  will  however  be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proxy votingA shareholder represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall also be accompanied by registration certificate or  if not applicable  equivalent documents of authority. Power of attorney forms for those shareholders wishing to participate by proxy will be available on the company's websitewww.qleanair.com. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding how your personal data is processed in connection with the annual general meeting  please refer to the privacy policy on Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://www.euroclear. com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.QleanAir AB • Box 1178 Torggatan 13 • 171 54 Solna SwedenPress Release08 April 2022 15:30:00 CESTProposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting;2. 3. 4. 5.Preparation and approval of the voting list; Approval of the agenda;Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting; Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened;6. Submission of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as of the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the group;7. Resolution in respect of adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet as well as of the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet;8. Resolution in respect of allocation of the company's profits according to the adopted balance sheet;9. Resolution in respect of the members of the board of directors' and the CEO's discharge from liability;10. Determination of the number of members of the board of directors as well as of the number of auditors;11. Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and the auditor;12. Election of members of the board of directors and auditor;13. Resolution on changes to guidelines for remuneration to the senior management;14. Resolution on implementation of a long-term incentive programme for senior management and other key individuals by way of (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer of warrants;15. Resolution on an authorisation for the board of directors to increase the share capital;16. Closing of the meeting.The nomination committee's proposed resolutionsThe nomination committee is composed of the nomination committee's chairman Magnus Hardmeier (appointed by Qevirp 41 Ltd)  Oskar Börjesson (appointed by Livförsäkringsbolaget Skandia and Skandia Fonder)  Dan Pitulia (appointed by Calandrella) and Bengt Engström  chairman of the board of directors of the company. The nomination committee has presented the following proposed resolutions in relation to items 1 and 10-12 in the proposed agenda. The nomination committee has found no reason to present any proposal for the amendment of the principles for the appointment of and instructions concerning a nomination committee  adopted at the extraordinary general meeting held on 7 October 2019 and applicable until otherwise decided by the general meeting. The principles are available at the company's website.Item 1. Election of chairmanOlof Reinholdsson (Setterwalls Advokatbyrå) is proposed as chairman of the meeting.Items 10-12. Election of and remuneration to the board of directors and the auditorThe board of directors today consists of the following five (5) ordinary members without deputy members: Bengt Engström (chairman)  Mats Hjerpe  Johan Westman  Towe Ressman and Johan Ryrberg. It is proposed that the board of directors shall consist of six (6) ordinary members without deputy members for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Furthermore  it is proposed that a registered accounting firm shall be elected as auditor.QleanAir AB • Box 1178 Torggatan 13 • 171 54 Solna SwedenPress Release08 April 2022 15:30:00 CESTIt is proposed that the fees payable to the board of directors for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting shall amount to a total of SEK 1 750 000 out of which SEK 500 000 shall be paid to the chairman and SEK 250 000 to each of the other ordinary members.The nomination committee recommends members of the board of directors to acquire shares in the company for a certain part of the remuneration after taxes. The nomination committee proposes that board members (who do not already have such holdings) on a yearly basis acquire shares in QleanAir corresponding to a minimum of 20 per cent of the board remuneration  after taxes  excluding any remuneration for committee work resolved by the general meeting. The nomination committee furthermore proposes that the board member refrains from divesting such holding for the entire period during which the board member remains a member of the company's board of directors.It is proposed that the company's auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.It is proposed that all current board members are to be re-elected and that Sebastian Lindström is new-elected as board member for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.Furthermore  Bengt Engström is proposed to be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.The accounting firm Grant Thornton (Grant Thornton Sweden AB) is proposed to be re-elected as auditor. The accounting firm has notified that Anders Meyer will remain as auditor in charge.Information on the board member proposed to be new-elected:Sebastian Lindström  born 1965  Master of Science degree in Industrial Economics and Management from Linköping University  provides the board with broad commercial experience and expertise.During the past 20 years  Sebastian has held several C-level positions in private equity owned companies; deputy CEO of Granngården  interim COO of Bodilsen A/S  and CEO of Atea Holding AB.During the past five years  Sebastian has been CEO at Crem International. He is independent in relation to the company and management and in relation to the company's major shareholders.Further information regarding the proposed board members will be held available at the company's websitewww.qleanair.com.The board of directors' proposed resolutionsThe board of directors of the company has presented the following proposed resolutions in relation to items 8 and 13-15 in the proposed agenda.Item 8. Allocation of the company's profitsThe board of directors proposes that a total of SEK 22 288 800 of the distributable funds is distributed to the shareholders  corresponding to a dividend of SEK 1.50 per share. The board of directors further proposes that the record date for dividends shall be on Tuesday 17 May 2022. The dividend is paid out through Euroclear Sweden AB  and is estimated to be paid out three business days after the record date (i.e. Friday 20 May 2022).Item 13. Resolution on changes to guidelines for remuneration to the senior managementThe annual general meeting held on 13 May 2020 adopted guidelines for remuneration to and other employment conditions for the senior management applicable for the time being but until latest until the annual general meeting to be held in 2024. The guidelines are available at the company's website.Pursuant to the guidelines  variable remuneration shall amount to a maximum of 75 percent of theQleanAir AB • Box 1178 Torggatan 13 • 171 54 Solna SwedenPress Release08 April 2022 15:30:00 CESTfixed remuneration for the CEO and a maximum of 50 percent of the fixed remuneration for other members of the senior management. The board of directors' proposal is to change the aforementioned limits to a maximum of 112.5 percent for the CEO and a maximum of 75 percent for other members of the senior management. The changes shall be applicable on agreements entered into and changes to existing agreements after the annual general meeting. Besides the aforementioned  the adopted guidelines shall remain unchanged.Item 14. Resolution on implementation of a long-term incentive programme for senior management and other key individuals by way of (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer of warrants The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on implementation of a long-term incentive programme (""Warrant programme 2022/2025"") for senior management and other key individuals by way of (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer of warrants on the terms and conditions set forth below. The warrants shall entitle to subscription of new shares in the company.Background and reason for proposalAs of today  there are two share related incentive programmes for senior management and other key individuals. Please refer to ""Existing share related incentive programmes"" below for more information. The board of directors is of the opinion that share related incentive programmes strengthen the retention of those participating and motivates them to create shareholder value. The board of directors assess that these objectives are in line with all shareholders' interests and annually evaluates whether to propose share related incentive programs at the annual general meeting.This proposal has been presented in order to enable an increased commitment for senior management and other key individuals already participating in the existing incentive programmes as well as to enable participation in a share related incentive programme for persons within the aforementioned categories (incl. new-recruitments) not participating in the existing incentive programmes.The incentive programme shall encompass existing and future senior management and other key individuals of the company group as set forth below (the ""Participants""). Board members of the company will not be allowed to participate.Terms and conditions for the issue of warrants1. The company shall issue no more than 150 076 warrants of which no more than 136 834 warrants of series 2022/2025:A and no more than 13 242 warrants of series 2022/2025:B. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new share in the company  each with a quotient value of SEK 0.50. If all warrants are subscribed  transferred to and exercised by the Participants for subscription of new shares  the company's share capital will increase by SEK 75 038 of which SEK 68 417 in relation to warrants of series 2022/2025:A and SEK 6 621 in relation to warrants of series 2022/2025:B (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with customary terms and conditions to be applicable in relation to the warrants).2. The warrants may  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  only be subscribed for by the company and/or its subsidiaries after which they are to be transferred to the Participants in accordance with the resolution adopted by the general meeting and instructions from the company's board of directors. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the warrants are to be used within the proposed incentive programme.QleanAir AB • Box 1178 Torggatan 13 • 171 54 Solna SwedenPress Release08 April 2022 15:30:00 CEST3. Subscription of warrants shall be made on a subscription list on 15 June 2022 at the latest. The board of directors shall be entitled to prolong the subscription period.4. The company is not to pay anything for the warrants. The subscription price to be paid by a subsidiary for each warrant shall correspond to the theoretical market value of the warrants  calculated by an independent valuation agent engaged by the company by use of the Black & Scholes valuation model. The period of measurement for such calculation shall correspond to the period of measurement of the Exercise Price (as defined below) in accordance with item 6 below. Payment is to be made in connection with subscription of warrants and not later than on 15 June 2022. The board of directors shall be entitled to prolong the time period for payment.5. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares during the period from and including 1 June 2025 until and including 31 December 2025. Subscription of new shares may however not take place during so-called closed periods according to the EU Market Abuse Regulation  or otherwise in breach of relevant insider rules and regulations (including the company's internal guidelines in this respect). Warrants that have not been exercised for subscription of new shares by 31 December 2025 shall lapse.6. Each warrant shall entitle the warrant holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the company at a subscription price per share (the ""Exercise Price"") corresponding to 130 percent of the volume weighted average trading price for the company's share on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market during a period of ten (10) trading days immediately following the annual general meeting. If no trading price is recorded for a particular trading day within the specified period  such day shall not be taken into account  but the period shall instead be extended forwards in time with the number of succeeding trading days required for the period to comprise ten (10) trading days with a recorded trading price. Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account. The Exercise Price thus calculated shall be rounded off to the nearest whole SEK 0.01  whereupon SEK 0.005 shall be rounded upwards.7. Warrants of series 2022/2025:A shall also be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Schedule A to the board of directors' complete proposal and warrants of series 2022/2025:B shall also be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Schedule B to the board of directors' complete proposal.8. The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Transfer of warrants to the ParticipantsThe warrants are to be transferred to the Participants against a premium payable by the Participants corresponding to the theoretical market value of the warrants as of the date of transfer  calculated by an independent valuation agent engaged by the company by use of the Black & Scholes valuation model. Warrants may be transferred to the Participants free-of-charge provided that it does not entail negative tax consequences for the company group (only applicable with respect to Participants in other jurisdictions than Sweden). The market value is preliminary estimated to SEK 2.95 per warrant  based on a market value of the underlying share corresponding to SEK 39.50  assuming an Exercise Price of SEK 51.34.The board of directors of the company shall resolve upon allocation to Participants in accordanceQleanAir AB • Box 1178 Torggatan 13 • 171 54 Solna Sweden",neutral,0.03,0.88,0.09,negative,0.04,0.38,0.58,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'QLEANAIR AB', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'Livförsäkringsbolaget Skandia', 'Anna af Petersens', 'long-term incentive programme', 'Oskar Börjesson', 'Bengt Engström', 'consolidated financial statements', 'P.O. Box', 'other key individuals', 'daytime telephone number', 'chairman Magnus Hardmeier', 'voting rights registration', 'Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB', 'personal identification number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'corporate registration number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Skandia Fonder', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'personal data', 'consolidated profit', 'registration certificates', 'QLEANAIR AB', 'annual report', 'Press Release', 'Clearing Organisation', 'record day', 'mail toanna', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'original version', 'privacy policy', 'Box 1178 Torggatan', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'senior management', 'directed issue', 'share capital', 'nomination committee', 'Qevirp 41 Ltd', 'Dan Pitulia', 'Thursday 12 May', 'Friday 6 May', 'Proxy voting', 'temporary entry', 'register entry', 'full name', 'Solna Sweden', 'Wednesday 4 May', ""shareholders' register"", 'attorney forms', '08 April', 'CEST', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', '11:00 a', 'offices', '10:30 a', 'company', 'attendance', 'assistant', 'Notification', 'letter', 'Attn', 'Stockholm', 'afpetersens', 'address', 'information', 'representative', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'transcription', 'advance', 'account', 'preparation', 'websitewww', 'Processing', 'connection', 'ESw', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'auditor', 'group', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profits', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'changes', 'guidelines', 'remuneration', 'implementation', 'way', 'warrants', 'transfer', 'authorisation', 'Closing', 'Calandrella', 'following', 'relation', 'items', 'reason', 'proposal', 'amendment', '10.', '14.']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,marketscreener.com
2509,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/POLYGIENE-AB-PUBL--39436377/news/Polygiene-Notice-of-annual-shareholders-meeting-in-Polygiene-AB-40001355/,Polygiene : Notice of annual shareholders' meeting in Polygiene AB,1 day ago,"Notice of annual shareholders' meeting in Polygiene AB Report this content Fri  Apr 08  2022 12:30 CETThe English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.The shareholders of Polygiene AB  Reg. No. 556692-4287  are hereby invited to attend the annual shareholders' meeting to be held on Wednesday 11 May 2022.The board of directors has decided that the annual shareholders' meeting will be held only by advance voting (postal vote) in accordance with temporary legislation. This means that the annual shareholders' meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders  proxies or external parties and that shareholders' exercise of voting rights at the annual shareholders' meeting can only take place by shareholders voting in advance in the order prescribed below. Information on the resolutions passed by the annual shareholders' meeting will be published on Wednesday 11 May 2022  as soon as the outcome of the advance voting is finally compiled.Right to participate and notificationShareholders wishing to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting by advance voting must:partly be listed in the company's share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday 3 May 2022; andpartly have notified their participation no later than Tuesday 10 May 2022 by casting their advance vote to the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Voting in advance"" below so that the advance vote is received by the company no later than that day.Trustee registered sharesShareholders whose shares are trustee-registered in the name of a bank or other trustee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the annual shareholders' meeting by advance voting  request the trustee to register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB (so called ""voting rights registration""). Such voting rights registration must be implemented by the trustee no later than as of Thursday 5 May 2022. Accordingly  shareholders must well in advance before this date notify their trustee of their request of such voting rights registration.Voting in advanceShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the annual shareholders' meeting only by voting in advance  so called postal voting in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of shareholders' meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the company's website (ir.polygiene.com). The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the annual shareholders' meeting. The completed voting form must be submitted to Polygiene no later than on Tuesday 10 May 2022. The completed and signed form shall be sent to Polygiene AB  Att. Emilié Fredriksson  Styrmansgatan 2  SE-211 18 Malmö  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically and is to be sent to emilie.fredriksson@polygiene.com. If a shareholder votes in advance through a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. A proxy form is available on the company's website (ir.polygiene.com). If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting. Election of Chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the register of voters. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to confirm the minutes. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Submission of the Annual Report and Audit Report and the Consolidated Annual Report and the Consolidated Audit Report. Resolution on:adoption of the profit and loss statement and balance sheet and the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet; distribution of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet; and discharge from liability for the members of the board and the CEO.Determination of:the number of board members and deputies. the number of auditors and deputy auditors.Determination of:remuneration for the board members. remuneration for the auditor.Election of board members and Chairman of the board.Jonas Wollin (re-election). Håkan Lagerberg (re-election). Martin Kössler (re-election). Pamela Ravasio (re-election). Paul Morris (re-election). Rajesh Varma (new election). Chairman of the board: Jonas Wollin (re-election).Election of auditor. Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association. Resolution on authorization regarding issues. Resolution on implementation of a warrant program by way of (A) directed issue of warrants; and (B) approval of transfer of warrants. Closing of the meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2: Election of Chairman of the meetingThe Nomination Committee  consisting of Håkan Lagerberg (Chairman) representing Håkan Lagerberg  Paul Morris  representing Paul Morris with family  Rajesh Varma  representing DNCA Investments  and the Chairman of the board  Jonas Wollin  proposes that lawyer Ola Grahn is elected as Chairman of the meeting or  in his absence  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee instead.Item 3: Preparation and approval of the register of votersThe register of voters that is proposed to be approved is the register of voters prepared by the company  based on the share register of the meeting and received advance votes  controlled by the person approving the minutes of the meeting.Item 5: Election of one or two persons to confirm the minutesNina Forsvallis proposed to  together with the Chairman  confirm the minutes of the meeting  or  in her absence  the person appointed by the board of directors instead. The assignment to confirm the minutes also includes controlling the register of voters and that received advance votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes.Item 8 b): Resolution on distribution of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheetAvailable for the annual shareholders' meeting is the following (TSEK)share premium reserve474 820retained losses -32 822result of the year 3 004445 002The board proposes that no dividends are paid and that available funds of TSEK 445 002 are carried forward.Item 9 a): Determination of the number of board members and deputiesThe Nomination Committee proposes that six ordinary board members  without deputies  are elected until the end of the next annual shareholders' meeting.Item 9 b): Determination of the number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that one registered public audit firm  without deputy  is elected as the audit firm until the end of the next annual shareholders' meeting.Item 10 a): Determination of remuneration for the board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the board shall be paid with SEK 350 000 to the Chairman of the board (SEK 225 000 previous year) and with SEK 200 000 to each of the other board members (SEK 125 000 previous year).Item 10 b): Determination of remuneration for the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with customary norms and approved invoice.Item 11: Election of board members and Chairman of the boardThe Nomination Committee proposes that Jonas Wollin  Håkan Lagerberg  Martin Kössler  Pamela Ravasio and Paul Morris are re-elected as ordinary board members and that Rajesh Varma is elected as new ordinary board member. Furthermore  the Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Jonas Wollin as Chairman of the board. The present board member Johan Thiel has declined re-election.Rajesh Varma   born 1965  is a graduate of the University of Michigan (BSE 1986 and MBA 1988). He began his career at Fidelity in Hong Kong as an analyst covering Asian markets. Between 1991 and 1993 he worked in a hedge fund in Hong Kong (Arral Associates - the first Asian hedge fund) covering Asia and technology. In 1993  he set up an Asia hedge fund at KI Pacific AM based in London. In 1997  he joined Montgomery AM in San Francisco as fund manager specializing in several global sectors. At the end of 2000  he moved to Paris  where he worked for two years at Eurazeo. Rajesh joined Carmignac Gestion in December 2002 where he managed global funds focusing on new technologies  healthcare and renewable energies  participating in Asian stock-picking for the whole range of funds. He joined the DNCA Finance management team in September 2010. His focus on long term strategy and views on rapidly changing technologies and their ensuing effects are well complemented by his background in engineering and finance.Rajesh Varma´s other assignments include: Board member of JMATEK and SMITCH.Rajesh Varma holds no shares in the company. Rajesh Varma is considered to be independent in relation to the company and its senior management  but not in relation to major shareholders.Information on the board members who are proposed for re-election can be found in the Annual Report and at (ir.polygiene.com).Item 12: Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that Grant Thornton Sweden AB is re-elected as auditor. Grant Thornton Sweden AB has informed that Per Kjellander will continue to be appointed as the responsible auditor.Item 13: Resolution on amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe board of directors proposes that the annual shareholders' meeting resolves to change the company's company name from Polygiene AB to Polygiene Group AB and that the following provisions in the Articles of Association regarding the company's share capital and the number of shares also are amended as follows.§ 1 Company nameCurrent wordingThe company name is Polygiene AB. The company is a public company.Proposed wordingThe company name is Polygiene Group AB. The company is a public company.§ 4 Share capitalCurrent wordingThe share capital shall not be less than SEK 1 300 000 and shall not exceed SEK 5 200 000.Proposed wordingThe share capital shall not be less than SEK 3 600 000 and shall not exceed SEK 14 400 000.§ 5 Number of sharesCurrent wordingThe number of shares shall not be less than 13 000 000 and shall not exceed 52 000 000.Proposed wordingThe number of shares shall not be less than 36 000 000 and shall not exceed 144 000 000.The company's CEO shall be authorized to make minor formal adjustments of the resolution which may be required for registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).Item 14: Resolution on authorization regarding issuesThe board of directors proposes that the annual shareholders' meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors  up until the next annual shareholders' meeting  at one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions  to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants. The reason for why a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights should be possible is to enable the company to source working capital  to be able to execute acquisitions of companies or operating assets as well as to enable new issues to industrial partners within the framework of partnerships and alliances. The total number of shares that may be issued (alternatively be issued through conversion of convertibles and/or exercise of warrants) pursuant to the authorization shall not exceed 4 058 554 shares  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 10 per cent calculated on the current number of shares. In case the authorization is used for a new issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the issue shall be made on market terms.The company's CEO shall be authorized to make minor formal adjustments of the resolution which may be required for registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 15: Resolution on implementation of a warrant program by way of (A) directed issue of warrants; and (B) approval of transfer of warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the annual shareholders' meeting resolves to implement a warrant program for employees and consultants in the company based on issue and transfer of warrants (the ""Warrants Program 2022/2025"").To implement the Warrants Program 2022/2025  the board of directors proposes that the annual shareholders' meeting resolves on (A) directed issue of warrants; and (B) approval of transfer of warrants  on the following terms and conditions:Directed issue of warrantsA maximum of 300 000warrants shall be issued for the Warrants Program 2022/2025.With deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the right to subscribe for the warrants shall only vest in a wholly owned subsidiary to the company (the ""Subsidiary""). The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the warrants shall be used within the Warrants Program 2022/2025.The Subsidiary's subscription shall be made at the latest on 30 June 2022  with a right for the board of directors to prolong the subscription period.Over subscription cannot occur.The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary against cash consideration which shall correspond to the warrant's fair market value calculated in accordance with the Black Scholes formula. The calculation of the fair market value of the warrants shall be established by ÖhrlingsPricewaterhouseCoopers AB in connection with the expiration of the measurement period on 20 May 2022.Payment shall be made in connection with subscription.Each warrant shall entitle to subscription of one share in the company. Subscription of shares by virtue of the warrants may be effected as from 1 June 2025 up to and including 30 June 2025.The subscription price per share shall correspond to 200 per cent of the volume weighted average price according to Nasdaq First North Growth Market's official price list for shares in the company during the period as from and including 12 May 2022 to and including 20 May 2022.The subscription price shall be rounded to the nearest whole öre  whereupon 0.5 öre shall be rounded upwards. The amount that exceeds the share quotient value shall be added to the free share premium reserve. The subscription price and the number of shares that each warrant entitles right to subscribe for are subject to customary recalculation in the event of a split-up or consolidation of shares  rights issue etc.The shares issued upon utilization of a warrant shall confer right to dividends the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately following effectuation of subscription to such extent that the share has been recorded in the company's share ledger as interim share.In case all warrants are utilized for subscription of new shares  the share capital will increase with SEK 30 000.Transfer of warrantsThe Warrants Program 2022/2025 shall principally be carried out in accordance with what is stated below.The Subsidiary shall have the right  on one or several occasions  to transfer the warrants to employees and consultants in the company in accordance with the terms and guidelines set forth below. Transfer to participants under the Warrants Program 2022/2025 shall be made against cash consideration which shall correspond to the fair market value of the warrant calculated in accordance with the above. According to a preliminary valuation  the market value of the warrants corresponds to approximately SEK 0.88 per warrant (assuming a share price of SEK 23.50  a subscription price of SEK 47 per share  a risk free interest of 0.84 per cent and a volatility of 30 per cent)  calculated in accordance with the Black Scholes formula.The board of directors of the company shall resolve upon allotment to participants in the Warrants Program 2022/2025  whereby participants in each category listed below can be offered up to the maximum of the number of warrants listed below:CEO a maximum of 100 000 warrantsOther senior executives a maximum of 40 000 warrants per person(5 persons)Other employees/consultants a maximum of 20 000 warrants per person(approximately 40 persons)Allotment is estimated to occur on 15 June 2022 at the latest.A participant can subscribe for a lower number of warrants compared to what is offered to the participant. Over subscription cannot occur.Right to allotment in the Warrants Program 2022/2025 requires that the participant at the relevant time of allotment at the latest  holds a position in the company or has signed an agreement regarding it and has not  at such time  informed or been informed that the employment or assignment will be terminated.For participants in other jurisdictions than Sweden  it is implied that transfer of warrants is legally possible and that transfer  in the board of director's opinion  can be carried out with reasonable administrative and financial efforts at their established fair market value. The board of directors shall be authorized to adjust the terms and conditions of the Warrants Program 2022/2025 to the extent required in order for allotment of warrants to participants in other jurisdictions  to the extent practically possible  to be carried out under the same conditions imposed by the Warrants Program 2022/2025.Other information regarding the Warrants Program 2022/2025The reasons for the implementation of the Warrants Program 2022/2025 and the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights are to be able to create possibilities for the company to retain competent staff through the offering of a long term ownership engagement for the employees and consultants in the company. Such ownership engagement is expected to stimulate the employees and consultants in the company to an increased interest for the business and the earnings trend as well as to increase the feeling of connectedness with the company.Since the warrants in the Warrants Program 2022/2025 will be transferred to the participants at the fair market value  the company's assessment is that the company will not incur any social costs in relation to Warrants Program 2022/2025. The costs related to Warrants Program 2022/2025 will hence only be composed of limited costs for implementation and administration of the program.Per the date of the notice  the number of shares in the company amounts to 36 526 989.In case all warrants issued within the Warrants Program 2022/2025 are utilized for subscription of new shares  a total of 300 000 new shares will be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 0.81 per cent of the company's share capital and votes after full dilution  calculated on the number of shares that will be added upon full utilization of all warrants issued under the Warrants Program 2022/2025. The dilution would only have had a marginal impact on the key figure earnings per share for the full year 2021.There is currently incentive programs in the form of three warrants programs outstanding in the company pursuant to which in the aggregate 900 000 new shares may be issued. If all existing incentive programs that are outstanding and the proposed Warrants Program 2022/2025 are exercised in full  in the aggregate 1 200 000 shares will be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 3.18 per cent of the company's share capital and votes after full dilution  calculated on the number of shares that will be added upon full exercise of all outstanding incentive program and the proposed Warrants Program 2022/2025.The above calculations regarding dilution are subject to re-calculation of the warrants in accordance with the customary recalculation terms included in the applicable warrant terms.The proposal of the Warrants Program 2022/2025 has been prepared by the board of directors together with external consultants.The board of directors' proposal in accordance with Sections A-B above shall be resolved upon as one resolution by the meeting.The Chairman of the board of directors shall be authorized to make minor formal adjustments of the resolution which may be required for registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB.Particular majority requirementsFor valid resolutions on the proposals pursuant to items 13 and 14  the proposals have to be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting. For a valid resolution on the proposal pursuant to item 15  the proposal has to be supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders' right to informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of items on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries financial position and the company's relation to other companies within the group. Requests for such information must be submitted via e-mail to emilie.fredriksson@polygiene.com or by post Polygiene AB  Att. Emilié Fredriksson  Styrmansgatan 2  SE-211 18 Malmö  Sweden  no later than Sunday 1 May 2022. The information is provided by keeping it available at the company's office and website (ir.polygiene.com)  no later than Friday 6 May 2022. The information will also be sent within the same time to the shareholders who have requested it and provided their postal or e-mail address.Meeting documentsThe Annual Report and the Audit Report and the complete proposals pursuant to items 13-15 and other documents before the annual shareholders' meeting are submitted by being kept available at the company's office at Styrmansgatan 2  SE-211 18 Malmö  Sweden and at the company's website (ir.polygiene.com) as from no later than three weeks before the annual shareholders' meeting  and will also be sent to shareholders who request it and state their address. The share register of the annual shareholders' meeting will also be available at the company's office.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Number of shares and votes in the companyAs of the date of this notice to attend the annual shareholders' meeting  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 36 526 989. The company does not hold any own shares.____________________Malmö in April 2022Polygiene AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  visit ir.polygiene.com or contact:The Company's IR at e-mail: ir@polygiene.comUlrika Björk  CEO  Mobile: +46 (0) 70 921 12 75  e-mail: ubj@polygiene.comThis information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at April 8 2022  at [12:30] CEST.About PolygieneAs the world leader in stays fresh technologies  we want to change the way we view products - from fast consumables to durables. We treat clothes  accessories  home products  and textiles to help people stay fresh  wash less and let clothes and products live longer. Over 300 global premium brands have chosen to use the Polygiene brand with their products. With the wholly owned subsidiary Addmaster Holdings Limited  we now have the possibility to offer solutions for both soft and hard surfaces. Polygiene is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market in Stockholm  Sweden. For more information: www.polygiene.com.Erik Penser Bank AB acts as Certified Adviser. Phone: +46 8- 463 83 00  e-mail: certifiedadviser@penser.se.",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,negative,0.05,0.21,0.74,True,English,"[""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'Polygiene AB', 'Notice', 'Such voting rights registration', 'Håkan Lagerberg', 'Martin Kössler', 'A) directed issue', 'Consolidated Annual Report', 'Consolidated Audit Report', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'consolidated balance sheet', 'advance voting form', 'registration certificate', ""shareholders' exercise"", ""shareholders' meetings"", 'consolidated profit', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'temporary legislation', 'physical presence', 'external parties', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'equivalent document', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'Jonas Wollin', 'Pamela Ravasio', 'Paul Morris', 'Rajesh Varma', 'warrant program', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'Thursday 5 May', 'Polygiene AB', 'special form', 'completed form', 'postal vote', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'share register', 'Tuesday 10 May', 'Emilié Fredriksson', 'deputy auditors', 'advance vote', 'proxy form', 'other trustee', 'board members', 'new election', 'Notice', 'content', 'Apr', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'Reg.', 'directors', 'accordance', 'proxies', 'place', 'order', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'outcome', 'notification', 'company', 'participation', 'heading', 'shares', 'name', 'bank', 'request', 'Section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'website', 'attendance', 'Styrmansgatan', 'Malmö', 'emilie', 'written', 'attorney', 'conditions', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'voters', 'one', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'adoption', 'distribution', 'discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', 'number', 'deputies', 'remuneration', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'authorization', 'issues', 'implementation', 'way', 'warrants', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'Item']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,marketscreener.com
2514,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EuroclearGroup Why did Euroclear block the securities of bank clients that were on the sanctions list?We have not… https://t.co/F3sNdLCAJi,nan,@EuroclearGroup Why did Euroclear block the securities of bank clients that were on the sanctions list?We have not… https://t.co/F3sNdLCAJi,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['bank clients', 'sanctions list', 'Euroclear', 'securities', 'F3sNdLCAJi', 'bank clients', 'sanctions list', 'Euroclear', 'securities', 'F3sNdLCAJi']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2515,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EuroclearGroup Hello   when will Euroclear unlock securities of private investors from Russia ?Why should private… https://t.co/isbAZY4ojz,nan,@EuroclearGroup Hello   when will Euroclear unlock securities of private investors from Russia ?Why should private… https://t.co/isbAZY4ojz,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['private investors', 'Euroclear', 'securities', 'Russia', 'isbAZY4ojz', 'private investors', 'Euroclear', 'securities', 'Russia', 'isbAZY4ojz']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2516,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Credit unions’ tax-subsidized bank purchases harm consumers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/9eOj0Ii8qO #regtech,nan,Credit unions’ tax-subsidized bank purchases harm consumers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/9eOj0Ii8qO #regtech,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['Credit unions’ tax-subsidized bank purchases', 'consumers', 'Fintech', '9eOj0Ii8qO', 'regtech', 'Credit unions’ tax-subsidized bank purchases', 'consumers', 'Fintech', '9eOj0Ii8qO', 'regtech']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2517,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,inflation-indexed (UI) global bonds  which can both be held in Euroclear  as well as Central Bank notes (Letras) … https://t.co/Wo9IluuSfQ,nan,inflation-indexed (UI) global bonds  which can both be held in Euroclear  as well as Central Bank notes (Letras) … https://t.co/Wo9IluuSfQ,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['inflation-indexed (UI) global bonds', 'Central Bank notes', 'Euroclear', 'Letras', 'Wo9IluuSfQ', 'inflation-indexed (UI) global bonds', 'Central Bank notes', 'Euroclear', 'Letras', 'Wo9IluuSfQ']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2518,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Zipfi123 @rdv_analytics @ruixiang_tan @babade_trading @ResGloStocks @IBKR How can Euroclear take ADRs but not deli… https://t.co/bExWAchWhu,nan,@Zipfi123 @rdv_analytics @ruixiang_tan @babade_trading @ResGloStocks @IBKR How can Euroclear take ADRs but not deli… https://t.co/bExWAchWhu,neutral,0.04,0.85,0.12,neutral,0.04,0.85,0.12,True,English,"['Zipfi123', 'rdv_analytics', 'ruixiang_tan', 'babade_trading', 'ResGloStocks', 'IBKR', 'Euroclear', 'ADRs', 'bExWAchWhu', 'Zipfi123', 'rdv_analytics', 'ruixiang_tan', 'babade_trading', 'ResGloStocks', 'IBKR', 'Euroclear', 'ADRs', 'bExWAchWhu']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2519,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Zipfi123 @Profits39 @rdv_analytics @ruixiang_tan @babade_trading @IBKR Euroclear can cancel drs and transfer share… https://t.co/o8iykyaT4L,nan,@Zipfi123 @Profits39 @rdv_analytics @ruixiang_tan @babade_trading @IBKR Euroclear can cancel drs and transfer share… https://t.co/o8iykyaT4L,neutral,0.03,0.85,0.13,neutral,0.03,0.85,0.13,True,English,"['IBKR Euroclear', 'Zipfi123', 'Profits39', 'rdv_analytics', 'ruixiang_tan', 'babade_trading', 'drs', 'share', 'o8iykyaT4L', 'IBKR Euroclear', 'Zipfi123', 'Profits39', 'rdv_analytics', 'ruixiang_tan', 'babade_trading', 'drs', 'share', 'o8iykyaT4L']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2520,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Zipfi123 @ruixiang_tan @babade_trading @ResGloStocks Yes  because Russian shares will be held by NSD  not by Euroclear.,nan,@Zipfi123 @ruixiang_tan @babade_trading @ResGloStocks Yes  because Russian shares will be held by NSD  not by Euroclear.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Russian shares', 'Zipfi123', 'ruixiang_tan', 'ResGloStocks', 'NSD', 'Euroclear', 'Russian shares', 'Zipfi123', 'ruixiang_tan', 'ResGloStocks', 'NSD', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2524,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.bollyinside.com/news/deutsche-boerses-clearstream-charges-by-defunct-maple-bank-over-tax-scandal,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream charges by defunct Maple Bank over tax scandal,1 day ago,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the focal settlement agent for exchanging German offers  was sued for around 27 million euros ($29 million) by the administrator of defunct Maple Bank in a claim connected to the Cum-Ex tax scandal. The suit is forthcoming at the Frankfurt Regional Court  a representative for the tribunal affirmed  in light of inquiries from Bloomberg News. The case  which was documented last year  is likewise looking for a declaratory ruling that Clearstream should cover expected additional damages  she said. No consultation has yet been booked. Maple Bank was attacked by prosecutors in 2015 as one of the different probes into an enormous tax scam that sparked outrage in Germany.A spokeswoman for Maple administrator Michael Frege declined to comment. A spokeswoman for Deutsche Boerse confirmed the case but declined to comment further.A year later  the nation’s financial regulator Bafin closed the bank because it couldn’t shoulder the bill levied by tax authorities  which asked for the return of money Maple made with Cum-Ex. The Canadian parent company went into liquidation in 2016.Cum-Ex transactions took advantage of a now-abandoned method of taxing dividends  generating multiple tax refunds through a combination of short sales and share lending. In Germany  the practice ended in 2012 when the nation revised its rules  but the scam may have cost taxpayers more than 10 billion euros. German prosecutors are now probing about 1 500 people.A banker at a Bonn Cum-Ex trial said that Clearstream even had a separate account  “KD111 ” to handle the so-called dividend compensation payments  a key element of Cum-Ex. Cologne prosecutors raided the unit’s offices in 2019.Since Clearstream is the depository for most shares of companies listed in Germany  it centrally settles transactions in these securities. That means virtually all Cum-Ex deals targeting the German treasury ran through its systems.If the Maple suit is successful  other financial players involved in the scam — and hit by hefty tax bills — might copy the idea and turn to Clearstream to pick up the tab.News Summary:,negative,0.02,0.12,0.87,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream charges', 'tax scandal', 'The Canadian parent company', 'focal settlement agent', 'Frankfurt Regional Court', 'dividend compensation payments', 'multiple tax refunds', 'hefty tax bills', 'other financial players', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Bonn Cum-Ex trial', 'Cum-Ex tax scandal', 'enormous tax scam', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'tax authorities', 'financial regulator', 'German offers', '27 million euros', 'Bloomberg News', 'declaratory ruling', 'additional damages', 'different probes', 'Michael Frege', 'short sales', 'share lending', '10 billion euros', 'separate account', 'key element', 'most shares', 'Cum-Ex deals', 'German treasury', 'News Summary', 'German prosecutors', 'Cologne prosecutors', 'Maple administrator', 'Cum-Ex transactions', 'Maple suit', 'Clearstream unit', 'Cum-Ex.', 'claim', 'representative', 'tribunal', 'light', 'inquiries', 'case', 'consultation', 'outrage', 'Germany', 'spokeswoman', 'nation', 'Bafin', 'return', 'money', 'liquidation', 'advantage', 'method', 'dividends', 'practice', 'rules', 'taxpayers', '1,500 people', 'banker', 'offices', 'depository', 'companies', 'securities', 'systems', 'idea', 'tab']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,bollyinside.com
2525,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.just-style.com/news/aii-and-zdhc-team-on-industry-efficiencies/,Aii and ZDHC team on industry efficiencies,1 day ago,The Apparel Impact Institute (Aii) and the ZDHC Implementation Hub are collaborating under the Apparel Alliance partnership to accelerate impact and drive new efficiencies for the industry. Based on their core competencies and complementary efforts  the organisations are forming an alliance under which the first achievement is striving for full ZDHC endorsement of the Aii Clean by Design Chemistry and Wastewater Management Programme.Clean by Design Chemistry is a programme for wet processing facilities designed to establish best practices and procedures for improving inputs  reducing chemical use  conducting careful oversight and operations of wastewater treatment  and enabling recovery and reuse of chemicals whenever possible. The cornerstone of the Clean by Design Chemistry Programme is a set of Ten Best Practices for Wet Processing Units that are practical  low cost and easy to implement.Clean by Design Chemistry integrated ZDHC Guidelines  Platforms and Solutions  e.g. the ZDHC MRSL and Wastewater & Sludge Guidelines  the ZDHC Gateway and the Supplier Platform  ZDHC InCheck for inventory conformance and ZDHC ClearStream for wastewater testing.Facility achievements of the Clean by Design Programme are already endorsed towards the ZDHC Brands to Zero Programme and support participating facilities in achieving the Supplier to Zero Progressive Level and improved scoring in the SAC Facility Environmental Module (FEM).RelatedAii has partnered with Sustainable Textile Solutions  a brand of BluWin Limited; NimkarTek and The BHive to bring the programme to China  Bangladesh  India  Turkey and Europe.Aii identifies  funds  scales and measures proven quality solutions to accelerate positive impact in the fashion industry  with a focus on scalable solutions and best practices that can be applied to the entire value chain.,neutral,0.13,0.83,0.04,positive,0.49,0.48,0.02,True,English,"['ZDHC team', 'industry efficiencies', 'Aii', 'SAC Facility Environmental Module', 'The Apparel Impact Institute', 'Wet Processing Units', 'entire value chain', 'Apparel Alliance partnership', 'wet processing facilities', 'Zero Progressive Level', 'ZDHC Implementation Hub', 'full ZDHC endorsement', 'Sustainable Textile Solutions', 'Ten Best Practices', 'Wastewater Management Programme', 'Design Chemistry Programme', 'Facility achievements', 'The BHive', 'Zero Programme', 'participating facilities', 'positive impact', 'ZDHC Guidelines', 'ZDHC MRSL', 'ZDHC Gateway', 'ZDHC InCheck', 'ZDHC ClearStream', 'ZDHC Brands', 'new efficiencies', 'core competencies', 'complementary efforts', 'first achievement', 'chemical use', 'careful oversight', 'wastewater treatment', 'Sludge Guidelines', 'inventory conformance', 'wastewater testing', 'Design Programme', 'BluWin Limited', 'quality solutions', 'scalable solutions', 'Supplier Platform', 'fashion industry', 'Aii Clean', 'organisations', 'procedures', 'inputs', 'operations', 'recovery', 'reuse', 'chemicals', 'cornerstone', 'set', 'cost', 'Platforms', 'scoring', 'FEM', 'NimkarTek', 'China', 'Bangladesh', 'India', 'Turkey', 'Europe', 'funds', 'scales', 'measures', 'focus']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,just-style.com
2526,Clearstream,Google API,https://uk.sports.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-telekom-ag-dividend-announcement-130003701.html,Deutsche Telekom AG: dividend announcement,1 day ago,"DGAP-News: Deutsche Telekom AG / Key word(s): Dividend/DividendThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Deutsche Telekom AG  BonnISIN no. DE0005557508Securities identification code 555 750Dividend announcementOn April 7  2022  the shareholders' meeting approved the use of EUR 3 182 084 560.00 of the EUR 5 887 498 248.28in unappropriated net income generated in the 2021 financial year for a dividend payment of EUR 0.64 per no par value share carrying dividend rights  and the carrying forward of the remaining balance of EUR 2 705 413 688.28.The dividend will be paid out to shareholders by the custodian banks via Clearstream Banking AG from April 12  2022. The settlement agent is Citibank Europe plc. As the dividend is to be paid in full from the tax contribution account in accordance with § 27 (""Contributions other than into nominal capital"") of the Corporation Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuer­ gesetz - KStG)  payment will be made without deducting capital gains tax or the solidarity surcharge.Dividends paid to shareholders in Germany are not subject to taxation. There are no tax refunds or tax credits associated with the dividend. In the German tax authorities' view the dividend payment reduces the acquisition costs of the shares for tax purposes.Bonn  April 2022Deutsche Telekom AGThe Board of ManagementIn the interest of readability  no distinction has been made between male  female and diverse (m/f/d). All personal designations apply equally to all genders.08.04.2022 Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.dgap.de",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['Deutsche Telekom AG', 'dividend announcement', 'The DGAP Distribution Services', 'Deutsche Telekom AG', 'Securities identification code', 'unappropriated net income', 'par value share', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'Citibank Europe plc', 'Körperschaftsteuer\xad gesetz', 'EQS Group AG', 'tax contribution account', 'Corporation Tax Act', 'German tax authorities', 'capital gains tax', 'The Board', 'tax refunds', 'tax credits', 'tax purposes', 'nominal capital', 'Key word', '2021 financial year', 'remaining balance', 'custodian banks', 'settlement agent', 'solidarity surcharge', 'acquisition costs', 'personal designations', 'Corporate News', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'dividend rights', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'dividend payment', 'Dividend announcement', 'DGAP-News', 'issuer', 'content', 'Bonn', 'ISIN', 'April', 'use', 'accordance', 'Contributions', 'KStG', 'Dividends', 'Germany', 'taxation', 'shares', 'Management', 'interest', 'readability', 'distinction', 'male', 'genders', 'Dissemination', 'Archive', '§']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,uk.sports.yahoo.com
2528,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+FWP+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA+Filed+by%3A+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA/19894063.html,Form FWP ROYAL BANK OF CANADA Filed by: ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,1 day ago,Royal Bank of Canada is offering Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the common stock of MGM Resorts International (the “Reference Stock Issuer”). The Notes are our senior unsecured obligations  will pay a monthly coupon at the interest rate specified below  and will have the terms described in the documents set forth above  as supplemented or modified by this terms supplement.The Notes do not guarantee any return of principal at maturity. Any payments on the Note s are subject to our credit risk.Investing in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Selected Risk Considerations” beginning on page P-8 of this terms supplement  “Additional Risk Factors Specific to Your Notes” beginning on page PS-3 of the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-2 of the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021.The Notes will not constitute deposits insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other Canadian or U.S. government agency or instrumentality. The Notes are not subject to conversion into our common shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Notes or determined that this terms supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada Stock Exchange Listing: None Trade Date: April 12  2022 Principal Amount: $10 000 per Note Issue Date: April 18  2022 Maturity Date: April 17  2025 Coupon Payment: Each coupon will be paid in equal monthly payments  unless the Notes are previously called. Final Stock Price: The closing price of the Reference Stock on the Valuation Date. Call Feature: If the closing price of the Reference Stock is greater than or equal to the Initial Stock Price starting on October 12  2022 and on any quarterly Call Observation Date thereafter  the Notes will be automatically called for 100% of their principal amount  plus the coupon applicable to the corresponding Call Observation Date. Payment at Maturity (if held to maturity): If the Notes are not previously called  we will pay an amount at maturity based on the Final Stock Price. For each $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes  the investor will receive at maturity $10 000 plus accrued and unpaid interest  unless the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price. If the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price  then the investor will receive at maturity  instead of the principal amount  in addition to accrued and unpaid interest  for each $10 000 in principal amount  the number of shares of the Reference Stock equal to the Physical Delivery Amount  or at our election  the cash value of those shares. Investors could lose some or all of their principal amount if the Final Stock Price of the Reference Stock is less than the Barrier Price. Physical Delivery Amount: For each $10 000 in principal amount  a number of shares of the Reference Stock equal to the principal amount divided by the Initial Stock Price  subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. Monitoring Period: The Valuation Date.Reference StockAnnual Coupon RateInitial Stock PriceBarrier PriceCUSIP/ISINPrincipal AmountPrice to Public(1)Underwriting Discounts and Commissions(1)Proceeds to Royal Bank of Canada MGM Resorts International (MGM)7.55%$[]60% of the Initial Stock Price78015QAL5 / US78015QAL59$[]100%$[] 2.00%$[] 98.00%(1) Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sales to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forego some or all of their underwriting discount or selling concessions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be between $9 800 and $10 000 per $10 000 in principal amount. If the Notes priced on the date of this terms supplement  RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”)  acting as our agent  would receive a commission of approximately $200 per $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes and would use a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers of up to approximately $200 per $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” below.The initial estimated value of the Notes as of the Trade Date is expected to be between $9 101.68 and $9 601.68 per $10 000 in principal amount  and will be less than the price to public. The final pricing supplement relating to the Notes will set forth our estimate of the initial value of the Notes as of the Trade Date. The actual value of the Notes at any time will reflect many factors  cannot be predicted with accuracy  and may be less than this amount. We describe our determination of the initial estimated value in more detail below.RBC Capital Markets  LLCAuto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSUMMARYThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this terms supplement  the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement  and the prospectus.General: This terms supplement relates to an offering of Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the common stock (the “Reference Stock”) of MGM Resorts International (the “Reference Stock Issuer”). Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada (“Royal Bank”) Trade Date (Pricing Date): April 12  2022 Issue Date: April 18  2022 Valuation Date: April 14  2025 Maturity Date: April 17  2025 Denominations: Minimum denomination of $10 000  and integral multiples of $10 000 thereafter. Designated Currency: U.S. Dollars Coupon Rate: 7.55% per annum. Each coupon will be paid in equal monthly payments of 0.6292% of the principal amount on the applicable Coupon Payment Date  unless the Notes are previously called. Coupon Payment Dates: May 17  2022  June 16  2022  July 15  2022  August 17  2022  September 15  2022  October 17  2022  November 17  2022  December 15  2022  January 18  2023  February 16  2023  March 16  2023  April 17  2023  May 17  2023  June 15  2023  July 17  2023  August 17  2023  September 15  2023  October 17  2023  November 16  2023  December 15  2023  January 18  2024  February 15  2024  March 15  2024  April 17  2024  May 16  2024  June 17  2024  July 17  2024  August 15  2024  September 17  2024  October 17  2024  November 15  2024  December 17  2024  January 16  2025  February 18  2025  March 17  2025 and the Maturity Date. Record Dates: The record date for each Coupon Payment Date will be one business day prior to that scheduled Coupon Payment Date; provided  however  that the Coupon Payment at maturity or upon an automatic call will be payable to the person to whom the payment at maturity or upon that call  as the case may be  is payable. Call Feature: If  starting on October 12  2022 and on any quarterly Call Observation Date thereafter  the closing price of the Reference Stock is greater than or equal to the Initial Stock Price  then the Notes will be automatically called. Call Settlement Dates: If the Notes are called on any Call Observation Date  the Call Settlement Date will be the Coupon Payment Date immediately following that Call Observation Date. Payment if Called: If the Notes are automatically called  then  on the applicable Call Settlement Date  for each $10 000 principal amount  you will receive $10 000 plus the Coupon otherwise due on that Call Settlement Date. Call Observation Dates: October 12  2022  January 12  2023  April 12  2023  July 12  2023  October 12  2023  January 12  2024  April 12  2024  July 12  2024  October 14  2024  January 13  2025 and the Valuation Date. Initial Stock Price: The closing price of the Reference Stock on the Trade Date.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaBarrier Price: 60% of the Initial Stock Price Final Stock Price: The closing price of the Reference Stock on the Valuation Date. Payment at Maturity (if the Notes are not previously called and are held to maturity): If the Notes are not previously called  then for each $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes  the investor will receive $10 000 plus any accrued and unpaid interest at maturity  unless the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price. If the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price  then the investor will receive at maturity  in addition to accrued and unpaid interest  for each $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes  the number of shares of the Reference Stock equal to the Physical Delivery Amount  or at our election  the Cash Delivery Amount. If we elect to deliver shares of the Reference Stock  fractional shares will be paid in cash. The value of the cash or shares that you would receive in this case will be less than your principal amount  if anything  resulting in a loss that is proportionate to the decline of the Reference Stock from the Trade Date to the Valuation Date. Investors in the Notes could lose some or all of their principal amount if the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price. Physical Delivery Amount: For each $10 000 in principal amount  a number of shares equal to $10 000 divided by the Initial Stock Price of the Reference Stock. The Physical Delivery Amount is subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. If we are required to deliver to you a number of shares that is not a round number  then the number of shares of the Reference Stock to be delivered will be rounded down and the fractional part shall be paid in cash. Cash Delivery Amount: The product of the Physical Delivery Amount multiplied by the Final Stock Price. Monitoring Period: The Valuation Date. The price of the Reference Stock between the Trade Date and the Valuation Date will not impact the Payment at Maturity. Monitoring Method: Close of Trading Day Calculation Agent: RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”) U.S. Tax Treatment: By purchasing a Note  each holder agrees (in the absence of a change in law  an administrative determination or a judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the Notes as an investment unit consisting of (i) a non-contingent debt instrument issued by us to you and (ii) a put option with respect to the Reference Stock written by you and purchased by us. However  the U.S. federal income tax consequences of your investment in the Notes are uncertain and the Internal Revenue Service could assert that the Notes should be taxed in a manner that is different from that described in the preceding sentence. Please see the section below  “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” and the discussion (including the opinion of our special U.S. tax counsel  Ashurst LLP) in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” which apply to the Notes. Secondary Market: RBCCM (or one of its affiliates)  though not obligated to do so  may maintain a secondary market in the Notes after the issue date. The amount that you may receive upon sale of your Notes prior to maturity may be less than the principal amount. Listing: The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg as described under “Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021).Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaTerms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing on the cover page and above the item captioned “Secondary Market” on pages P-2 and P-3 of this terms supplement and the terms appearing under the caption “General Terms of the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement  as modified by this terms supplement.The Trade Date  issue date and other dates set forth above are subject to change  and will be set forth in the final pricing supplement relating to the Notes.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaADDITIONAL TERMS OF YOUR NOTESYou should read this terms supplement together with the prospectus dated September 14  2021  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  relating to our Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this terms supplement will have the meanings given to them in the product prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this terms supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the product prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this terms supplement carefully.This terms supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and “Additional Risk Factors Specific to Your Notes” in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors before you invest in the Notes. You may access these documents on the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):Prospectus dated September 14  2021:Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Product Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 1000275. As used in this terms supplement  “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to Royal Bank of Canada.Royal Bank of Canada has filed a registration statement (including a product prospectus supplement  a prospectus supplement  and a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this terms supplement relates. Before you invest  you should read those documents and the other documents relating to this offering that we have filed with the SEC for more complete information about us and this offering. You may obtain these documents without cost by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively  Royal Bank of Canada  any agent or any dealer participating in this offering will arrange to send you the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you so request by calling toll-free at 1-877-688-2301.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaHYPOTHETICAL EXAMPLES OF AMOUNTS PAYABLE AT MATURITYThe examples set forth below are provided for illustration purposes only. The assumptions in each of the examples are purely hypothetical and do not relate to the expected performance of the Reference Stock. The hypothetical terms do not purport to be representative of every possible scenario concerning increases or decreases in the price of the Reference Stock on the Valuation Date relative to its price on the Trade Date. We cannot predict the actual performance of the Reference Stock.The table below illustrates the Payment at Maturity of the Notes (excluding the final Coupon)  assuming a hypothetical Initial Stock Price of $100  a Barrier Price of $60  an initial investment of $10 000 and a hypothetical Physical Delivery Amount of 100 (which is $10 000 divided by $100). For this purpose  we have assumed that the Notes are not automatically called  and there will be no anti-dilution adjustments to the Final Stock Price and no market disruption events. Hypothetical Final Stock Prices are shown in the first column on the left. The second column shows the Payment at Maturity (as a percentage of the principal amount). The third column shows the Physical Delivery Amount (if payable) as a number of shares of the Reference Stock. The fourth column shows the Cash Delivery Amount  should we elect to deliver the Cash Delivery Amount instead of the Physical Delivery Amount.Hypothetical Final Stock Price Payment at Maturity as Percentage of Principal Amount Physical Delivery Amount as Number of Shares of the Reference Stock Cash Delivery Amount $150.00 100.00% n/a n/a $125.00 100.00% n/a n/a $100.00 100.00% n/a n/a $90.00 100.00% n/a n/a $80.00 100.00% n/a n/a $70.00 100.00% n/a n/a $60.00 100.00% n/a n/a $59.99 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $5 999 $50.00 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $5 000 $40.00 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $4 000 $30.00 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $3 000 $20.00 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $2 000 $0 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $0The Payments at Maturity shown above are entirely hypothetical; they are based on hypothetical prices of the Reference Stock that may not be achieved on the Valuation Date  and on assumptions that may prove to be erroneous. The hypothetical Initial Stock Price is not the expected actual Initial Stock Price; the actual Initial Stock Price will be set forth on the cover page of the final pricing supplement. The actual market value of your Notes on the Maturity Date or at any other time  including any time you may wish to sell your Notes  may bear little relation to the hypothetical Payments at Maturity shown above  and those amounts should not be viewed as an indication of the financial return on an investment in the Notes or on an investment in the Reference Stock. Please read “Additional Risk Factors Specific to Your Notes” and “Hypothetical Returns on Your Notes” in the accompanying product prospectus supplement.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaHypothetical Examples of Amounts Payable at MaturityThe following hypothetical examples illustrate how the total returns set forth in the table above are calculated. In addition to the hypothetical returns  an investor would have received the periodic Coupon Payments over the term of the Notes.Example 1 : The price of the Reference Stock increases by 25% from the Initial Stock Price to a Final Stock Price of $125.00. Because the Final Stock Price is greater than the Barrier Price  the investor receives at maturity  in addition to the final Coupon Payment  a cash payment of $10 000 per Note  despite the 25% appreciation in the price of the Reference Stock.Example 2: The price of the Reference Stock decreases by 10% from the Initial Stock Price to a Final Stock Price of $90.00. Because the Final Stock Price is greater than the Barrier Price  the investor receives at maturity  in addition to the final Coupon Payment  a cash payment of $10 000 per Note  despite the 10% decline in the price of the Reference Stock.Example 3: The price of the Reference Stock decreases by 60% from the Initial Stock Price to a Final Stock Price of $40.00. Because the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price  the investor receives at maturity  in addition to the final Coupon Payment  100 shares of the Reference Stock at maturity  or at our option  the Cash Delivery Amount. The value of these shares as of the Valuation Date is calculated as follows:Physical Delivery Amount x Final Stock Price = 100 x $40.00 = $4 000.00As of the Valuation Date  the value of these shares will be $4 000 per $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes  representing a 60% loss of your principal amount. Even with the interest payable over the term of the Notes  you would lose a significant portion of your initial investment.* * *The Payments at Maturity shown above are entirely hypothetical; they are based on theoretical prices of the Reference Stock that may not be achieved on the Valuation Date and on assumptions that may prove to be erroneous. The actual market value of your Notes on the Maturity Date or at any other time  including any time you may wish to sell your Notes  may bear little relation to the hypothetical Payments at Maturity shown above  and those amounts should not be viewed as an indication of the financial return on an investment in the Notes.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSELECTED RISK CONSIDERATIONSAn investment in the Notes involves significant risks. Investing in the Notes is not equivalent to investing directly in the Reference Stock. These risks are explained in more detail in the section “Additional Risk Factors Specific to Your Notes” in the product prospectus supplement. In addition to the risks described in the prospectus supplement and the product prospectus supplement  you should consider the following:Risks Relating to the Terms of the Notes• You May Lose Some or All of the Principal Amount at Maturity — Investors in the Notes could lose all or a substantial portion of their principal amount if there is a decline in the closing price of the Reference Stock between the Trade Date and the Valuation Date. If the Notes are not automatically called  and the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price  the value of the shares or the amount of cash that you receive at maturity will represent a loss of your principal that is proportionate to the decline in the closing price of the Reference Stock from the Trade Date to the Valuation Date. If we deliver shares of the Reference Stock to you  they may further decline in value between the Valuation Date and the maturity date. The rate of interest payable on the Notes may not be sufficient to compensate for any such loss.• The Notes Are Subject to an Automatic Call — If on any Call Observation Date  beginning in October 2022  the closing price of the Reference Stock is greater than or equal to the Initial Stock Price  then the Notes will be automatically called. If the Notes are automatically called  then  on the applicable Call Settlement Date  for each $10 000 in principal amount  you will receive $10 000 plus the Coupon otherwise due on the applicable Call Settlement Date. You will not receive any Coupons after that payment. You may be unable to reinvest your proceeds from the automatic call in an investment with a return that is as high as the return on the Notes would have been if they had not been called.• The Call Feature Limits Your Potential Return — The return potential of the Notes is limited to the pre-specified Coupon Rate  regardless of the appreciation of the Reference Stock. If the Notes are called  you will not receive any Coupon Payments after the applicable Coupon Payment Date. Since the Notes could be called as early as October 2022  the total return on the Notes could be limited. As a result  the return on an investment in the Notes could be less than the return on a direct investment in the Reference Stock.• Your Return May Be Lower than the Return on a Conventional Debt Security of Comparable Maturity — The return that you will receive on the Notes  which could be negative  may be less than the return you could earn on other investments. Even if your return is positive  your return may be less than the return you would earn if you purchased one of our conventional senior interest bearing debt securities.• Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Changes in Our Credit Ratings Are Expected to Affect the Market Value of the Notes — The Notes are our senior unsecured debt securities. As a result  the amount due on any relevant payment date is dependent upon our ability to repay our obligations on that date. This will be the case even if the price of the Reference Stock increases after the Trade Date. No assurance can be given as to what our financial condition will be during the term of the Notes.Risks Relating to the Secondary Market for the Notes• There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes-Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses — There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. RBCCM and our other affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. RBCCM or any of our other affiliates may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and asked prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaRisks Relating to the Initial Estimated Value of the Notes• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Will Be Less than the Price to the Public —The initial estimated value that will be set forth on the cover page of the final pricing supplement for the Notes does not represent a minimum price at which we  RBCCM or any of our affiliates would be willing to purchase the Notes in any secondary market (if any exists) at any time. If you attempt to sell the Notes prior to maturity  their market value may be lower than the price you paid for them and the initial estimated value. This is due to  among other things  changes in the price of the Reference Stock  the borrowing rate we pay to issue securities of this kind  and the inclusion in the price to the public of the underwriting discount and the estimated costs relating to our hedging of the Notes. These factors  together with various credit  market and economic factors over the term of the Notes  are expected to reduce the price at which you may be able to sell the Notes in any secondary market and will affect the value of the Notes in complex and unpredictable ways. Assuming no change in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell your Notes prior to maturity may be less than your original purchase price  as any such sale price would not be expected to include the underwriting discount and the hedging costs relating to the Notes. In addition to bid-ask spreads  the value of the Notes determined by RBCCM for any secondary market price is expected to be based on the secondary rate rather than the internal funding rate used to price the Notes and determine the initial estimated value. As a result  the secondary price will be less than if the internal funding rate was used. The Notes are not designed to be short-term trading instruments. Accordingly  you should be able and willing to hold your Notes to maturity.• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes that We Will Provide in the Final Pricing Supplement Will Be an Estimate Only  Calculated as of the Time the Terms of the Notes Are Set —The initial estimated value of the Notes will be based on the value of our obligation to make the payments on the Notes  together with the mid-market value of the derivative embedded in the terms of the Notes. See “Structuring the Notes” below. Our estimate will be based on a variety of assumptions  including our credit spreads  expectations as to dividends  interest rates and volatility  and the expected term of the Notes. These assumptions are based on certain forecasts about future events  which may prove to be incorrect. Other entities may value the Notes or similar securities at a price that is significantly different than we do.The value of the Notes at any time after the Trade Date will vary based on many factors  including changes in market conditions  and cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result  the actual value you would receive if you sold the Notes in any secondary market  if any  should be expected to differ materially from the initial estimated value of your Notes.Risks Relating to Conflicts of Interest and Our Trading Activities• Our Business Activities May Create Conflicts of Interest — We and our affiliates expect to engage in trading activities related to the Reference Stock that are not for the account of holders of the Notes or on their behalf. These trading activities may present a conflict between the holders’ interests in the Notes and the interests we and our affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts  in facilitating transactions  including options and other derivatives transactions  for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities  if they influence the share price of the Reference Stock  could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes. We and one or more of our affiliates may  at present or in the future  engage in business with the Reference Stock Issuer  including making loans to or providing advisory services. These services could include investment banking and merger and acquisition advisory services. These activities may present a conflict between our or one or more of our affiliates’ obligations and your interests as a holder of the Notes. Moreover  we and our affiliates may have published  and in the future expect to publish  research reports with respect to the Reference Stock. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes. Any of these activities by us or one or more of our affiliates may affect the price of the Reference Stock  and  therefore  the market value of the Notes .• You Must Rely on Your Own Evaluation of the Merits of an Investment Linked to the Reference Stock — In the ordinary course of their business  our affiliates may have expressed views on expected movements inAuto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of Canadathe Reference Stock  and may do so in the future. These views or reports may be communicated to our clients and clients of our affiliates. However  these views are subject to change from time to time. Moreover  other professionals who transact business in markets relating to the Reference Stock may at any time have significantly different views from those of our affiliates. For these reasons  you are encouraged to derive information concerning the Reference Stock from multiple sources  and you should not rely solely on views expressed by our affiliates.Risks Relating to the Reference Stock• Owning the Notes Is Not the Same as Owning the Reference Stock — The return on your Notes is unlikely to reflect the return you would realize if you actually owned shares of the Reference Stock. For instance  you will not receive or be entitled to receive any dividend payments or other distributions on the Reference Stock during the term of your Notes. As an owner of the Notes  you will not have voting rights or any other rights that holders of the Reference Stock may have. Furthermore  the Reference Stock may appreciate substantially during the term of the Notes  while your potential return will be limited to the Coupon Payments.• There Is No Affiliation Between the Reference Stock Issuer and RBCCM  and RBCCM Is Not Responsible for any Disclosure by the Reference Stock Issuer — We are not affiliated with the Reference Stock Issuer. However  we and our affiliates may currently  or from time to time in the future engage  in business with the Reference Stock Issuer. Nevertheless  neither we nor our affiliates assume any responsibilities for the accuracy or the completeness of any information that any other company prepares. You  as an investor in the Notes  should make your own investigation into the Reference Stock. The Reference Stock Issuer is not involved in this offering and has no obligation of any sort with respect to your Notes. The Reference Stock Issuer has no obligation to take your interests into consideration for any reason  including when taking any corporate actions that might affect the value of your Notes.• The Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Postponement Due to Market Disruption Events and Adjustments —The payment at maturity and the Valuation Date are subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. For a description of what constitutes a market disruption event as well as the consequences of that market disruption event  see “General Terms of the Notes—Consequences of Market Disruption Events” in the product prospectus supplement.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaINFORMATION REGARDING THE REFERENCE STOCK ISSUERThe Reference Stock is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). Companies with securities registered under that Act are required to file periodically certain financial and other information specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Information filed with the SEC can be obtained through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition  information regarding the Reference Stock may be obtained from other sources including  but not limited to  press releases  newspaper articles and other publicly disseminated documents.The following information regarding the Reference Stock Issuer is derived from publicly available information. We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of reports filed by the Reference Stock Issuer with the SEC  information published by it on its website or in any other format  information about it obtained from any other source or the information provided below.MGM Resorts InternationalMGM Resorts International operates gaming  hospitality and entertainment resorts. The company offers accommodation  dining  meeting  convention and hospitality management services for casino and non-casino properties.The company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “MGM.”Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaHISTORICAL INFORMATIONThe graph below illustrates the performance of the Reference Stock from January 1  2012 to April 6  2022. The closing price of the Reference Stock on April 6  2022 was $39.74. The red line represents a hypothetical Barrier Price of $23.84  which is equal to 60% of the closing price of the Reference Stock on April 6  2022 (rounded to two decimal places). The actual Barrier Price will be based on the closing price of the Reference Stock on the Trade Date.We obtained the historical information below from Bloomberg Financial Markets  without independent investigation.PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS .Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSUPPLEMENTAL DISCUSSION OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCESThe following disclosure supplements  and to the extent inconsistent supersedes  the discussion in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” (including the opinion of our special U.S. tax counsel  Ashurst LLP)  which applies to the Notes.By purchasing a Note  each holder agrees (in the absence of a change in law  an administrative determination or a judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the Notes as an investment unit consisting of (i) a non-contingent debt instrument issued by us to you (the “Debt Portion”) and (ii) a put option with respect to the Reference Stock written by you and purchased by us (the “Put Option”). With respect to the Coupon Payments you receive  [•]% of each [•]% Coupon Payment will be treated as an interest payment  and [•]% of each [•]% Coupon Payment will be treated as payment for the Put Option for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. federal income tax consequences of your investment in the Notes are uncertain and the IRS could assert that the Notes should be taxed in a manner that is different from that described in the preceding sentence.Under Section 871(m) of the Code  a “dividend equivalent” payment is treated as a dividend from sources within the United States. Such payments generally would be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax if paid to a non-U.S. holder. Under U.S. Treasury Department regulations  payments (including deemed payments) with respect to equity-linked instruments (“ELIs”) that are “specified ELIs” may be treated as dividend equivalents if such specified ELIs reference  directly or indirectly  an interest in an “underlying security ” which is generally any interest in an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes if a payment with respect to such interest could give rise to a U.S. source dividend. However  the IRS has issued guidance that states that the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS intend to amend the effective dates of the U.S. Treasury Department regulations to provide that withholding on dividend equivalent payments will not apply to specified ELIs that are not delta-one instruments and that are issued before January 1  2023. Based on our determination that the Notes are not delta-one instruments  non-U.S. holders should not be subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments  if any  under the Notes. However  it is possible that the Notes could be treated as deemed reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the occurrence of certain events affecting the Reference Stock or the Notes  and following such occurrence the Notes could be treated as subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments. Non-U.S. holders that enter  or have entered  into other transactions in respect of the Reference Stock or the Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the application of the dividend equivalent withholding tax in the context of the Notes and their other transactions. If any payments are treated as dividend equivalents subject to withholding  we (or the applicable withholding agent) would be entitled to withhold taxes without being required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld..Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSUPPLEMENTAL PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)We expect that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment for the Notes on or about April 18  2022  which is the third (3rd) business day following the Trade Date (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+3”). See “Plan of Distribution” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021. For additional information as to the relationship between us and RBCCM  please see the section “Plan of Distribution—Conflicts of Interest” in the prospectus.We expect to deliver the Notes on a date that is greater than two business days following the Trade Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days  unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes more than two business days prior to the original issue date will be required to specify alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement.In the initial offering of the Notes  they will be offered to investors at a purchase price equal to par  except with respect to certain accounts as indicated on the cover page of this document.The value of the Notes shown on your account statement may be based on RBCCM’s estimate of the value of the Notes if RBCCM or another of our affiliates were to make a market in the Notes (which it is not obligated to do). That estimate will be based upon the price that RBCCM may pay for the Notes in light of then prevailing market conditions  our creditworthiness and transaction costs. For a period of approximately 6 months after the issue date of the Notes  the value of the Notes that may be shown on your account statement may be higher than RBCCM’s estimated value of the Notes at that time. This is because the estimated value of the Notes will not include the underwriting discount and our hedging costs and profits; however  the value of the Notes shown on your account statement during that period may initially be a higher amount  reflecting the addition of the underwriting discount and our estimated costs and profits from hedging the Notes. This excess is expected to decrease over time until the end of this period. After this period  if RBCCM repurchases your Notes  it expects to do so at prices that reflect their estimated value.We may use this terms supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  RBCCM or another of our affiliates may use this terms supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. Unless we or our agent informs the purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale  this terms supplement is being used in a market-making transaction.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSTRUCTURING THE NOTESThe Notes are our debt securities  the return on which is linked to the performance of the Reference Stock. As is the case for all of our debt securities  including our structured notes  the economic terms of the Notes reflect our actual or perceived creditworthiness at the time of pricing. In addition  because structured notes result in increased operational  funding and liability management costs to us  we typically borrow the funds under these Notes at a rate that is more favorable to us than the rate that we might pay for a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security of comparable maturity. Using this relatively lower implied borrowing rate rather than the secondary market rate  is a factor that is likely to reduce the initial estimated value of the Notes at the time their terms are set. Unlike the estimated value that will be set forth on the cover page of the final pricing supplement  any value of the Notes determined for purposes of a secondary market transaction may be based on a different funding rate  which may result in a lower value for the Notes than if our initial internal funding rate were used.In order to satisfy our payment obligations under the Notes  we may choose to enter into certain hedging arrangements (which may include call options  put options or other derivatives) on the issue date with RBCCM or one of our other subsidiaries. The terms of these hedging arrangements take into account a number of factors  including our creditworthiness  interest rate movements  the volatility of the Reference Stock  and the tenor of the Notes. The economic terms of the Notes and their initial estimated value depend in part on the terms of these hedging arrangements.The lower implied borrowing rate is a factor that reduces the economic terms of the Notes to you. The initial offering price of the Notes also reflects the underwriting discount and our estimated hedging costs. These factors result in the initial estimated value for the Notes on the Trade Date being less than their public offering price. See “Selected Risk Considerations—The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Will Be Less than the Price to the Public” above.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['FWP ROYAL BANK', 'Form', 'CANADA', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'U.S. government agency', 'Reference Stock Annual Coupon Rate', 'Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes', 'quarterly Call Observation Date', 'corresponding Call Observation Date', 'Canada Stock Exchange Listing', 'senior unsecured obligations', 'RBC Capital Markets', 'Selected Risk Considerations', 'Final Stock Price', 'MGM Resorts International', 'initial estimated value', 'final pricing supplement', 'Initial Stock Price', 'Note Issue Date', 'Physical Delivery Amount', 'fee-based advisory accounts', 'None Trade Date', 'product prospectus supplement', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'equal monthly payments', 'Reference Stock Issuer', 'The Valuation Date', 'public offering price', 'state securities commission', 'Principal Amount Price', 'Note s', 'Call Feature', 'initial value', 'interest rate', 'monthly coupon', 'Barrier Price', 'common stock', 'Exchange Commission', 'closing price', 'credit risk', 'cash value', 'actual value', 'many factors', 'Coupon Payment', 'Royal Bank', 'other Canadian', 'criminal offense', 'Monitoring Period', 'Underwriting Discounts', 'sole discretion', 'Supplemental Plan', 'terms supplement', 'unpaid interest', 'Maturity Date', 'other dealers', 'The Notes', 'selling concessions', 'common shares', 'documents', 'return', 'number', 'risks', 'page', 'PS', 'deposits', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'subsection', 'representation', 'contrary', 'April', 'October', 'investor', 'accrued', 'election', 'adjustment', 'CUSIP/ISIN', 'Commissions', 'Proceeds', 'sales', 'RBCCM', 'agent', 'portion', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'time', 'accuracy', 'determination', 'detail']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,streetinsider.com
2529,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's March results here  containing all facts and figures.… https://t.co/epYkFBmNvx,nan,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's March results here  containing all facts and figures.… https://t.co/epYkFBmNvx,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['March results', 'facts', 'figures', 'epYkFBmNvx', 'March results', 'facts', 'figures', 'epYkFBmNvx']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2530,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@JoshuaLloyd1 Or free with Clearstream 😂,nan,@JoshuaLloyd1 Or free with Clearstream 😂,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,True,English,"['JoshuaLloyd1', 'Clearstream', 'JoshuaLloyd1', 'Clearstream']",2022-04-07,2022-04-09,Unknown
2531,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.bollyinside.com/news/deutsche-boerses-clearstream-charges-by-defunct-maple-bank-over-tax-scandal,Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream charges by defunct Maple Bank over tax scandal,1 day ago,Deutsche Boerse AG’s Clearstream unit  the focal settlement agent for exchanging German offers  was sued for around 27 million euros ($29 million) by the administrator of defunct Maple Bank in a claim connected to the Cum-Ex tax scandal. The suit is forthcoming at the Frankfurt Regional Court  a representative for the tribunal affirmed  in light of inquiries from Bloomberg News. The case  which was documented last year  is likewise looking for a declaratory ruling that Clearstream should cover expected additional damages  she said. No consultation has yet been booked. Maple Bank was attacked by prosecutors in 2015 as one of the different probes into an enormous tax scam that sparked outrage in Germany.A spokeswoman for Maple administrator Michael Frege declined to comment. A spokeswoman for Deutsche Boerse confirmed the case but declined to comment further.A year later  the nation’s financial regulator Bafin closed the bank because it couldn’t shoulder the bill levied by tax authorities  which asked for the return of money Maple made with Cum-Ex. The Canadian parent company went into liquidation in 2016.Cum-Ex transactions took advantage of a now-abandoned method of taxing dividends  generating multiple tax refunds through a combination of short sales and share lending. In Germany  the practice ended in 2012 when the nation revised its rules  but the scam may have cost taxpayers more than 10 billion euros. German prosecutors are now probing about 1 500 people.A banker at a Bonn Cum-Ex trial said that Clearstream even had a separate account  “KD111 ” to handle the so-called dividend compensation payments  a key element of Cum-Ex. Cologne prosecutors raided the unit’s offices in 2019.Since Clearstream is the depository for most shares of companies listed in Germany  it centrally settles transactions in these securities. That means virtually all Cum-Ex deals targeting the German treasury ran through its systems.If the Maple suit is successful  other financial players involved in the scam — and hit by hefty tax bills — might copy the idea and turn to Clearstream to pick up the tab.News Summary:,negative,0.02,0.12,0.87,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['defunct Maple Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream charges', 'tax scandal', 'The Canadian parent company', 'focal settlement agent', 'Frankfurt Regional Court', 'dividend compensation payments', 'multiple tax refunds', 'hefty tax bills', 'other financial players', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Bonn Cum-Ex trial', 'Cum-Ex tax scandal', 'enormous tax scam', 'defunct Maple Bank', 'tax authorities', 'financial regulator', 'German offers', '27 million euros', 'Bloomberg News', 'declaratory ruling', 'additional damages', 'different probes', 'Michael Frege', 'short sales', 'share lending', '10 billion euros', 'separate account', 'key element', 'most shares', 'Cum-Ex deals', 'German treasury', 'News Summary', 'German prosecutors', 'Cologne prosecutors', 'Maple administrator', 'Cum-Ex transactions', 'Maple suit', 'Clearstream unit', 'Cum-Ex.', 'claim', 'representative', 'tribunal', 'light', 'inquiries', 'case', 'consultation', 'outrage', 'Germany', 'spokeswoman', 'nation', 'Bafin', 'return', 'money', 'liquidation', 'advantage', 'method', 'dividends', 'practice', 'rules', 'taxpayers', '1,500 people', 'banker', 'offices', 'depository', 'companies', 'securities', 'systems', 'idea', 'tab']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,bollyinside.com
2534,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Brexit fallout: HQ location behind collapse of the LSE &amp; Deutsche Boerse merger - https://t.co/SkuJhmKsSu https://t.co/0X2kaZlSWR,nan,Brexit fallout: HQ location behind collapse of the LSE &amp; Deutsche Boerse merger - https://t.co/SkuJhmKsSu https://t.co/0X2kaZlSWR,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse merger', 'Brexit fallout', 'HQ location', 'collapse', 'LSE', 'SkuJhmKsSu', '0X2kaZlSWR', 'Deutsche Boerse merger', 'Brexit fallout', 'HQ location', 'collapse', 'LSE', 'SkuJhmKsSu', '0X2kaZlSWR']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2535,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nykode-therapeutics-announces-presentation-preclinical-170000033.html,Nykode Therapeutics announces presentation of preclinical data from its second generation Vaccibody vaccine technology at 2022 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting,OSLO  Norway  April 08  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nykode Therapeutics AS (Euronext Growth (Oslo): NYKD)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated ...,Nykode TherapeuticsOSLO  Norway  April 08  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nykode Therapeutics AS (Euronext Growth (Oslo): NYKD)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery and development of vaccines and novel immunotherapies  today announced preclinical data from its second-generation Vaccibody™ Antigen-Presenting Cell (APC)-targeting vaccine technology  which incorporates immune-stimulatory cytokines. The data will be presented in a poster session at the 2022 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting on Tuesday  April 12  2022  from 1:30 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. ET.“The preclinical data reported at AACR highlights that Nykode’s unique vaccines co-expressed with immune-stimulatory proteins can produce a nearly three-fold boost in anti-tumor immune cell response in comparison to the first-generation platform. The research showcases the advantages of Nykode’s APC-targeted delivery of tumor specific antigens and its ability to successfully induce a powerful immune response against tumor cells  overcoming a historical challenge in the development of cancer vaccines. We look forward to continued innovation in our platform as we advance our pipeline of vaccine candidates through the clinic ” said Mikkel Pedersen  Chief Scientific Officer of Nykode Therapeutics.The preclinical results demonstrate that the co-expression of the Vaccibody molecule and immune-stimulatory cytokines enhances anti-tumor immune responses  leads to an expansion of antigen-specific polyfunctional effector T cells and superior tumor control. In addition  the data demonstrate that the second-generation platform enhances APC infiltration  proliferation and differentiation  measured by live CD45+ infiltrated cells and the proportion of DCs in live CD45+ cells  including cDC1.Details of the poster presentation are as follows:Abstract #: 2232Title: A novel and versatile cytokine empowered DNA vaccine platform with superior immune activating potentialAuthors: Beraas  et al.Session Title: Vaccines: Oncolytic and ProphylacticSession Date and Time: Tuesday  April 12  2022 | 1:30 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. ETStory continuesThe poster presentation is available in the AACR 2022 Annual Meeting program and in the Scientific Papers and Presentations section of the Company’s website.Nykode TherapeuticsNykode Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery and development of vaccines and novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases. Nykode’s modular vaccine technology specifically targets antigens to Antigen Presenting Cells  which are essential for inducing rapid  strong and long-lasting antigen specific immune responses and eliciting efficacious clinical responses.Nykode’s lead product candidates are VB10.16  a therapeutic vaccine for the treatment of human papilloma virus 16 induced malignancies which is in Phase 2 for the treatment of cervical cancer; and VB10.NEO  a cancer neoantigen vaccine  which is exclusively out licensed to Genentech and is in Phase 1b for the treatment of locally advanced and metastatic tumors and Phase 1/2a for the treatment of melanoma  lung-  head and neck  renal-  and bladder cancer. Additionally  Nykode has initiated a Phase 1/2 trial in 2021 with its two next-generation COVID-19 vaccine candidates.The Company has collaborations with Roche  Genentech and Nektar Therapeutics within oncology  a multi-target collaboration with Regeneron within oncology and infectious diseases and a collaboration with Adaptive Biotechnologies for COVID-19 T cell vaccine development.Nykode Therapeutics’ shares are traded on Euronext Growth (Oslo)  a trading platform operatedby Euronext  the leading Pan-European market infrastructure. The ticker code is NYKD. Further information about Nykode Therapeutics may be found at http://www.nykode.com.Contact for Nykode Therapeutics AS:CEO Michael EngsigNykode Therapeutics ASIR@nykode.comNykode Therapeutics ASOslo Science ParkGaustadalléen 21N-0349 Oslo  NorwayForward-looking statements for Nykode TherapeuticsThis announcement and any materials distributed in connection with this announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they reflect the company's current expectations and assumptions as to future events and circumstances that may not prove accurate. A number of material factors could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.27,0.52,True,English,"['second generation Vaccibody vaccine technology', 'AACR) Annual Meeting', 'Nykode Therapeutics', 'preclinical data', '2022 American Association', 'Cancer Research', 'presentation', 'versatile cytokine empowered DNA vaccine platform', 'antigen-specific polyfunctional effector T cells', 'long-lasting antigen specific immune responses', 'COVID-19 T cell vaccine development', 'leading Pan-European market infrastructure', 'superior immune activating potential', 'anti-tumor immune cell response', 'next-generation COVID-19 vaccine candidates', 'live CD45+ infiltrated cells', 'second-generation Vaccibody™ Antigen-Presenting Cell', 'AACR 2022 Annual Meeting program', 'APC)-targeting vaccine technology', 'anti-tumor immune responses', 'live CD45+ cells', 'Antigen Presenting Cells', 'powerful immune response', 'modular vaccine technology', 'AACR) Annual Meeting', 'efficacious clinical responses', 'superior tumor control', 'lead product candidates', 'human papilloma virus', 'CEO Michael Engsig', 'tumor specific antigens', 'cancer neoantigen vaccine', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Phase 1/2 trial', 'Oslo Science Park', 'Nykode Therapeutics AS', 'tumor cells', 'therapeutic vaccine', 'second-generation platform', 'Vaccibody molecule', 'first-generation platform', 'trading platform', 'Scientific Papers', 'Nektar Therapeutics', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'immune-stimulatory cytokines', 'poster session', '2022 American Association', 'immune-stimulatory proteins', 'three-fold boost', 'APC-targeted delivery', 'historical challenge', 'Mikkel Pedersen', 'preclinical results', 'poster presentation', 'Session Date', 'Presentations section', 'infectious diseases', 'rapid, strong', '16 induced malignancies', 'cervical cancer', 'metastatic tumors', 'bladder cancer', 'The Company', 'Adaptive Biotechnologies', 'ticker code', 'Further information', 'Gaustadalléen', 'Forward-looking statements', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'material factors', 'actual results', 'Phase 1b', 'Euronext Growth', 'novel immunotherapies', 'preclinical data', 'Cancer Research', 'Session Title', 'multi-target collaboration', 'unique vaccines', 'cancer vaccines', 'Norway', 'April', 'NYKD', 'discovery', 'Tuesday', 'comparison', 'advantages', 'ability', 'innovation', 'pipeline', 'expression', 'expansion', 'addition', 'infiltration', 'proliferation', 'differentiation', 'proportion', 'DCs', 'cDC', 'Details', 'Abstract', 'Authors', 'Beraas', 'Oncolytic', 'Prophylactic', 'Time', 'Story', 'website', 'treatment', 'VB', 'Genentech', 'locally', 'melanoma', 'head', 'two', 'collaborations', 'Roche', 'oncology', 'Regeneron', 'shares', 'Contact', 'announcement', 'materials', 'connection', 'nature', 'risk', 'uncertainty', 'assumptions', 'circumstances', 'number', 'developments', '1:30', '5:00']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2537,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-present-needham-healthcare-050000711.html,Sequana Medical to present at Needham’s Healthcare Conference and attend Kempen’s Life Sciences Conference in April 2022,"Ghent  Belgium – 8 April 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  an innovator in the treatment of diuretic...","Sequana Medical NVGhent  Belgium – 8 April 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  an innovator in the treatment of diuretic-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  malignant ascites and heart failure  today announces that it will attend the following upcoming investor conferences in April 2022:Presentation by Ian Crosbie  CEO  on Thursday 14 April at 08:45am ET / 14:45 CETParticipation by Sequana Medical on Wednesday 20 AprilSequana Medical will be meeting with international investors in 1-to-1 and small group meetings. Presentation slides will be available on Sequana Medical's Investors website shortly after the events.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsTel: +32 498 05 35 79Email: IR@sequanamedical.comLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van RenterghemTel: +41 76 735 01 31Email: gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.comAbout Sequana MedicalSequana Medical is a commercial stage medical device company utilizing its proprietary alfapump® and DSR® (Direct Sodium Removal) technologies to develop innovative treatments for fluid overload in liver disease  malignant ascites and heart failure where diuretics are no longer effective. Fluid overload is a frequent complication of many large diseases – including advanced liver disease driven by NASH (non-alcoholic steatohepatitis)-related cirrhosis and heart failure – with diuretic resistance being widespread. The U.S. market for the alfapump resulting from NASH-related cirrhosis is forecast to exceed €3 billion annually within the next 10-20 years. The heart failure market for DSR and the alfapump DSR® is estimated to be over €5 billion annually in the U.S. and EU5 by 2026.The alfapump is Sequana Medical's unique  fully implanted wireless device that automatically pumps fluid from the abdominal cavity into the bladder  where it is naturally eliminated through urination. DSR is Sequana Medical's proprietary approach to managing sodium and fluid overload (congestion) through use of a sodium-free infusate administered into the abdominal cavity.Story continuesIn the U.S.  the Company's key growth market  the alfapump has been granted breakthrough device designation by the FDA for recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. Interim data from the ongoing North American pivotal study (POSEIDON) showed positive outcomes against all primary endpoints  rapid and persistent clinically important improvement in quality of life as well as a mean survival probability of 70% at 12 months post-implantation (compared to 50% survival rate for refractory ascites patients in the published literature). All patients have been implanted with the alfapump and primary endpoint reporting is planned for Q4 2022. This study is intended to support a future marketing application of the alfapump in the U.S. and Canada. In Europe  the alfapump is CE-marked for the management of refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis and malignant ascites and is included in key clinical practice guidelines. Over 900 alfapump systems have been implanted to date.Sequana Medical has combined its proven alfapump and proprietary DSR therapy  and is developing the alfapump DSR  a breakthrough approach to fluid overload due to heart failure. Top-line results of the RED DESERT study and interim results of the SAHARA DESERT study indicate that repeated DSR therapy in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients is able to safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate persistent congestion and restore euvolemia  improve cardio-renal status and restore diuretic response for months post-treatment. Reporting of top-line data for SAHARA DESERT is planned for H2 2022.Sequana Medical is headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is not currently approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. The DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. The DSR therapy is not currently approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between the DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in Australia  the Benelux  the EU  United Kingdom  Hong Kong  Israel  Norway  and Switzerland. alfapump DSR® is a registered trademarks in Australia  the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  Hong Kong  Israel  New Zealand  and Norway.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.18,0.37,0.45,True,English,"['Life Sciences Conference', 'Healthcare Conference', 'Sequana Medical', 'Needham', 'Kempen', 'April', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'NASH (non-alcoholic steatohepatitis)-related cirrhosis', 'ongoing North American pivotal study', 'commercial stage medical device company', 'persistent clinically important improvement', 'key clinical practice guidelines', 'The U.S. market', 'diuretic-resistant heart failure patients', 'upcoming investor conferences', 'key growth market', 'implanted wireless device', 'Important Regulatory Disclaimers', 'breakthrough device designation', 'small group meetings', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'many large diseases', 'next 10-20 years', 'future marketing application', 'mean survival probability', 'RED DESERT study', 'heart failure market', 'Direct Sodium Removal', 'SAHARA DESERT study', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'advanced liver disease', 'The DSR® therapy', 'The DSR therapy', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'primary endpoint reporting', 'POSEIDON clinical study', 'The alfapump® system', 'proprietary DSR therapy', 'refractory ascites patients', 'ongoing pre-clinical', 'ongoing investigations', 'POSEIDON Study', 'liver cirrhosis', 'clinical investigation', 'clinical research', 'primary endpoints', '50% survival rate', 'breakthrough approach', 'persistent congestion', 'adult patients', 'NASH-related cirrhosis', 'proprietary approach', 'malignant ascites', 'proprietary alfapump®', 'alfapump system', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Ian Crosbie', 'international investors', 'Investors website', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'innovative treatments', 'frequent complication', 'diuretic resistance', 'abdominal cavity', 'sodium-free infusate', 'Interim data', 'positive outcomes', 'Top-line results', 'interim results', 'cardio-renal status', 'diuretic response', 'top-line data', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'Hong Kong', 'New Zealand', 'press release', 'other inform', 'proven alfapump', 'recurrent ascites', 'alfapump DSR®', 'Thursday 14 April', 'Wednesday 20 April', 'Presentation slides', 'months post-treatment', 'registered trademark', 'Forward-looking statements', '8 April', '12 months', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'innovator', 'following', 'CEO', '08:45am', '14:45 CET', 'Participation', '1-to-1', 'events', 'information', 'Tel', 'Email', 'gvanrenterghem', 'lifesciadvisors', 'technologies', 'diuretics', 'EU5', 'bladder', 'urination', 'use', 'Story', 'FDA', 'rapid', 'quality', 'implantation', 'literature', 'Q4', 'Canada', 'Europe', 'management', 'date', 'euvolemia', 'H2', 'sequanamedical', 'poseidonstudy', 'development', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'link', 'Note', 'Australia', 'Benelux', 'Israel', 'Norway', 'Switzerland', 'trademarks', 'China', 'predictions', 'estimates', '32 498', '41']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2538,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-share-buyback-program-liquidity-060000976.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 31 March 2022 to 6 April 2022 Share Buyback Program In the context of the share...,BekaertUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 31 March 2022 to 6 April 2022Share Buyback ProgramIn the context of the share buyback program of Bekaert  announced on 25 February 2022   the first tranche of €30 million started on 18 March 2022 .Bekaert announces today that during the period from 31 March 2022 to 6 April 2022  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 125 763 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the first tranche of the share buy back program during the period from 31 March 2022 and 6 April 2022:Repurchase of sharesDate Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Price paid (€) Lowest Price paid (€) Total Amount (€) 31 March 2022 Euronext Brussels 14 590 35.81 36.04 35.52 522 468 MTF CBOE 8 920 35.80 36.04 35.66 319 336 MTF Tuquoise 2 130 35.75 35.98 35.68 76 148 MTF Aquis 2 350 35.83 36.06 35.68 84 201 1 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 11 661 36.11 36.56 35.34 421 079 MTF CBOE 7 110 36.28 36.54 35.68 257 951 MTF Turquoise 692 36.26 36.48 35.78 25 092 MTF Aquis 1 816 36.26 36.48 35.66 65 848 4 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 12 340 36.19 36.50 35.76 446 585 MTF CBOE 9 122 36.20 36.50 35.74 330 216 MTF Turquoise 534 36.22 36.38 35.74 19 341 MTF Aquis 2 300 36.23 36.48 35.96 83 329 5 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 13 570 35.66 35.96 35.34 483 906 MTF CBOE 9 030 35.59 35.90 35.30 321 378 MTF Turquoise 2 100 35.62 35.88 35.50 74 802 MTF Aquis 2 300 35.65 35.88 35.54 81 995 6 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 12 768 34.97 35.62 34.62 446 497 MTF CBOE 8 670 34.91 35.56 34.66 302 670 MTF Turquoise 1 771 35.07 35.22 34.76 62 109 MTF Aquis 1 989 35.07 35.22 34.72 69 754 Total 125 763 35.74 36.56 34.62 4 494 704As announced on 25 February 2022 and 18 March 2022  the purpose of the program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company. All shares repurchased as part of the program will be cancelled.Liquidity agreementStory continuesIn the context of the liquidity agreement entered into by Bekaert with Kepler Cheuvreux on 2 September 2021 (see press release of 3 September 2021)   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 10 200 shares during the period from 31 March 2022 to 6 April 2022 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 7 000 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 31 March 2022 to 6 April 2022:Purchase of sharesDate Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 31 March 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 1 April 2022 900 35.34 35.40 35.30 31 806 4 April 2022 800 35.90 36.00 35.80 28 720 5 April 2022 5 000 35.65 36.00 35.28 178 250 6 April 2022 3 500 34.81 35.20 34.54 121 835 Total 10 200 - - - 360 611Sale of sharesDate Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 31 March 2022 3 000 35.74 36.00 35.70 107 220 1 April 2022 3 600 36.02 36.50 35.60 129 672 4 April 2022 400 36.40 36.40 36.40 14 560 5 April 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 6 April 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 Total 7 000 - - - 251 452The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 78 132 shares.On 6 April 2022 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 213 169 own shares  or 5.32 % of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.38,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'shares Date Market Number', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'first tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Tuquoise', '148 MTF Aquis', '951 MTF Turquoise', '216 MTF Turquoise', '341 MTF Aquis', '802 MTF Aquis', 'press release', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '125 763 shares', '10 200 shares', '7 000 shares', '78 132 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '31 March', '6 April', 'context', '25 February', '18 March', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', 'April 2022', 'purpose', 'company', 'part', 'Story', '2 September', '3 September', '1 April', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '3 213 169']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2539,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wolters-kluwer-completes-acquisition-ids-141500426.html,Wolters Kluwer completes acquisition of IDS,Wolters Kluwer completes acquisition of IDS April 8  2022 — Wolters Kluwer Governance  Risk & Compliance (GRC) today announces that it has completed the...,Wolters Kluwer completes acquisition of IDSApril 8  2022 — Wolters Kluwer Governance  Risk & Compliance (GRC) today announces that it has completed the acquisition of IDS.On March 9  2022  Wolters Kluwer GRC announced that it signed an agreement with The Reynolds and Reynolds Company to acquire International Document Services  Inc. (IDS)  a leading U.S. provider of compliance and document generation software solutions for the mortgage and real estate industry  for approximately $70 million in cash.---About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation: general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Story continuesCertain trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,mixed,0.13,0.33,0.54,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'acquisition', 'IDS', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'leading U.S. provider', 'document generation software solutions', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'real estate industry', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'International Document Services', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Wolters Kluwer Governance', 'Wolters Kluwer GRC', 'new information', 'expert solutions', 'professional information', 'global leader', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'The Reynolds', 'Reynolds Company', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'acquisition', 'IDS', 'April', 'Compliance', 'March', 'agreement', 'mortgage', 'cash', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'customers', 'group', 'operations', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Story', 'trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2540,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-announces-sale-25-stake-060700058.html,Stellantis Announces Sale of 25% Stake in GEFCO,Stellantis Announces Sale of 25% Stake in GEFCO AMSTERDAM  April 8  2022 – Stellantis N.V. today announced it has sold its remaining 25% stake in GEFCO S.A. ...,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Announces Sale of 25% Stake in GEFCOAMSTERDAM  April 8  2022 – Stellantis N.V. today announced it has sold its remaining 25% stake in GEFCO S.A. to the CMA CGM Group  a world leader in transport and logistics.“The sale of this non-strategic asset marks the last step of our exit plan  initiated a decade ago  from the transportation and logistics industry ” said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. “Moving forward  Stellantis now has an efficient global supply chain with diverse logistics suppliers  among which GEFCO continues to play a meaningful role.”# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,negative,0.03,0.31,0.66,True,English,"['Stellantis', 'Sale', '25% Stake', 'GEFCO', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'efficient global supply chain', 'CMA CGM Group', 'diverse logistics suppliers', 'GEFCO S.A.', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'strategic asset', 'last step', 'exit plan', 'logistics industry', 'Carlos Tavares', 'meaningful role', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Stellantis CEO', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'remaining 25% stake', 'world leader', 'Sale', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'transport', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'Attachment']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2541,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/publication-2021-annual-report-060000221.html,Publication of 2021 Annual Report,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company”) 8 April 2022 Publication of 2021 Annual Report Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR) today announces...,Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company”)8 April 2022Publication of 2021 Annual ReportKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR) today announces the publication and filing of its Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2021.The 2021 Annual Report (in ESEF-compliant and PDF formats) is available for inspection on the Company's website at www.kenmareresources.com/investors/reports-and-presentationsThe 2021 Annual Report has also been submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at the following locations:https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfilingandhttps://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismThe 2021 Annual Report is also available to view directly by clicking on the link at the end of this announcement.It is expected that paper copies of the 2021 Annual Report will be posted to those shareholders who have requested to receive them on 21 April 2022.2021 key highlightsFinancialRecommended 2021 dividend of $32.1 million or USc32.71 per share (2020: USc10.00)  up 227% on 2020  comprising an interim dividend of USc7.29 per share (paid in October 2021) and a final dividend of USc25.42 per share (expected to be paid in June 2022)87% increase in revenue to $455.9 million in 2021 (2020: $243.7 million)  driven by record shipments and a 21% increase in the average price received for Kenmare’s products20% increase in total cash operating costs to $189.7 million (2020: $158.0 million) as a result of a 46% increase in finished product production  plus increased costs relating to repairs and maintenance  Heavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) haulage from the Pilivili operations  and COVID-19 management18% decrease in cash operating costs per tonne to $154 per tonne (2020: $188 per tonne)  benefitting from increased product volumes. 26% decrease in net ilmenite unit costs to $93 per tonne (2020: $125 per tonne)  due to increased ilmenite production and higher co-product revenues182% increase in EBITDA to $216.1 million (2020: $76.7 million)  due to increased production  stronger product pricing and lower unit costs  representing a 51% EBITDA margin (2020: 33%)669% increase in profit after tax to $128.5 million (2020: $16.7 million) due to higher EBITDA  partially offset by increased depreciation chargesNet debt position of $82.8 million at year-end 2021  compared to $64.0 million at year-end 2020  following the completion of the $81.6 million share buy-backStory continuesOperationalRecord annual HMC production of 1 555 900 tonnes  representing a 30% increase compared to 2020 (1 201 100 tonnes)  benefitting from increased tonnes mined and higher ore grades48% increase in ilmenite production to 1 119 400 tonnes (2020: 756 000 tonnes)  benefitting from increased HMC processed51% increase in shipments of finished products to 1 285 300 tonnes (2020: 853 100 tonnes)  reflecting increased production and benefitting from improved transshipment capacityFor further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Katharine SuttonInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367 / +353 87 663 0875Murray (PR advisor)Doug Keatingedkeatinge@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 037 4163About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world’s largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma’s production accounts for approximately 8% of global titanium feedstocks and the Group supplies to customers in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday “quality-of life” items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.29,0.26,0.45,True,English,"['2021 Annual Report', 'Publication', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'total cash operating costs', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'net ilmenite unit costs', 'Record annual HMC production', 'lower unit costs', 'Net debt position', 'global titanium feedstocks', '2021 key highlights Financial', 'Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'Doug Keatinge dkeatinge', 'London Stock Exchange', 'United States dollars', 'stronger product pricing', 'higher ore grades', 'The 2021 Annual Report', 'mineral sands products', 'Kenmare Resources plc', '$81.6 million share buy-back', 'finished product production', 'ilmenite production', 'record shipments', 'product volumes', 'product revenues', 'finished products', 'higher co', 'PDF formats', 'following locations', 'paper copies', 'average price', 'Pilivili operations', 'COVID-19 management', 'higher EBITDA', 'depreciation charges', 'transshipment capacity', 'Jeremy Dibb', 'Katharine Sutton', 'Investor Relations', 'PR advisor', 'largest producers', 'raw materials', 'everyday “quality', 'ceramic tiles', 'monetary amounts', 'Euronext Dublin', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', '51% EBITDA margin', 'LSE:KMR', '2021 dividend', 'Company', 'April', 'Publication', 'ISE', 'filing', 'year', '31 December', 'ESEF-compliant', 'inspection', 'website', 'kenmareresources', 'investors', 'reports', 'presentations', 'fca', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'link', 'announcement', 'shareholders', 'USc', 'October', 'June', '87% increase', '21% increase', '20% increase', 'result', '46% increase', 'repairs', 'maintenance', 'haulage', '18% decrease', 'tonne', '26% decrease', '182% increase', '669% increase', 'profit', 'tax', 'completion', 'Story', 'Operational', '30% increase', '48% increase', '51% increase', 'information', 'Tel', 'Mob', 'Murray', 'world', 'Mozambique', 'Group', 'customers', '15 countries', 'life', 'items', 'paints', 'plastics', 'Attachment', '2020']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2542,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220408005352/en/Transgene-to-Present-New-Positive-Preliminary-Phase-I-Clinical-Data-at-AACR-2022-Reinforcing-the-Potential-of-TG4050,Transgene to Present New Positive Preliminary Phase I Clinical Data at AACR 2022  Reinforcing the Potential of TG4050,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  will present additional positive immunogenicity and clinica…,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  will present additional positive immunogenicity and clinical data on TG4050  its individualized neoantigen cancer vaccine. TG4050 is currently being evaluated in two ongoing multicenter Phase I trials in patients with ovarian cancer and head and neck cancer. In a poster presentation  Transgene will discuss how these new data further demonstrate the ability of this neoantigen cancer vaccine to induce strong immune responses  targeting patient-specific mutations  that are expected to translate into clinical benefit for patients.These results will be presented during a late-breaking poster session at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) meeting on April 12  2022  in New Orleans  Louisiana  USA.New immune cell response data confirm the ability of this individualized vaccine to effectively prime the immune systemTransgene is presenting a comprehensive set of immunological data. Circulating immune cells quantification (in particular monocytes  DC  NK cells  subcells of CD8  CD4  Treg) and expression of immune checkpoints (ICOS and PD1) suggest that the vaccine is able to effectively induce innate and adaptive immune responses in patients.All evaluable patients developed a robust T-cell responses against multiple targeted neoantigens (median of 10 positive responses per patient). T-cell responses were observed for class I and class II epitopes  they consisted of de novo responses and amplifications of preexisting responses.New clinical data obtained from patients treated with TG4050 provide a positive update on the two ongoing trialsIn the head and neck trial  patients have been randomized to immediatly receive vaccination with TG4050 (early treatment arm  arm A) or at relapse (delayed vaccination arm  arm B). All patients randomized to arm A (n=7) are stable as of mid-March 2022. In arm B (n=6)  two patients have recently experienced relapse.In the ovarian trial (n=4)  one patient treated after an elevation of CA-125 experienced a normalization of CA-125 without clinical progression for 9 months until death from an unrelated chronic illness. Another patient was treated upon onset of radiological evidence of relapse and was stable for 11.4 months.To date  the vaccine has been well tolerated and no related Serious Adverse Events have been reported across the two studies.In both clinical studies  enrollment and patient dosing are progressing in line with our expectations. Overall  Transgene plans to treat 13 patients in the ovarian cancer trial and 30 patients in the head and neck trial.Poster title: Phase I trials of personalized cancer vaccine TG4050 in surgically treated high-risk head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) and relapsing ovarian cancer (OvC) patientsSession title : Phase I Clinical Trials 2: Phase I Clinical Trials 2 Poster and abstract number : CT182: CT182 Date  time  location : Tuesday  April 12  2022  9:00 AM - 12:30 PM CDT  Board 7  Section 33: Tuesday  April 12  2022  9:00 AM - 12:30 PM CDT  Board 7  Section 33 Authors : M. Block  JP Delord  C. Ottensmeier  C. Le Tourneau  A. Lalanne  O. Lantz  K. Knutson  G. Lacoste  A. Tavernaro  M. Brandely  N. Silvestre  B. Grellier  Y. Yamashita  O. Kousuke  N. Yamagata  E. Quemeneur  K. BendjamaThe abstract and the poster can be accessed on the AACR and Transgene websites.First positive preliminary clinical data generated in the first patients treated with TG4050 were announced in November 2021 and can be found here.Transgene is also presenting preclinical data obtained with BT-001 at the AACR meeting. BT-001 is an Invir.IO™ based oncolytic virus  encoding a Treg-depleting human recombinant anti-CTLA-4 antibody generated by BioInvent and the human GM-CSF cytokine.Poster title: “Comprehensive preclinical studies of BT-001: an oncolytic vaccinia virus armed with Treg‑depleting @CTLA4 and GM-CSF”Poster and abstract number: 3567More information can be found here.The abstract and the poster can be accessed on the AACR and Transgene websites.***About the clinical trialsTG4050 is being evaluated in two Phase I clinical trials for patients with ovarian cancer (NCT03839524) and HPV-negative head and neck cancers (NCT04183166).In a first Phase I trial  TG4050 is being administered to patients with HPV-negative head and neck cancer. A personalized treatment is created for each patient after they complete surgery and while they receive an adjuvant therapy. Half of the participants receive their vaccine immediately after they complete their adjuvant treatment. The other half is given TG4050 as an additional treatment at the time of recurrence of the disease. This randomized study is evaluating the treatment benefits of TG4050 in patients who have a high risk of relapse. Up to 30 patients will receive TG4050 in France  in the UK and in the USA. The principal investigator of the trial is Prof. Christian Ottensmeier  MD  PhD  Consultant Medical Oncologist at the Clatterbridge Cancer Centre and Professor of Immuno-Oncology at the University of Liverpool. In France  the clinical trial is being conducted at Institut Curie  Paris by Prof. Christophe Le Tourneau  MD  PhD  Head of the Department of Drug Development and Innovation (D3i)  and at the IUCT-Oncopole  Toulouse by Prof. Jean-Pierre Delord. In the USA  the trial is being led by Dr. Yujie Zhao  MD  PhD  at the Mayo Clinic. Endpoints of the trial include safety  feasibility and biological activity of the therapeutic vaccine.In parallel  a Phase I clinical trial of TG4050 is enrolling patients with ovarian cancer. This second trial is including patients at the time of asymptomatic relapse after surgery and first-line chemotherapy. Dr. Matthew Block  MD  PhD  Consultant Medical Oncology  Consultant Immunology and Associate Professor of Oncology at the Mayo Clinic (USA) is the principal investigator of the trial; in France  the trial is being conducted by Prof. Le Tourneau  MD  PhD  at Institut Curie and by Dr. Alexandra Martinez  MD  Associate Head of Surgical Department  at IUCT-Oncopole. Endpoints of the trial include safety  feasibility and biological activity of the therapeutic vaccine.First positive preliminary clinical data generated in the first patients treated with TG4050 were announced in November 2021. More information here or in this video here.About myvac®myvac® is a viral vector (MVA – Modified Vaccinia Ankara) based  individualized immunotherapy platform that has been developed by Transgene to target solid tumors. myvac®-derived products are designed to stimulate the patient’s immune system  recognize and destroy tumors using the patient’s own cancer specific genetic mutations. Transgene has set up an innovative network that combines bioengineering  digital transformation  established vectorization know-how and unique manufacturing capabilities. Transgene has been awarded “Investment for the Future” funding from Bpifrance for the development of its platform myvac®. TG4050 is the first myvac®-derived product being evaluated in clinical trials.Click here to watch a short video on myvac®.About TG4050TG4050 is an individualized immunotherapy being developed for solid tumors that is based on Transgene’s myvac® technology and powered by NEC’s longstanding artificial intelligence (AI) expertise. This virus-based therapeutic vaccine encodes neoantigens (patient-specific mutations) identified and selected by NEC’s Neoantigen Prediction System. The prediction system is based on more than two decades of expertise in AI and has been trained on proprietary data allowing it to accurately prioritize and select the most immunogenic sequences.TG4050 is designed to stimulate the immune system of patients in order to induce a T-cell response that is able to recognize and destroy tumor cells based on their own neoantigens. This individualized immunotherapy is developed and produced for each patient.About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells.The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of two therapeutic vaccines (TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  and TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform) as well as two oncolytic viruses (TG6002 for the treatment of solid tumors  and BT-001  the first oncolytic virus based on the Invir.IO™ platform).With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO™  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses. Transgene has an ongoing Invir.IO™ collaboration with AstraZeneca.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.fr. Follow us on Twitter: @TransgeneSATransgene disclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.19,0.26,0.55,True,English,"['New Positive Preliminary Phase I Clinical Data', 'Transgene', 'AACR', 'Potential', 'TG4050', 'two ongoing multicenter Phase I trials', 'Treg-depleting human recombinant anti-CTLA-4 antibody', 'two Phase I clinical trials', 'New immune cell response data', 'First positive preliminary clinical data', 'Phase I Clinical Trials 2', 'neck squamous cell carcinoma', 'first Phase I trial', 'Circulating immune cells quantification', 'two ongoing trials', 'OvC) patients Session title', 'individualized neoantigen cancer vaccine', 'New clinical data', 'personalized cancer vaccine TG4050', 'multiple targeted neoantigens', 'unrelated chronic illness', 'Serious Adverse Events', 'human GM-CSF cytokine', 'strong immune responses', 'adaptive immune responses', 'additional positive immunogenicity', 'class II epitopes', 'C. Le Tourneau', 'Prof. Christian Ottensmeier', 'late-breaking poster session', 'oncolytic vaccinia virus', 'robust T-cell responses', 'Up to 30 patients', 'Comprehensive preclinical studies', 'ovarian cancer trial', 'new data', 'two studies', 'preclinical data', '10 positive responses', 'individualized vaccine', 'immune system', 'immune checkpoints', 'first patients', 'clinical benefit', 'two patients', 'clinical progression', 'New Orleans', 'immunological data', 'NK cells', 'positive update', 'C. Ottensmeier', 'oncolytic virus', 'personalized treatment', 'neck cancer', 'neck trial', 'ovarian trial', 'comprehensive set', 'Cancer Research', 'novo responses', 'preexisting responses', 'additional treatment', 'Poster title', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'biotech company', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'patient-specific mutations', 'American Association', 'radiological evidence', 'M. Block', 'JP Delord', 'A. Lalanne', 'O. Lantz', 'K. Knutson', 'G. Lacoste', 'A. Tavernaro', 'M. Brandely', 'N. Silvestre', 'B. Grellier', 'Y. Yamashita', 'O. Kousuke', 'N. Yamagata', 'E. Quemeneur', 'K. Bendjama', 'Invir.IO™', 'More information', 'adjuvant therapy', 'randomized study', 'high risk', 'principal investigator', 'adjuvant treatment', 'treatment benefits', 'poster presentation', 'arm B', 'Euronext Paris', 'AACR) meeting', 'evaluable patients', 'high-risk head', 'abstract number', 'Section 33 Authors', 'AACR meeting', 'Treg‑depleting', 'HPV-negative head', 'other half', 'treatment arm', 'one patient', 'patient dosing', 'Transgene websites', 'vaccination arm', 'CT182 Date', '13 patients', 'STRASBOURG', 'France', 'TNG', 'ability', 'results', 'April', 'Louisiana', 'USA', 'particular', 'monocytes', 'DC', 'subcells', 'CD', 'expression', 'ICOS', 'innate', 'amplifications', 'relapse', 'mid-March', 'elevation', 'CA-125', 'normalization', '9 months', 'death', 'onset', '11.4 months', 'enrollment', 'line', 'expectations', 'HNSCC', 'time', 'location', 'Tuesday', '9:00 AM', '12:30 PM', 'Board', 'November', 'BT-001', 'BioInvent', 'CTLA4', 'surgery', 'participants', 'recurrence', 'disease', 'MD']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,businesswire.com
2543,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/conditions-obtaining-consulting-preparatory-documents-115100274.html,Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2022,PARIS  FRANCE  April 8  2022 – Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2022 The ...,TarkettPARIS  FRANCE  April 8  2022 – Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2022The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett will be held on Friday April 29  2022 at 9h30 a.m. at the Auditorium located in ground floor of the registered address (Tour Initiale – 1  Terrasse Bellini – 92919 Paris la Défense).The preliminary notice of meeting serving as a convening notice  comprising the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) of March 25  2022. The notice of meeting will be published in the French legal newspaper Les Petites Affiches on April 13  2022. These notices include information on how to attend and vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting.In accordance with Articles R. 225-83 and R. 225-89 of the French Commercial Code  the documents that must be made available to shareholders in connection with Shareholders’ Meetings will be available at the registered office as from April 14  2022  the fifteenth day before the Shareholders’ Meeting.The documents provided for in Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted on the Company's website www.tarkett-group.com  as from today  the twenty-first day preceding the Shareholders’ Meeting.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative flooring and sports surface solutions  with net sales of € 2.8 billion in 2021. Offering a wide range of products including vinyl  linoleum  rubber  carpet  wood  laminate  artificial turf and athletics tracks  the Group serves customers in over 100 countries across the globe. Tarkett has 12 000 employees and 4 34 industrial sites  and sells 1.3 million square meters of flooring every day  for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields. Committed to change the game with circular economy and to reducing its carbon footprint  the Group has implemented an eco-innovation strategy based on Cradle to Cradle® principles  fully aligned with its Tarkett HumanConscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comStory continuesAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.52,0.36,0.12,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'Conditions', 'April', '2022', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', '92919 Paris la Défense', 'Tarkett HumanConscious Design® approach', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Les Petites Affiches', 'Investor Relations Contact', '1.3 million square meters', 'French legal newspaper', 'French Commercial Code', 'sports surface solutions', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'French Bulletin', 'sports fields', 'Euronext Paris', 'Shareholders’ Meetings', '9h30 a', 'ground floor', 'Tour Initiale', 'Terrasse Bellini', 'draft resolutions', 'first day', 'worldwide leader', 'net sales', 'wide range', 'artificial turf', 'athletics tracks', '4 34 industrial sites', 'circular economy', 'carbon footprint', 'eco-innovation strategy', 'compartment B', 'preliminary notice', 'convening notice', 'innovative flooring', 'Cradle® principles', 'preparatory documents', 'Friday April', 'FRANCE', 'Conditions', 'Auditorium', 'address', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'March', 'notices', 'information', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'R.', 'connection', 'office', 'fifteenth', 'Company', 'website', 'tarkett-group', 'today', 'twenty', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'products', 'vinyl', 'linoleum', 'rubber', 'carpet', 'wood', 'laminate', 'customers', '100 countries', 'globe', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'stores', 'game', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment', '33']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2544,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-declaration-number-070000781.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2022,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 8  2022 Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2022 Dassault...,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 8  2022Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of March 31  2022Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2022  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 337 454 815Number of voting rights*: 1 998 446 861*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investors Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations’ ContactsFrançois-José BORDONADO / Béatrix MARTINEZinvestors@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 69 24USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comStory continues© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'March', 'French “société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Investors Relations Service', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'François-José BORDONADO', 'Béatrix MARTINEZ', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'commercial trademarks', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'mail address', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'total number', 'other countries', '3DS logo', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'April', 'Declaration', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Contacts', 'USA', 'Canada', 'callie', 'gauzer', 'Story', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2545,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220408005033/en/Technip-Energies-Announces-Publication-Date-for-First-Quarter-2022-Financial-Results-and-Conference-Call,Technip Energies Announces Publication Date for First Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Conference Call,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) will issue its first quarter 2022 financial results on Monday April 25  2022  at 07:30 CET. The Company will host a results conference call on the same day at 13:00 CET. To participate in the conference call…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) will issue its first quarter 2022 financial results on Monday April 25  2022  at 07:30 CET. The Company will host a results conference call on the same day at 13:00 CET.To participate in the conference call  please use one of the following telephone numbers and dial in approximately 10 minutes prior to the scheduled start time:FR: +33 1 70 95 03 46 UK: +44 (0) 2071 928338 US: +1 646 741 31 67 Conference Code: 1977935The event will be webcast simultaneously and can be accessed at:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/fg4b68nxTo listen to the webcast  please register on the website at least 10 minutes before the call begins. The webcast will be available on-demand shortly after it has finished.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The Company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADR”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter. For further information: www.technipenergies.com.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['First Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Technip Energies', 'Publication Date', 'Conference Call', 'robust project delivery model', 'first quarter 2022 financial results', 'following telephone numbers', 'scheduled start time', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'growing market positions', 'results conference call', 'Technip Energies shares', 'leadership positions', 'Conference Code', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'The Company', 'same day', 'leading Engineering', 'Technology company', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'services offering', 'innovative projects', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Monday', 'April', '13:00 CET', '10 minutes', 'FR', 'UK', 'event', 'media', 'webcast', 'website', 'demand', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADR', 'program', 'counter', 'information', 'technipenergies', '07:30']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,businesswire.com
2546,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/akwel-net-earnings-51-2-050000883.html,AKWEL: NET EARNINGS OF €51.2 M IN 2021,Thursday 7 April 2022 NET EARNINGS OF €51.2 M IN 2021 AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer...,AkwelThursday 7 April 2022NET EARNINGS OF €51.2 M IN 2021AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management and mechanisms  posted its 2021 annual results.Consolidated data - in € millions 2021 2020 Var. in % Revenue 922.5 937.2 -1.6% EBITDA 117.1 175.3 -33.2% Current operating income 75.2 113.7 -33.8% Current operating margin 8.2% 12.1% -3.9 pts Operating income 70.4 107.0 -34.2% Financial income (2.2) (1.9) - Net result (group share) 51.2 85.5 -40.2% Net margin 5.5% 9.1% -3.6 ptsAKWEL managed to achieve its objective of increasing business  with reported revenue down 1.6% but up 2.8% at constant scope and exchange rates.Gross operating surplus (EBITDA) was down 33.2%. Profit from recurring operations was €75.2m  down 33.8%  representing a current operating margin of 8.2%  comparable to pre-crisis results. This level of profitability continues to position AKWEL as one of the best-performing European auto parts manufacturers.AKWEL generated a free cash flow of €57.1m in 2021  leading to a positive net cash position of €98.2m. The distribution of a dividend maintained at €0.45 per share will be proposed at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.Production uncertainties remain high on commodities and components and an inflationary global environment reinforced by the geopolitical situation. AKWEL  which has no direct exposure to the Ukraine-Russia region  anticipates a moderate increase in its business  with profitability likely to continue to be penalised by the lack of visibility  rising purchasing prices  and the difficulty of quickly passing on major increases in energy and transport costs. With a robust financial position  the Group will increase its investments from 2022 to optimise the competitiveness of its sites  and to make the most of all the opportunities identified in terms of product potential as part of the transition from thermal combustion engines to electricity and hydrogen.Story continuesAn independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management and mechanisms  offering first-rate industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 9 700 people worldwide.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.15,0.25,0.6,True,English,"['NET EARNINGS', 'AKWEL', 'performing European auto parts manufacturers', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'positive net cash position', 'free cash flow', 'inflationary global environment', 'rising purchasing prices', 'robust financial position', 'thermal combustion engines', 'Gross operating surplus', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Current operating margin', 'Current operating income', 'independent, family-owned group', 'Net margin', 'exchange rates', 'Financial income', 'NET EARNINGS', '2021 annual results', 'Net result', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'fluid management', 'Consolidated data', 'constant scope', 'recurring operations', 'pre-crisis results', 'Production uncertainties', 'geopolitical situation', 'direct exposure', 'Ukraine-Russia region', 'moderate increase', 'major increases', 'transport costs', 'product potential', 'first-rate industrial', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'group share', 'Akwel', 'Thursday', 'April', 'automotive', 'mechanisms', 'millions', 'Var', 'Revenue', 'EBITDA', 'objective', 'business', 'Profit', 'level', 'distribution', 'dividend', 'Shareholders', 'commodities', 'components', 'lack', 'visibility', 'difficulty', 'energy', 'investments', 'competitiveness', 'sites', 'opportunities', 'terms', 'transition', 'electricity', 'hydrogen', 'Story', 'applying', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '9,700 people', 'Attachment', '€', '6', '8.']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2547,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cancellation-euro-shares-held-treasury-170000621.html,Cancellation of Euro Shares held in treasury,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”) a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 64 833 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to12 316 588 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 446 842 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 446 842 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company’s shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).”8 April 2022For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.67,0.3,mixed,0.11,0.28,0.61,True,English,"['Euro Shares', 'Cancellation', 'treasury', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,316,588 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,446,842 shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'April', 'Paris', 'bgholdingltd', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2548,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000149.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.5758 £ 24.8023 Estimated MTD return 0.42 % 0.45 % Estimated YTD return -2.14 % -1.99 % Estimated ITD return 185.76 % 148.02 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.51 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.36 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.9874 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.0631The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', '833 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2549,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/publication-2021-sustainability-report-inaugural-060000357.html,Publication of 2021 Sustainability Report and inaugural Climate Strategy Report,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company”) 8 April 2022 Publication of 2021 Sustainability Report and inaugural Climate Strategy Report Kenmare...,Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company”)8 April 2022Publication of 2021 Sustainability Report and inaugural Climate Strategy ReportKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR) today announces the publication of its Sustainability Report and its inaugural Climate Strategy Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 and advises that both reports are available on the Company's website at www.kenmareresources.com/investors/reports-and-presentations .2021 key sustainability highlights:Lowest ever Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) achieved in 2021 of 0.03 per 200 000 hours worked  an improvement of 88% compared to 2020 (0.25)Kenmare’s Climate Policy approved by the Board and ambition to be Net Zero by 2040 establishedOver 90% of electricity requirements in 2021 were generated from renewable (hydroelectric) sources (2020: 90%)198 hectares of mined land rehabilitated (2020: 181 hectares)At year-end  97% of employees at the Moma Mine were Mozambican (2020: 97%)  with 83% of Moma management roles (supervisor and above) held by Mozambicans  including the General Manager (2020: 80%)At year-end  female employees represented 12.5% of the Mine workforce  up from 10.6% in 2020$2.3 million of continued investment was made into local communities through the Kenmare Moma Development Association (KMAD) (2020: $2.0 million)$26.5 million of payments to the Government of Mozambique (2020: $20 million)Kenmare was named as the most transparent company in Mozambique for the second consecutive year by the Centro de Integridade Pública (CIP) Extractive Industry Transparency IndexThe 2021 Sustainability Report  aligned with the Global Reporting Initiative standards  aims to assist stakeholders to further understand our business by providing transparent demonstration and disclosure of Kenmare’s sustainability performance. The Company reports its performance against its 2021 sustainability targets  which were detailed in the 2020 Sustainability Report  and sets new targets for 2022 and 2025.Story continuesThe 2021 Sustainability Report also outlines the strategy  policies  and management approach of Kenmare's longstanding and on-going commitment to sustainability. These efforts are underpinned by the corporate values of Integrity  Commitment  Accountability  Respect and Excellence (ICARE) and Kenmare’s purpose of “responsibly meeting global demand for quality-of-life minerals.”The 2021 Climate Strategy Report is aligned with the recommendations of Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) and contains our disclosures in this regard. Kenmare supports the aims of the TCFD and believes businesses should communicate the risks and opportunities that climate change presents.Kenmare has also published a Sustainability Fact Book  which is a Microsoft Excel document containing the Company’s key sustainability figures to allow investors to compare its performance to other companies in a quick and efficient manner. The Sustainability Factbook is available on the Company’s website at https://www.kenmareresources.com/en/sustainability .Statement from Elaine Dorward-King  Chair of the Sustainability Committee:“Kenmare made important progress in 2021 in all aspects of its sustainability agenda  most notably with its excellent safety record. The updated Sustainability Strategy sets out short and medium-term targets  which include continuing to increase the representation of women within the business  growing the economic opportunities associated with the Moma Mine through increased local procurement  and building upon our progressive rehabilitation programme to better balance food security and biodiversity. Kenmare’s inaugural Climate Policy was also approved by the Board  formalising our ambition to achieve Net Zero (Scopes 1 and 2) by 2040  with a short-term emissions reduction target of 12% by 2024.”Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director:“Kenmare continues to strive to create long-term sustainable benefits for all our stakeholders and make a tangible difference to the lives of our Mozambican host communities. With the publication of our second Sustainability Report and our first Climate Strategy Report  we continue to raise the standards of environmental  social and governance we hold ourselves to  and remain focused on our purpose of “responsibly meeting global demand for quality-of-life minerals.””For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Katharine SuttonInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367 / +353 87 663 0875Murray (PR advisor)Doug Keatingedkeatinge@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 037 4163About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world’s largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma’s production accounts for approximately 8% of global titanium feedstocks and the Group supplies to customers in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday “quality-of life” items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.52,0.23,0.25,True,English,"['inaugural Climate Strategy Report', '2021 Sustainability Report', 'Publication', 'Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate', 'Centro de Integridade Pública', 'CIP) Extractive Industry Transparency Index', 'short-term emissions reduction target', 'first Climate Strategy Report', 'Global Reporting Initiative standards', 'inaugural Climate Strategy Report', 'The 2021 Climate Strategy Report', 'Kenmare Moma Development Association', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'inaugural Climate Policy', 'global titanium feedstocks', 'renewable (hydroelectric) sources', 'Microsoft Excel document', 'excellent safety record', 'progressive rehabilitation programme', 'long-term sustainable benefits', 'Doug Keatinge dkeatinge', 'mineral sands products', 'London Stock Exchange', 'The 2021 Sustainability Report', 'second Sustainability Report', '2021 key sustainability highlights', 'Sustainability Fact Book', 'key sustainability figures', 'The Sustainability Factbook', 'Moma management roles', 'second consecutive year', 'Climate-related Financial Disclosures', 'Mozambican host communities', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'Sustainability Strategy', '2020 Sustainability Report', 'climate change', 'Moma Mine', 'global demand', 'life minerals', 'Mine workforce', 'local communities', 'management approach', 'The Company', '2021 sustainability targets', 'Sustainability Committee', 'sustainability agenda', 'electricity requirements', 'General Manager', 'continued investment', 'transparent demonstration', 'new targets', 'corporate values', 'Task Force', 'other companies', 'efficient manner', 'Elaine Dorward-King', 'important progress', 'medium-term targets', 'local procurement', 'food security', 'Michael Carvill', 'Managing Director', 'tangible difference', 'Jeremy Dibb', 'Katharine Sutton', 'Investor Relations', 'PR advisor', 'largest producers', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Group supplies', 'sustainability performance', 'LSE:KMR', 'female employees', 'going commitment', 'economic opportunities', 'Net Zero', 'transparent company', 'April', 'Publication', 'ISE', 'reports', 'website', 'kenmareresources', 'investors', 'presentations', 'Lowest', 'LTIFR', '200,000 hours', 'improvement', 'Board', 'ambition', '198 hectares', 'land', '181 hectares', 'year-end', 'supervisor', 'Mozambicans', 'KMAD', 'payments', 'Government', 'Mozambique', 'stakeholders', 'business', 'Story', 'policies', 'longstanding', 'efforts', 'Integrity', 'Accountability', 'Respect', 'Excellence', 'ICARE', 'purpose', 'quality', 'recommendations', 'TCFD', 'regard', 'aims', 'risks', 'quick', 'Statement', 'Chair', 'aspects', 'representation', 'women', 'biodiversity', 'Scopes', 'lives', 'social', 'governance', 'information', 'Tel', 'Mob', 'Murray', 'world', 'production', 'customers']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2550,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/leading-semiconductor-players-advance-next-060000718.html,Leading Semiconductor Players to Advance Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap for Automotive  IoT and Mobile Applications,Leading Semiconductor Players to Advance Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap for Automotive  IoT and Mobile Applications CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and...,"Leading Semiconductor Players to AdvanceNext Generation FD-SOI Roadmap for Automotive  IoT and Mobile ApplicationsCEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics working together to define technology and ecosystem roadmapParis  Grenoble (France)  Malta (USA)  Geneva (Switzerland)  April 8  2022 – CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics have announced a new collaboration in which they intend to jointly define the industry’s next generation roadmap for FD-SOI (fully depleted silicon-on-insulator) technology. Semiconductors and FD-SOI innovation are of strategic value to France and the EU as well as to customers globally. FD-SOI offers substantial benefits for designers and customer systems including lower power consumption as well as easier integration of additional features such as connectivity and security  a key feature for automotive  IoT and mobile applications.“CEA has been  for over 20 years  a pioneer of the FD-SOI technology  within the Grenoble-Crolles ecosystem. CEA has also a long history of deep R&D cooperation with both STMicroelectronics  Soitec and GlobalFoundries and has been very active in the initiatives led by the European Commission and Member States aiming to set up a complete ecosystem for FD-SOI going from material suppliers  design houses  EDA tools providers  fabless companies and end users”  said François Jacq  CEA Chairman. “CEA is highly motivated by this opportunity to prepare a new generation of FD-SOI technology providing higher performance  lower power consumption and lower costs to address the needs of major European markets such as automotive  IoT  5G/6G and manufacturing 4.0.”""FD-SOI is a key technology for the dynamic markets we address and an important growth driver for our industry and our customers ” said Paul Boudre  CEO of Soitec. ""The FD-SOI alliance that we are pleased to announce today is built on Soitec’s capacity to drive innovation in substrates and help launch a new generation of semiconductors serving a large variety of markets including connectivity  automotive  Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence. Together with our partners and allies  we want to confirm our technological leadership and continue to drive innovation in global microelectronics. This collaboration also illustrates how closely we work with our customers to advance technologies  address their future needs  and accompany them to go to market at a high pace.”Story continues“We look forward to deepening our partnership with the leading French and European stakeholders across the full semiconductor value chain and in particular to build on our highly differentiated FDSOI-based solutions together to address the rapid growth of chips requiring low power  connectivity  and security in automotive  IoT and smart mobile devices ” said Tom Caulfield  CEO of GlobalFoundries. “The dynamic European semiconductor ecosystem is important to us and we will continue to invest to grow our presence in the EU as part of our global growth strategy.”“ST was an early innovator in FD-SOI and has been in production for several years  with both custom and standard advanced products for a broad range of end-markets. In particular  the technology supports the automotive industry as it transitions to full digitalization and software-defined architectures in addition to the development of driverless technologies”  said Jean-Marc Chery  President and CEO of STMicroelectronics. “We look forward to working with other leading experts on the next generations of FD-SOI that will enable our customers to overcome the challenges they face as they transition to full digitalization and support the decarbonization of the economy”.About CEAThe CEA is a key player in research  development and innovation in four main areas: energy transition  digital transition  technology for the medicine of the future and defense and security.According to the Clarivate 2022 ranking  the CEA is in The Top 100 Global Innovators  in terms of number of patents filed in France and Europe. We help businesses in all sectors be more competitive  creating high-performance products that stand out from the crowd and developing trail-blazing solutions that lead to changes in our society. We deploy this dynamic approach at sites all over France  aiding local partners to innovate themselves  thus helping to create sustainable value and jobs nationwide  tailored to meet actual industry needs. Alongside this  the CEA provides more than just a kick-start to our 222 startups  agile vectors for transferring the disruptive technology and knowledge developed at our laboratories to industry. For more information: www.cea.frContact:Tuline Laeser+33 6 12 04 40 22Tuline.laeser@cea.frAbout SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in the manufacture of innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 500 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  in 2021 Soitec adopted a corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_ENContact:Media: Investors:Markus Payer investors@soitec.com+352 621 968 002Markus.payer-ext@soitec.comAbout GFGlobalFoundries® (GF®) is one of the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturers. GF is redefining innovation and semiconductor manufacturing by developing and delivering feature-rich process technology solutions that provide leadership performance in pervasive high growth markets. GF offers a unique mix of design  development and fabrication services. With a talented and diverse workforce and an at-scale manufacturing footprint spanning the U.S.  Europe and Asia  GF is a trusted technology source to its worldwide customers. For more information  visit www.gf.com.Contact:Erica McGillGlobalFoundries(518) 795-5240erica.mcgill@gf.comAbout STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 48 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An independent device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and 5G technology. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel : +41.22.929.58.12Celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.55,0.41,0.03,True,English,"['Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap', 'Leading Semiconductor Players', 'Mobile Applications', 'Automotive', 'IoT', 'deep R&D cooperation', 'full semiconductor value chain', 'dynamic European semiconductor ecosystem', 'Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'Leading Semiconductor Players', 'EDA tools providers', 'François Jacq', 'four main areas', 'next generation roadmap', 'important growth driver', 'other leading experts', 'Top 100 Global Innovators', 'differentiated FDSOI-based solutions', 'standard advanced products', 'smart mobile devices', 'lower power consumption', 'major European markets', 'global growth strategy', 'actual industry needs', 'ecosystem roadmap', 'next generations', 'European Commission', 'new generation', 'European stakeholders', 'strategic value', 'lower costs', 'dynamic markets', 'global microelectronics', 'leading French', 'rapid growth', 'low power', 'full digitalization', 'dynamic approach', 'sustainable value', 'Grenoble-Crolles ecosystem', 'complete ecosystem', 'high-performance products', 'trail-blazing solutions', 'Mobile Applications', 'substantial benefits', 'customer systems', 'easier integration', 'additional features', 'key feature', 'long history', 'Member States', 'material suppliers', 'design houses', 'fabless companies', 'end users', 'higher performance', 'Paul Boudre', 'large variety', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'technological leadership', 'high pace', 'Tom Caulfield', 'early innovator', 'broad range', 'software-defined architectures', 'Jean-Marc Chery', 'key player', 'energy transition', 'digital transition', 'Clarivate 2022 ranking', 'agile vectors', 'world leader', 'electronics markets', 'high performance', 'energy efficiency', 'driverless technologies', 'unique technologies', 'FD-SOI alliance', 'new collaboration', 'key technology', 'future needs', 'several years', 'local partners', 'disruptive technology', 'Tech 40 Paris', 'disruptive innovation', 'customers’ needs', 'CEA Chairman', 'FD-SOI technology', 'FD-SOI innovation', 'Tuline Laeser', 'automotive industry', 'The CEA', '20 years', 'IoT', 'Soitec', 'GlobalFoundries', 'STMicroelectronics', 'France', 'Malta', 'USA', 'Geneva', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'silicon', 'insulator', 'Semiconductors', 'designers', 'connectivity', 'security', 'pioneer', 'initiatives', 'opportunity', '5G/6G', 'manufacturing', 'CEO', 'capacity', 'substrates', 'Internet', 'Things', 'allies', 'partnership', 'chips', 'presence', 'production', 'end-markets', 'development', 'President', 'challenges', 'decarbonization', 'economy', 'research', 'medicine', 'defense', 'terms', 'number', 'patents', 'businesses', 'sectors', 'crowd', 'changes', 'society', 'sites', 'jobs', 'kick-start', '222 startups', 'knowledge', 'laboratories', 'information', 'Contact', 'Euronext', 'manufacture', 'company']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2551,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/08/2419032/0/en/Leading-Semiconductor-Players-to-Advance-Next-Generation-FD-SOI-Roadmap-for-Automotive-IoT-and-Mobile-Applications.html,Leading Semiconductor Players to Advance Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap for Automotive  IoT and Mobile Applications - GlobeNewswire,Leading Semiconductor Players to Advance Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap for Automotive  IoT and Mobile Applications   CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and......,"English FrenchLeading Semiconductor Players to AdvanceNext Generation FD-SOI Roadmap for Automotive  IoT and Mobile ApplicationsCEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics working together to define technology and ecosystem roadmapParis  Grenoble (France)  Malta (USA)  Geneva (Switzerland)  April 8  2022 – CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics have announced a new collaboration in which they intend to jointly define the industry’s next generation roadmap for FD-SOI (fully depleted silicon-on-insulator) technology. Semiconductors and FD-SOI innovation are of strategic value to France and the EU as well as to customers globally. FD-SOI offers substantial benefits for designers and customer systems including lower power consumption as well as easier integration of additional features such as connectivity and security  a key feature for automotive  IoT and mobile applications.“CEA has been  for over 20 years  a pioneer of the FD-SOI technology  within the Grenoble-Crolles ecosystem. CEA has also a long history of deep R&D cooperation with both STMicroelectronics  Soitec and GlobalFoundries and has been very active in the initiatives led by the European Commission and Member States aiming to set up a complete ecosystem for FD-SOI going from material suppliers  design houses  EDA tools providers  fabless companies and end users”  said François Jacq  CEA Chairman. “CEA is highly motivated by this opportunity to prepare a new generation of FD-SOI technology providing higher performance  lower power consumption and lower costs to address the needs of major European markets such as automotive  IoT  5G/6G and manufacturing 4.0.”""FD-SOI is a key technology for the dynamic markets we address and an important growth driver for our industry and our customers ” said Paul Boudre  CEO of Soitec. ""The FD-SOI alliance that we are pleased to announce today is built on Soitec’s capacity to drive innovation in substrates and help launch a new generation of semiconductors serving a large variety of markets including connectivity  automotive  Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence. Together with our partners and allies  we want to confirm our technological leadership and continue to drive innovation in global microelectronics. This collaboration also illustrates how closely we work with our customers to advance technologies  address their future needs  and accompany them to go to market at a high pace.”“We look forward to deepening our partnership with the leading French and European stakeholders across the full semiconductor value chain and in particular to build on our highly differentiated FDSOI-based solutions together to address the rapid growth of chips requiring low power  connectivity  and security in automotive  IoT and smart mobile devices ” said Tom Caulfield  CEO of GlobalFoundries. “The dynamic European semiconductor ecosystem is important to us and we will continue to invest to grow our presence in the EU as part of our global growth strategy.”“ST was an early innovator in FD-SOI and has been in production for several years  with both custom and standard advanced products for a broad range of end-markets. In particular  the technology supports the automotive industry as it transitions to full digitalization and software-defined architectures in addition to the development of driverless technologies”  said Jean-Marc Chery  President and CEO of STMicroelectronics. “We look forward to working with other leading experts on the next generations of FD-SOI that will enable our customers to overcome the challenges they face as they transition to full digitalization and support the decarbonization of the economy”.About CEAThe CEA is a key player in research  development and innovation in four main areas: energy transition  digital transition  technology for the medicine of the future and defense and security.According to the Clarivate 2022 ranking  the CEA is in The Top 100 Global Innovators  in terms of number of patents filed in France and Europe. We help businesses in all sectors be more competitive  creating high-performance products that stand out from the crowd and developing trail-blazing solutions that lead to changes in our society. We deploy this dynamic approach at sites all over France  aiding local partners to innovate themselves  thus helping to create sustainable value and jobs nationwide  tailored to meet actual industry needs. Alongside this  the CEA provides more than just a kick-start to our 222 startups  agile vectors for transferring the disruptive technology and knowledge developed at our laboratories to industry. For more information: www.cea.frContact:Tuline Laeser+33 6 12 04 40 22Tuline.laeser@cea.frAbout SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in the manufacture of innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 500 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  in 2021 Soitec adopted a corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_ENContact:Media: Investors:Markus Payer investors@soitec.com+352 621 968 002Markus.payer-ext@soitec.comAbout GFGlobalFoundries® (GF®) is one of the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturers. GF is redefining innovation and semiconductor manufacturing by developing and delivering feature-rich process technology solutions that provide leadership performance in pervasive high growth markets. GF offers a unique mix of design  development and fabrication services. With a talented and diverse workforce and an at-scale manufacturing footprint spanning the U.S.  Europe and Asia  GF is a trusted technology source to its worldwide customers. For more information  visit www.gf.com.Contact:Erica McGillGlobalFoundries(518) 795-5240erica.mcgill@gf.comAbout STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 48 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An independent device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and 5G technology. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel : +41.22.929.58.12Celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap', 'Leading Semiconductor Players', 'Mobile Applications', 'Automotive', 'IoT', 'GlobeNewswire', 'deep R&D cooperation', 'full semiconductor value chain', 'dynamic European semiconductor ecosystem', 'Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'Leading Semiconductor Players', 'EDA tools providers', 'François Jacq', 'four main areas', 'next generation roadmap', 'important growth driver', 'other leading experts', 'Top 100 Global Innovators', 'differentiated FDSOI-based solutions', 'standard advanced products', 'smart mobile devices', 'lower power consumption', 'major European markets', 'global growth strategy', 'actual industry needs', 'ecosystem roadmap', 'next generations', 'European Commission', 'new generation', 'European stakeholders', 'strategic value', 'lower costs', 'dynamic markets', 'global microelectronics', 'leading French', 'rapid growth', 'low power', 'full digitalization', 'dynamic approach', 'sustainable value', 'Grenoble-Crolles ecosystem', 'complete ecosystem', 'high-performance products', 'trail-blazing solutions', 'Mobile Applications', 'English French', 'substantial benefits', 'customer systems', 'easier integration', 'additional features', 'key feature', 'long history', 'Member States', 'material suppliers', 'design houses', 'fabless companies', 'end users', 'higher performance', 'Paul Boudre', 'large variety', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'technological leadership', 'high pace', 'Tom Caulfield', 'early innovator', 'broad range', 'software-defined architectures', 'Jean-Marc Chery', 'key player', 'energy transition', 'digital transition', 'Clarivate 2022 ranking', 'agile vectors', 'world leader', 'electronics markets', 'high performance', 'energy efficiency', 'driverless technologies', 'unique technologies', 'FD-SOI alliance', 'new collaboration', 'key technology', 'future needs', 'several years', 'local partners', 'disruptive technology', 'Tech 40 Paris', 'disruptive innovation', 'customers’ needs', 'CEA Chairman', 'FD-SOI technology', 'FD-SOI innovation', 'Tuline Laeser', 'automotive industry', 'The CEA', '20 years', 'IoT', 'Soitec', 'GlobalFoundries', 'STMicroelectronics', 'France', 'Malta', 'USA', 'Geneva', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'silicon', 'insulator', 'Semiconductors', 'designers', 'connectivity', 'security', 'pioneer', 'initiatives', 'opportunity', '5G/6G', 'manufacturing', 'CEO', 'capacity', 'substrates', 'Internet', 'Things', 'allies', 'partnership', 'chips', 'presence', 'production', 'end-markets', 'development', 'President', 'challenges', 'decarbonization', 'economy', 'research', 'medicine', 'defense', 'terms', 'number', 'patents', 'businesses', 'sectors', 'crowd', 'changes', 'society', 'sites', 'jobs', 'kick-start', '222 startups', 'knowledge', 'laboratories', 'information', 'Contact', 'Euronext', 'manufacture', 'company']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,globenewswire.com
2552,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/08/2419030/0/en/Leading-Semiconductor-Players-to-Advance-Next-Generation-FD-SOI-Roadmap-for-Automotive-IoT-and-Mobile-Applications.html,Leading Semiconductor Players to Advance Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap for Automotive  IoT and Mobile Applications - GlobeNewswire,Leading Semiconductor Players to Advance Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap for Automotive  IoT and Mobile Applications   CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and......,"English FrenchLeading Semiconductor Players to AdvanceNext Generation FD-SOI Roadmap for Automotive  IoT and Mobile ApplicationsCEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics working together to define technology and ecosystem roadmapParis  Grenoble (France)  Malta (USA)  Geneva (Switzerland)  April 8  2022 – CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics have announced a new collaboration in which they intend to jointly define the industry’s next generation roadmap for FD-SOI (fully depleted silicon-on-insulator) technology. Semiconductors and FD-SOI innovation are of strategic value to France and the EU as well as to customers globally. FD-SOI offers substantial benefits for designers and customer systems including lower power consumption as well as easier integration of additional features such as connectivity and security  a key feature for automotive  IoT and mobile applications.“CEA has been  for over 20 years  a pioneer of the FD-SOI technology  within the Grenoble-Crolles ecosystem. CEA has also a long history of deep R&D cooperation with both STMicroelectronics  Soitec and GlobalFoundries and has been very active in the initiatives led by the European Commission and Member States aiming to set up a complete ecosystem for FD-SOI going from material suppliers  design houses  EDA tools providers  fabless companies and end users”  said François Jacq  CEA Chairman. “CEA is highly motivated by this opportunity to prepare a new generation of FD-SOI technology providing higher performance  lower power consumption and lower costs to address the needs of major European markets such as automotive  IoT  5G/6G and manufacturing 4.0.”""FD-SOI is a key technology for the dynamic markets we address and an important growth driver for our industry and our customers ” said Paul Boudre  CEO of Soitec. ""The FD-SOI alliance that we are pleased to announce today is built on Soitec’s capacity to drive innovation in substrates and help launch a new generation of semiconductors serving a large variety of markets including connectivity  automotive  Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence. Together with our partners and allies  we want to confirm our technological leadership and continue to drive innovation in global microelectronics. This collaboration also illustrates how closely we work with our customers to advance technologies  address their future needs  and accompany them to go to market at a high pace.”“We look forward to deepening our partnership with the leading French and European stakeholders across the full semiconductor value chain and in particular to build on our highly differentiated FDSOI-based solutions together to address the rapid growth of chips requiring low power  connectivity  and security in automotive  IoT and smart mobile devices ” said Tom Caulfield  CEO of GlobalFoundries. “The dynamic European semiconductor ecosystem is important to us and we will continue to invest to grow our presence in the EU as part of our global growth strategy.”“ST was an early innovator in FD-SOI and has been in production for several years  with both custom and standard advanced products for a broad range of end-markets. In particular  the technology supports the automotive industry as it transitions to full digitalization and software-defined architectures in addition to the development of driverless technologies”  said Jean-Marc Chery  President and CEO of STMicroelectronics. “We look forward to working with other leading experts on the next generations of FD-SOI that will enable our customers to overcome the challenges they face as they transition to full digitalization and support the decarbonization of the economy”.About CEAThe CEA is a key player in research  development and innovation in four main areas: energy transition  digital transition  technology for the medicine of the future and defense and security.According to the Clarivate 2022 ranking  the CEA is in The Top 100 Global Innovators  in terms of number of patents filed in France and Europe. We help businesses in all sectors be more competitive  creating high-performance products that stand out from the crowd and developing trail-blazing solutions that lead to changes in our society. We deploy this dynamic approach at sites all over France  aiding local partners to innovate themselves  thus helping to create sustainable value and jobs nationwide  tailored to meet actual industry needs. Alongside this  the CEA provides more than just a kick-start to our 222 startups  agile vectors for transferring the disruptive technology and knowledge developed at our laboratories to industry. For more information: www.cea.frContact:Tuline Laeser+33 6 12 04 40 22Tuline.laeser@cea.frAbout SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in the manufacture of innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 500 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  in 2021 Soitec adopted a corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_ENContact:Media: Investors:Markus Payer investors@soitec.com+352 621 968 002Markus.payer-ext@soitec.comAbout GFGlobalFoundries® (GF®) is one of the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturers. GF is redefining innovation and semiconductor manufacturing by developing and delivering feature-rich process technology solutions that provide leadership performance in pervasive high growth markets. GF offers a unique mix of design  development and fabrication services. With a talented and diverse workforce and an at-scale manufacturing footprint spanning the U.S.  Europe and Asia  GF is a trusted technology source to its worldwide customers. For more information  visit www.gf.com.Contact:Erica McGillGlobalFoundries(518) 795-5240erica.mcgill@gf.comAbout STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 48 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An independent device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and 5G technology. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel : +41.22.929.58.12Celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap', 'Leading Semiconductor Players', 'Mobile Applications', 'Automotive', 'IoT', 'GlobeNewswire', 'deep R&D cooperation', 'full semiconductor value chain', 'dynamic European semiconductor ecosystem', 'Next Generation FD-SOI Roadmap', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'Leading Semiconductor Players', 'EDA tools providers', 'François Jacq', 'four main areas', 'next generation roadmap', 'important growth driver', 'other leading experts', 'Top 100 Global Innovators', 'differentiated FDSOI-based solutions', 'standard advanced products', 'smart mobile devices', 'lower power consumption', 'major European markets', 'global growth strategy', 'actual industry needs', 'ecosystem roadmap', 'next generations', 'European Commission', 'new generation', 'European stakeholders', 'strategic value', 'lower costs', 'dynamic markets', 'global microelectronics', 'leading French', 'rapid growth', 'low power', 'full digitalization', 'dynamic approach', 'sustainable value', 'Grenoble-Crolles ecosystem', 'complete ecosystem', 'high-performance products', 'trail-blazing solutions', 'Mobile Applications', 'English French', 'substantial benefits', 'customer systems', 'easier integration', 'additional features', 'key feature', 'long history', 'Member States', 'material suppliers', 'design houses', 'fabless companies', 'end users', 'higher performance', 'Paul Boudre', 'large variety', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'technological leadership', 'high pace', 'Tom Caulfield', 'early innovator', 'broad range', 'software-defined architectures', 'Jean-Marc Chery', 'key player', 'energy transition', 'digital transition', 'Clarivate 2022 ranking', 'agile vectors', 'world leader', 'electronics markets', 'high performance', 'energy efficiency', 'driverless technologies', 'unique technologies', 'FD-SOI alliance', 'new collaboration', 'key technology', 'future needs', 'several years', 'local partners', 'disruptive technology', 'Tech 40 Paris', 'disruptive innovation', 'customers’ needs', 'CEA Chairman', 'FD-SOI technology', 'FD-SOI innovation', 'Tuline Laeser', 'automotive industry', 'The CEA', '20 years', 'IoT', 'Soitec', 'GlobalFoundries', 'STMicroelectronics', 'France', 'Malta', 'USA', 'Geneva', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'silicon', 'insulator', 'Semiconductors', 'designers', 'connectivity', 'security', 'pioneer', 'initiatives', 'opportunity', '5G/6G', 'manufacturing', 'CEO', 'capacity', 'substrates', 'Internet', 'Things', 'allies', 'partnership', 'chips', 'presence', 'production', 'end-markets', 'development', 'President', 'challenges', 'decarbonization', 'economy', 'research', 'medicine', 'defense', 'terms', 'number', 'patents', 'businesses', 'sectors', 'crowd', 'changes', 'society', 'sites', 'jobs', 'kick-start', '222 startups', 'knowledge', 'laboratories', 'information', 'Contact', 'Euronext', 'manufacture', 'company']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,globenewswire.com
2553,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4500376-public-storage-the-place-for-stuff,Public Storage - The Place For Stuff,100% technical buy signals. 8 new highs and up 8.89% in the last month.,imaginima/iStock via Getty ImagesThe Chart of the Day belongs to the self-storage unit company Public Storage (PSA). I found the stock by using Barchart's powerful screening function to find the stock with the highest Weighted Alpha and technical buy signals that are closest to their 52 week highs  then used the Flipchart function to review the charts for consistent price appreciation. Since the Trend Spotter signaled a buy on 3/4 the stock gained 8.55%. The stock is within .04% of its 52 week high.PSA Price vs. Daily Moving Averages (Barchart)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2020  we had: (i) interests in 2 504 self-storage facilities located in 38 states with approximately 171 million net rentable square feet in the United States  (ii) an approximate 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage SA (Euronext Brussels:SHUR) which owned 239 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 13 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand and (iii) an approximate 42% common equity interest in PS Business Parks  Inc. (NYSE:PSB) which owned and operated approximately 28 million rentable square feet of commercial space at September 30  2020. Their headquarters are located in Glendale  California. (Source: Seeking Alpha)Barchart's Opinion Trading systems are listed below. Please note that the Barchart Opinion indicators are updated live during the session every 20 minutes and can therefore change during the day as the market fluctuates. The indicator numbers shown below therefore may not match what you see live on the Barchart.com website when you read this report.Barchart Technical Indicators:100% technical buy signals59.60+ Weighted Alpha60.17% gain in the last yearTrend Spotter buy signalAbove its 20  50  100 and 200 day moving averages8 new highs and up 8.89% in the last monthRelative Strength Index 73.58%Technical support level at 398.98Recently traded at 409.47 with a 50 day moving average of 368.00Fundamental Factors:Market Cap $71.70 billionP/E 30.60Dividend yield 2.02%Revenue expected to grow 9.87% this year and another 10.28% next yearEarnings estimated to increase 4.20% this year  an additional 10.50% next year and continue to compound at an annual rate of 17.00% for the next 5 yearsAnalysts and Investor Sentiment -- I don't buy stocks because everyone else is buying but I do realize that if major firms and investors are dumping a stock it's hard to make money swimming against the tide:Wall Street analysts issued 7 strong buy  1 buy  8 hold and 1 underperform opinion on the stockSome analysts have a price target as high as 482.00The individual investors following the stock on Motley Fool voted 247 to 78 for the stock to beat the market with the more experienced investors voting 54 to 9 for the same result24 150 investors are monitoring the stock on Seeking AlphaRatings SummaryFactor GradesQuant RankingSectorHealth CareIndustryBiotechnologyRanked in Industry191 out of 505Ranked in Sector471 out of 1059Ranked Overall2937 out of 4295,neutral,0.36,0.62,0.02,negative,0.04,0.13,0.83,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'The Place', 'Stuff', 'Ratings Summary Factor Grades Quant Ranking Sector Health Care Industry', '171 million net rentable square feet', '28 million rentable square feet', 'approximate 35% common equity interest', 'seven Western European nations', 'approximate 42% common equity interest', 'Shurgard Self Storage SA', 'last year Trend Spotter', 'Daily Moving Averages', 'PS Business Parks', 'Relative Strength Index', 'Technical support level', 'Opinion Trading systems', 'powerful screening function', 'consistent price appreciation', 'self-storage unit company', 'technical buy signals', 'Barchart.com website', 'Barchart Technical Indicators', '200 day moving averages', '50 day moving average', 'Wall Street analysts', 'Barchart Opinion indicators', 'highest Weighted Alpha', 'Shurgard brand', 'last month', 'Public Storage', '1 underperform opinion', 'Flipchart function', 'price target', 'self-storage facilities', 'Getty Images', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'Euronext Brussels', 'commercial space', 'indicator numbers', '8 new highs', 'Fundamental Factors', 'Dividend yield', 'annual rate', 'next 5 years', 'Investor Sentiment', 'major firms', '7 strong buy', 'Motley Fool', 'same result', 'Seeking Alpha', 'PSA Price', '52 week highs', 'United States', 'individual investors', 'experienced investors', '13 million', 'Market Cap', '1 buy', '38 states', '24,150 investors', 'imaginima', 'iStock', 'charts', 'member', 'REIT', 'September', 'interests', 'NYSE', 'PSB', 'headquarters', 'Glendale', 'California', 'Source', 'session', '20 minutes', 'report', '60.17% gain', 'P/E', 'Revenue', 'Earnings', 'stocks', 'everyone', 'money', 'tide', '8 hold', 'Biotechnology', '30', '20, 50, 100']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,seekingalpha.com
2554,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.zawya.com/en/press-release/companies-news/thales-launches-its-sixth-cyber-security-operations-center-in-morocco-to-serve-the-african-continent-bal62vkh,Thales launches its sixth cyber security operations center in Morocco to serve the African continent - ZAWYA,Thales strengthens its status as a cybersecurity leader with the creation of a new Security Operations Center on the African continent  based in Morocco,"This operations center provides Moroccan and African administrations and businesses with effective supervision resources in the field of cybersecurity.﻿Increasingly targeted by cyber-attacks  the continent's businesses witnessed a rise in risk exposure during the pandemic with a broader field of attack.PARIS  France: -/African Media Agency (AMA)/-Thales is opening a new Cyber Security Operations Center (SOC) in Morocco  the sixth in its international network. This center will provide real-time protection against cyber-attacks in the country and across the African continent as a whole.The digital transformation of African societies  as illustrated by the extensive use of mobile payments across the continent  and the rise in teleworking due to the health crisis  have had a major impact on Africa's vulnerability to cyber-attacks. While businesses  administrations and individuals are becoming increasingly connected  this trend must be accompanied by an increase in the level of protection in order to tackle the multiplication and sophistication of attacks. Outside the financial sector  all sectors are affected  including the most important ones  such as government services but also water distribution  energy and telecommunications.Furthermore  a new legal framework is driving African businesses to equip themselves with a means of supervision in the field of cybersecurity. Thales  which is already present in Morocco  is thus strengthening its cyber expertise on the continent.The SOCs combine 24/7 threat detection and analysis capabilities and deliver responses in compliance with the country's cybersecurity infrastructure and policies. There are six SOCs located in Canada  France  Hong Kong  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and now Morocco  and they currently form an international network operating according to the ""follow the sun"" model which offers continuous support to more than a hundred clients around the world  with an unequaled level of responsiveness and flexibility.""Thales is proud to be able to strengthen its expertise and know-how in the field of cybersecurity in Morocco. The launch of this SOC demonstrates the Group's aspirations to support the development of security facilities in Africa  while closely matching its customers' needs. As well as our analysis capacities  we offer businesses access to a hybrid consultancy and monitoring solution for their activity  thus demonstrating our commitment to fostering skills and autonomy over the long term""  Hicham Alj  Managing Director of Thales Morocco.Thales offers its customers more than 20 years' expertise in the field of cybersecurity  in particular SOC solutions  combined with an extensive portfolio of solutions: cyber auditing and consulting  integration of cybersecurity solutions developed by Thales as well as solutions from leading publishers  and simulation of Penetration Testing and Red Teaming attacks.In Africa  the Group supports its customers in ensuring compliance with regulations and technical processes  assessing cyber risks and their level of maturity  investigating and anticipating cyber crises and neutralizing complex attacks.-Ends-Distributed by African Media Agency (AMA) on behalf of Thales.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologies – to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers – businesses  organizations and governments – in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions which help them fulfill their critical role  with the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021  the Group posted a turnover of EUR 16.2 billion.VISITThales GroupCybersecurity Operational Center | Thales Group﻿The original source-language text of this announcement is the official  authoritative version. Translations are provided as an accommodation only  and should be cross-referenced with the source-language text  which is the only version of the text intended to have legal effect.PRESS CONTACTThales  Media RelationsTarek Solimanetarek.solimane@thalesgroup.comThales  Media RelationsMarion Bonnetmarion.bonnet@thalesgroup.com",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.2,0.19,0.62,True,English,"['sixth cyber security operations center', 'African continent', 'Thales', 'Morocco', 'ZAWYA', 'new Cyber Security Operations Center', 'new legal framework', '24/7 threat detection', 'a hundred clients', 'deep tech” innovations', 'effective supervision resources', 'Red Teaming attacks', 'official, authoritative version', 'Tarek Solimane tarek', 'African Media Agency', 'original source-language text', 'PRESS CONTACT Thales', 'Cybersecurity Operational Center', 'security facilities', 'security domains', 'cyber auditing', 'cyber risks', 'cyber crises', 'legal effect', 'Media Relations', 'cyber expertise', 'risk exposure', 'international network', 'extensive use', 'mobile payments', 'health crisis', 'major impact', 'financial sector', 'government services', 'water distribution', 'The SOCs', 'analysis capabilities', 'six SOCs', 'Hong Kong', 'United Kingdom', 'continuous support', 'analysis capacities', 'hybrid consultancy', 'monitoring solution', 'long term', 'Hicham Alj', 'Managing Director', 'extensive portfolio', 'leading publishers', 'Penetration Testing', 'technical processes', 'complex attacks', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum technologies', 'confident future', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'African administrations', 'African societies', 'digital transformation', ""20 years' expertise"", 'digital identity', 'African continent', 'real-time protection', 'African businesses', 'cybersecurity infrastructure', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'unequaled level', ""customers' needs"", 'broader field', 'Marion Bonnet', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'Thales Group', 'SOC solutions', 'Thales Morocco', 'Moroccan', 'cyber-attacks', 'pandemic', 'France', 'AMA', 'country', 'teleworking', 'vulnerability', 'individuals', 'trend', 'increase', 'order', 'multiplication', 'sophistication', 'sectors', 'important', 'energy', 'telecommunications', 'means', 'responses', 'compliance', 'policies', 'Canada', 'Netherlands', 'sun', 'model', 'world', 'responsiveness', 'flexibility', 'know-how', 'launch', 'aspirations', 'development', 'access', 'activity', 'commitment', 'skills', 'autonomy', 'consulting', 'integration', 'simulation', 'regulations', 'maturity', 'Ends', 'behalf', 'connectivity', 'organizations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'transport', 'decisions', '81,000 employees', '68 countries', 'turnover', 'VISIT', 'announcement', 'Translations', 'accommodation', 'thalesgroup']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,zawya.com
2555,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://guardian.ng/ama-press-releases/thales-launches-its-sixth-cyber-security-operations-center-in-morocco-to-serve-the-african-continent/,Thales launches its sixth Cyber Security Operations Center in Morocco to serve the African continent | The Guardian Nigeria News - Nigeria and World News,Thales strengthens its status as a cybersecurity leader with the creation of a new Security Operations Center on the African continent  based in Morocco. This operations center provides Moroccan and African administrations and businesses with effective superv…,Thales strengthens its status as a cybersecurity leader with the creation of a new Security Operations Center on the African continent  based in Morocco.This operations center provides Moroccan and African administrations and businesses with effective supervision resources in the field of cybersecurity.Increasingly targeted by cyber-attacks  the continent’s businesses witnessed a rise in risk exposure during the pandemic with a broader field of attack.PARIS  France  7 April 2022 -/African Media Agency (AMA)/-Thales is opening a new Cyber Security Operations Center (SOC) in Morocco  the sixth in its international network. This center will provide real-time protection against cyber-attacks in the country and across the African continent as a whole.The digital transformation of African societies  as illustrated by the extensive use of mobile payments across the continent  and the rise in teleworking due to the health crisis  have had a major impact on Africa’s vulnerability to cyber-attacks. While businesses  administrations and individuals are becoming increasingly connected  this trend must be accompanied by an increase in the level of protection in order to tackle the multiplication and sophistication of attacks. Outside the financial sector  all sectors are affected  including the most important ones  such as government services but also water distribution  energy and telecommunications.Furthermore  a new legal framework is driving African businesses to equip themselves with a means of supervision in the field of cybersecurity. Thales  which is already present in Morocco  is thus strengthening its cyber expertise on the continent.The SOCs combine 24/7 threat detection and analysis capabilities and deliver responses in compliance with the country’s cybersecurity infrastructure and policies. There are six SOCs located in Canada  France  Hong Kong  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and now Morocco  and they currently form an international network operating according to the “follow the sun” model which offers continuous support to more than a hundred clients around the world  with an unequaled level of responsiveness and flexibility.“Thales is proud to be able to strengthen its expertise and know-how in the field of cybersecurity in Morocco. The launch of this SOC demonstrates the Group’s aspirations to support the development of security facilities in Africa  while closely matching its customers’ needs. As well as our analysis capacities  we offer businesses access to a hybrid consultancy and monitoring solution for their activity  thus demonstrating our commitment to fostering skills and autonomy over the long term”  Hicham Alj  Managing Director of Thales Morocco.Thales offers its customers more than 20 years’ expertise in the field of cybersecurity  in particular SOC solutions  combined with an extensive portfolio of solutions: cyber auditing and consulting  integration of cybersecurity solutions developed by Thales as well as solutions from leading publishers  and simulation of Penetration Testing and Red Teaming attacks.In Africa  the Group supports its customers in ensuring compliance with regulations and technical processes  assessing cyber risks and their level of maturity  investigating and anticipating cyber crises and neutralizing complex attacks.Distributed by African Media Agency (AMA) on behalf of Thales.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologies – to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers – businesses  organizations and governments – in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions which help them fulfill their critical role  with the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021  the Group posted a turnover of EUR 16.2 billion.VISITThales GroupCybersecurity Operational Center | Thales GroupThe original source-language text of this announcement is the official  authoritative version. Translations are provided as an accommodation only  and should be cross-referenced with the source-language text  which is the only version of the text intended to have legal effect.ContactsPRESS CONTACTThales  Media RelationsTarek Solimanetarek.solimane@thalesgroup.comThales  Media RelationsMarion Bonnetmarion.bonnet@thalesgroup.com+33 6 60 38 48 92The post Thales launches its sixth Cyber Security Operations Center in Morocco to serve the African continent appeared first on African Media Agency.,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.04,mixed,0.18,0.18,0.63,True,English,"['sixth Cyber Security Operations Center', 'The Guardian Nigeria News', 'World News', 'African continent', 'Thales', 'Morocco', 'sixth Cyber Security Operations Center', 'new Cyber Security Operations Center', 'new Security Operations Center', 'Thales GroupCybersecurity Operational Center', 'new legal framework', '24/7 threat detection', 'a hundred clients', 'deep tech” innovations', 'effective supervision resources', 'Red Teaming attacks', 'official, authoritative version', 'Tarek Solimane tarek', 'African Media Agency', 'original source-language text', 'PRESS CONTACT Thales', 'security facilities', 'security domains', 'cyber auditing', 'cyber risks', 'cyber crises', 'cyber expertise', 'Media Relations', 'legal effect', 'risk exposure', 'international network', 'extensive use', 'mobile payments', 'health crisis', 'major impact', 'financial sector', 'government services', 'water distribution', 'The SOCs', 'analysis capabilities', 'six SOCs', 'Hong Kong', 'United Kingdom', 'continuous support', 'analysis capacities', 'hybrid consultancy', 'monitoring solution', 'long term', 'Hicham Alj', 'Managing Director', 'extensive portfolio', 'leading publishers', 'Penetration Testing', 'technical processes', 'complex attacks', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum technologies', 'confident future', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'African continent', 'African administrations', 'African societies', 'digital transformation', '20 years’ expertise', 'digital identity', 'real-time protection', 'African businesses', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'cybersecurity leader', 'cybersecurity infrastructure', 'unequaled level', 'customers’ needs', 'broader field', 'Marion Bonnet', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'SOC solutions', 'Thales Morocco', 'status', 'creation', 'Moroccan', 'cyber-attacks', 'pandemic', 'France', '7 April', 'AMA', 'country', 'teleworking', 'vulnerability', 'individuals', 'trend', 'increase', 'order', 'multiplication', 'sophistication', 'sectors', 'important', 'energy', 'telecommunications', 'means', 'responses', 'compliance', 'policies', 'Canada', 'Netherlands', 'sun', 'model', 'world', 'responsiveness', 'flexibility', 'know-how', 'launch', 'aspirations', 'development', 'access', 'activity', 'commitment', 'skills', 'autonomy', 'consulting', 'integration', 'simulation', 'regulations', 'maturity', 'behalf', 'connectivity', 'organizations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'transport', 'decisions', '81,000 employees', '68 countries', 'turnover', 'VISIT', 'announcement', 'Translations', 'accommodation', 'Contacts', 'thalesgroup', 'post']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,guardian.ng
2556,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pokerstars-announces-new-additions-to-epic-202223-live-events-schedule-301520769.html,POKERSTARS ANNOUNCES NEW ADDITIONS TO EPIC 2022/23 LIVE EVENTS SCHEDULE,Details for long-awaited PokerStars Players No Limit Hold'em Championship revealed ONCHAN  Isle of Man  April 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Following on from the successful EPT Prague  PokerStars has today announced new additions to its live events schedule for 202…,"Details for long-awaited PokerStars Players No Limit Hold'em Championship revealedONCHAN  Isle of Man  April 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Following on from the successful EPT Prague  PokerStars has today announced new additions to its live events schedule for 2022/23  including well-loved EPT stops  more regional events and highly anticipated details of the second PokerStars Players No Limit Hold'em Championship (PSPC).EPT HEADS TO BARCELONA AND PRAGUEThe European Poker Tour (EPT) will head to Barcelona and Prague again this year for two player favourite events. PokerStars players can mark their calendar this August and December for two of PokerStars' most popular live events.EPT Barcelona will run from August 8 – 21  at the Casino Barcelona. The event will have plenty of tournaments for players to choose from including the €1 100 buy-in ESPT event and €5 300 buy-in Main Event.EPT Prague will run from December 7 – 18 at King's Casino Prague. More details on this event can be found at PokerStars Live.As usual  players will be able to win their way to the events for much less with satellites running for free or as little as €1.10. Players should keep an eye out on PokerStars for when these will start.EVEN MORE REGIONAL TOURSPokerStars are also able to share details on additional regional tours running this year. PokerStars UKIPT will return to Dublin after six years from May 16 - 22 at the Bonnington Hotel with satellites starting today from as little as €1.10.Also  for the first time PokerStars will sponsor a Summer Poker Festival running from June 18 - 26 in Malta  with the Main Event a joint UKIPT and ESPT event. Players will be able to satellite into the festival  with more details available on PokerStars Live.THE ONE WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR: POKERSTARS PLAYERS CHAMPIONSHIP ALONGSIDE AN OLD FRIENDFollowing on from a busy 2022 schedule  PokerStars will return to The Bahamas to brighten up January in 2023. Players can finally get excited for a world class event like no other  the PokerStars Players Championship  which will take place from January 30 to February 3 during a special edition of the popular PokerStars Caribbean Adventure (PCA)  running from January 22 to February 3.The PCA will host the second PSPC at a brand-new venue  Baha Mar. Players can come together for this unique event  to enjoy the winter sunshine and kick-off 2023 at what PokerStars plans to be an unforgettable celebration and an even bigger and better PSPC  with hundreds of Platinum Pass winners set to attend.""We have missed our live events as much as our players  so it is our true pleasure to announce the PokerStars Players Championship will take place at Baha Mar in January "" said Severin Rasset  Managing Director & Commercial Officer  PokerStars. ""Beautiful location  hundreds of qualifiers  with millions to win. If there is one tournament to choose for a once-in-a-lifetime experience  it will be the PSPC. We will provide more details soon on how to get your hands on a Platinum Pass - stay tuned!""For more information on PokerStars live events please go to the PokerStars Blog.Play Responsibly! For more information on responsible gaming please visit our website at http://www.pokerstars.com/about/responsible-gaming/About PokerStarsPokerStars operates the world's most popular online poker sites  serving the global poker community. Since it launched in 2001  PokerStars has become the first choice of players all over the world  with more daily tournaments than anywhere else and with the best online security. More than 225 billion hands have been dealt on PokerStars  which is more than any other site.PokerStars is ultimately owned by Flutter Entertainment. (LSE: FLTR) ( EURONEXT: FLTR).Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1164298/PokerStars_Logo.jpgSOURCE PokerStars",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.69,0.25,0.06,True,English,"['LIVE EVENTS SCHEDULE', 'POKERSTARS ANNOUNCES', 'NEW ADDITIONS', 'EPIC', ""Limit Hold'em Championship"", 'popular online poker sites', 'two player favourite events', 'The European Poker Tour', 'popular PokerStars Caribbean Adventure', 'POKERSTARS PLAYERS CHAMPIONSHIP ALONGSIDE', 'global poker community', 'best online security', 'popular live events', 'Summer Poker Festival', 'Platinum Pass winners', 'additional regional tours', 'live events schedule', 'PokerStars live events', 'successful EPT Prague', 'world class event', 'second PokerStars Players', 'regional events', 'The Bahamas', 'busy 2022 schedule', 'The PCA', 'new additions', 'EPT stops', 'EPT HEADS', 'six years', 'Bonnington Hotel', 'first time', 'joint UKIPT', 'OLD FRIEND', 'special edition', 'new venue', 'Baha Mar.', 'winter sunshine', 'unforgettable celebration', 'true pleasure', 'Severin Rasset', 'Managing Director', 'Commercial Officer', 'Beautiful location', 'one tournament', 'lifetime experience', 'responsible gaming', 'first choice', 'other site', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'ESPT event', 'Main Event', 'unique event', 'PokerStars UKIPT', 'PokerStars Blog', 'SOURCE PokerStars', 'Casino Prague', 'second PSPC', 'EPT Barcelona', 'Casino Barcelona', 'daily tournaments', '225 billion hands', 'More details', 'ONCHAN', 'Isle', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'calendar', 'December', 'August', 'plenty', 'King', 'way', 'satellites', 'eye', 'Dublin', 'May', 'June', 'Malta', 'January', 'place', 'February', 'bigger', 'hundreds', 'qualifiers', 'millions', 'information', 'website', 'responsible-gaming', 'LSE', 'FLTR', 'EURONEXT', 'Logo']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,prnewswire.com
2557,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketsmedia.com/euronext-focuses-on-borsa-italiana-integration/,Euronext Focuses on Borsa Italiana Integration,1 day ago,Daily Email Feature Euronext Focuses on Borsa Italiana IntegrationStéphane Boujnah  chief executive and chairman of Euronext  said large clients are co-locating ahead of the migration of its core data centre from the UK to Italy and the exchange and infrastructure group has bold ambitions for its index business.On 29 April 2021 Euronext announced the closure of the acquisition of Borsa Italiana from the London Stock Exchange Group for a final consideration of €4.4bn  and added new capabilities in fixed income trading  clearing and the consolidation of a central securities depository.Boujnah told Markets Media: “The integration of Borsa Italiana is proceeding very well and we have three major group ongoing projects. The first is the migration of the core data centre to Bergamo in Italy  which is the physical centre of the exchange where trading and the matching of orders happens.”The second project is the migration of the Italian cash and derivatives markets from the London Stock Exchange Group technology to Euronext’s proprietary Optiq trading platform during the first semester of 2023. The third migration is the transition of clearing operations from LCH SA in France to Euronext Clearing at the end of 2023 or the beginning of 2024.He continued that Euronext was founded to be the backbone of the Capital Markets Union  to connect local economies in Europe with global markets and to finance the real economy. The group’s vision is to deploy a single liquidity pool  enabled by a single book and powered by a single technology platform  Optiq.“This is a scalable model implemented within our framework of federal governance and our European college of supervisors ” Boujnah added. “We welcomed the Irish stock exchange in 2018  Oslo Bors in 2019  Nord Pool and VP Securities in 2020. We are now integrating Borsa Italiana which has changed the size of the group.”The migration of the data centre was driven by Brexit  by Euronext wanting to be close to a market where it has large operations  and also by environmental  social and governance (ESG) drivers as the new data centre is mainly powered by hydroelectric plants and photovoltaic panels.“Large clients are co-locating and in the process of migrating their servers ahead of the migration date  6 June 2022 ” said Boujnah. “This will take place just 14 months after closing the acquisition of Borsa Italiana  and this will be an important step for cost and revenue synergies.”He added that after the migrations  operations for the full value chain will be in Euronext’s hands which is a fundamental facilitator for developing new products.Euronext has been the only market infrastructure that did not directly manage its clearing activities for its listed derivatives markets. Since 2003 Euronext has used LCH SA  the Paris-based clearing house owned by LSEG  to clear most of its cash and derivatives trading flows and had a revenue sharing agreement.As part of its new three-year strategic plan  Growth for Impact 2024  Euronext announced in November 2021 that it will grow Borsa Italiana’s CC&G into Euronext Clearing  which will be positioned as a European clearing house.LCH SA’s agreement with Euronext to clear financial and commodity derivatives ran until 2027 but Euronext had limited early termination rights  one of which is exercisable with an earliest effective date of January 2024.ESGBoujnah said the group’s ESG strategy is notably related to financing the real economy as it has almost 1 500 listings of small and medium-sized enterprises. He added: “We are soon going to release a programme called Fit for 1.5 degree with targets for a massive reduction of carbon footprint by 2030.”The Fit for 1.5 degree ESG strategy will include detailed science-based targets for carbon footprint reduction.In addition  Boujnah sees opportunities for the index business to help accelerate the transition to a sustainable economy. “We have very wide and bold ambitions for our index business  because asset managers want more ESG indices ” he said.The AEX ESG Index is due to launch on Euronext Amsterdam in the second quarter of this year. The new index will identify the 25 companies that demonstrate the best ESG practices from the 50 constituents of the AEX and AMX indices and combine measurement of economic performance with ESG impacts in line with the UN Global Compact principles.As part of the strategy to offer ESG versions national flagship indices  Euronext also launched the CAC 40 ESG in France in March 2021 and the MIB ESG in Italy in October 2021.“We have very successful activities in ESG bonds ” added Boujnah. “Euronext Dublin is the leading platform and will position their offering for international issuers.”Euronext also has its own self-imposed targets of reducing emissions  such as encouraging employees to take the train instead of systematically taking the plane and powering the new data centre with renewable energy.Digital assetsThe group also believes in staying very close to the digital asset market  but does not have any ambition to enter the direct retail segment or to launch a crypto trading platform.“We spend a lot of time and resources finding a way to make sure that digital assets are leveraged in the best way to become relevant ” added Boujnah.He continued that regulation of digital assets is improving but that  in general  when it comes to accountability and systemic risks  European regulators prefer a centralized system they know rather than a distributed system they do not know.Financial resultsEuronext reported record quarterly revenue of €370.1m in the last three months of 2021 with Borsa Italiana contributing €127m. Non-volume related revenue accounted for the majority  55%  of total revenue and income  slightly up compared to last year  while at the same time the trading business has been growing.[Q4 and full year 2021 results] Euronext delivered a record performance during Q4 of 2021  marking a dynamic year for the group with more than 40% of growth in revenue  EBITDA and almost 20% increase of adjusted EPS in 2021. Read the press release: https://t.co/zOqm7DIXg3 pic.twitter.com/fXARd6CANF — Euronext (@euronext) February 10  2022For the full-year 2021  Euronext reported 46.9% revenue growth to approximately €1.3bn. The exchange delivered €10.1m of run-rate synergies at the end of 2021  eight months after the completion of the Borsa Italiana acquisition  and is committed to deliver €100m of run-rate synergies by 2024.Boujnah said in the results call: “This is the combination of strong organic growth and combination of the Borsa Italiana Group. 2021 has been a strong year and 2022 is a year of transformational projects for Euronext.”,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,mixed,0.52,0.31,0.17,True,English,"['Borsa Italiana Integration', 'Euronext', 'three major group ongoing projects', 'ESG versions national flagship indices', 'London Stock Exchange Group technology', 'UN Global Compact principles', 'new three-year strategic plan', 'proprietary Optiq trading platform', 'The AEX ESG Index', 'Irish stock exchange', 'single technology platform', 'Daily Email Feature', 'full value chain', 'early termination rights', 'direct retail s', 'central securities depository', 'earliest effective date', 'best ESG practices', 'core data centre', 'Capital Markets Union', 'single liquidity pool', 'Paris-based clearing house', 'new data centre', 'detailed science-based targets', 'European clearing house', 'derivatives trading flows', 'revenue sharing agreement', 'carbon footprint reduction', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'digital asset market', '1.5 degree ESG strategy', 'Borsa Italiana Integration', 'ESG indices', 'global markets', 'new index', 'The Fit', 'AMX indices', 'leading platform', 'new capabilities', 'physical centre', 'single book', 'new products', 'infrastructure group', 'European college', 'Nord Pool', 'VP Securities', 'revenue synergies', 'massive reduction', 'asset managers', 'ESG impacts', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'MIB ESG', 'ESG bonds', 'Digital assets', 'derivatives markets', 'index business', 'commodity derivatives', 'Markets Media', 'clearing activities', 'chief executive', 'large clients', 'bold ambitions', 'final consideration', 'fixed income', 'second project', 'first semester', 'LCH SA', 'local economies', 'real economy', 'scalable model', 'Oslo Bors', 'hydroelectric plants', 'photovoltaic panels', 'important step', 'fundamental facilitator', 'market infrastructure', 'CC&G', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'sustainable economy', 'second quarter', 'economic performance', 'successful activities', 'international issuers', 'renewable energy', 'ESG Boujnah', 'migration date', 'clearing operations', 'large operations', 'Italian cash', 'federal governance', 'Euronext Clearing', 'third migration', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Dublin', 'chairman', 'UK', 'Italy', '29 April 2021', 'closure', 'acquisition', 'consolidation', 'Bergamo', 'matching', 'orders', 'transition', 'France', 'end', 'beginning', 'backbone', 'vision', 'framework', 'supervisors', 'Brexit', 'social', 'drivers', 'process', 'servers', 'place', 'cost', 'migrations', 'hands', 'LSEG', 'part', 'Growth', 'November', 'financial', 'January', '1,500 listings', 'small', 'programme', 'addition', 'opportunities', 'wide', '25 companies', '50 constituents', 'measurement', 'line', 'March', 'October', 'offering', 'emissions', 'employees', 'train', 'plane']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,marketsmedia.com
2559,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/08/2419344/0/en/Annual-Financial-Report.html,Annual Financial Report,1 day ago,"IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC (""ICG"")8 April 20221. Publication of the 2021 Annual ReportICG has today published its 2021 Annual Report and Financial Statements which may be viewed and downloaded from the Company’s website www.icg.ie. Copies of this document will be included in the AGM mailing to those shareholders who elected to receive hardcopy communications.2. Annual General MeetingThe 2022 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of ICG will be held at 11.00 a.m. on Wednesday 11 May 2022 at The Gibson Hotel  The Point Village  East Wall Road  Dublin 1  D01 X2P2.3. Posting of Notice of AGMThe following documents have been made available to shareholders today:(i) Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Notice of the AGM; and(ii) Form of Proxy.These documents together with the 2021 Annual Report and Financial Statements have been published on ICG's website today and will be included in the mailing to those shareholders who have elected to receive hard copies of shareholder communications. Instructions for electronic proxy appointments are also provided on ICG's website.The 2021 Annual Report and Accounts  the Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders  Notice of the AGM and Form of Proxy will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK’s National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at:Euronext Dublin: Company Announcements Office  Euronext Dublin  The Exchange  Foster Place  Temple Bar  Dublin 2 and at https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfilingUK National Storage Mechanism: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismEND_________________________________________________________________________________Enquiries:Eamonn Rothwell  Chief Executive Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ieDavid Ledwidge  Chief Financial Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ie_________________________________________________________________________________Media enquiries:Q4 Public Relations Tel: +353 1 475 1444 Email: press@q4pr.ie",neutral,0.06,0.87,0.07,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'East Wall Road', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Q4 Public Relations', '2. Annual General Meeting', '2022 Annual General Meeting', 'The Gibson Hotel', 'The Point Village', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Company Announcements Office', 'electronic proxy appointments', 'The 2021 Annual Report', 'The Exchange', 'Financial Statements', 'hardcopy communications', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'D01 X2P', 'shareholder communications', 'Foster Place', 'Temple Bar', 'Eamonn Rothwell', 'David Ledwidge', 'following documents', 'hard copies', 'Media enquiries', 'Euronext Dublin', 'AGM mailing', 'ICG', 'April', 'Publication', 'website', 'shareholders', '11.00 a', 'Posting', 'Notice', 'Chairman', 'Letter', 'Form', 'Instructions', 'Accounts', 'inspection', 'oamfiling', 'fca', 'org', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'END', 'Email', 'investorrelations', 'press', 'q4pr', '353']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,globenewswire.com
2560,EuroNext,Google API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-financial-report-140000843.html,Annual Financial Report,1 day ago,"IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC (""ICG"")8 April 20221. Publication of the 2021 Annual ReportICG has today published its 2021 Annual Report and Financial Statements which may be viewed and downloaded from the Company’s website www.icg.ie. Copies of this document will be included in the AGM mailing to those shareholders who elected to receive hardcopy communications.2. Annual General MeetingThe 2022 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of ICG will be held at 11.00 a.m. on Wednesday 11 May 2022 at The Gibson Hotel  The Point Village  East Wall Road  Dublin 1  D01 X2P2.3. Posting of Notice of AGMThe following documents have been made available to shareholders today:(i) Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Notice of the AGM; and(ii) Form of Proxy.These documents together with the 2021 Annual Report and Financial Statements have been published on ICG's website today and will be included in the mailing to those shareholders who have elected to receive hard copies of shareholder communications. Instructions for electronic proxy appointments are also provided on ICG's website.The 2021 Annual Report and Accounts  the Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders  Notice of the AGM and Form of Proxy will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK’s National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at:Euronext Dublin: Company Announcements Office  Euronext Dublin  The Exchange  Foster Place  Temple Bar  Dublin 2 and at https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfilingUK National Storage Mechanism: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismEND_________________________________________________________________________________Enquiries:Eamonn Rothwell  Chief Executive Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ieDavid Ledwidge  Chief Financial Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ie_________________________________________________________________________________Media enquiries:Story continuesQ4 Public Relations Tel: +353 1 475 1444 Email: press@q4pr.ie",neutral,0.06,0.87,0.07,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'East Wall Road', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Q4 Public Relations', '2. Annual General Meeting', '2022 Annual General Meeting', 'The Gibson Hotel', 'The Point Village', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Company Announcements Office', 'electronic proxy appointments', 'The 2021 Annual Report', 'The Exchange', 'Financial Statements', 'hardcopy communications', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'D01 X2P', 'shareholder communications', 'Foster Place', 'Temple Bar', 'Eamonn Rothwell', 'David Ledwidge', 'following documents', 'hard copies', 'Media enquiries', 'Euronext Dublin', 'AGM mailing', 'ICG', 'April', 'Publication', 'website', 'shareholders', '11.00 a', 'Posting', 'Notice', 'Chairman', 'Letter', 'Form', 'Instructions', 'Accounts', 'inspection', 'oamfiling', 'fca', 'org', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'END', 'Email', 'investorrelations', 'Story', 'press', 'q4pr', '353']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,uk.finance.yahoo.com
2569,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Release: Euronext Announces Volumes for March 2022 https://t.co/LWDZW4XRhs,nan,Release: Euronext Announces Volumes for March 2022 https://t.co/LWDZW4XRhs,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Release', 'Euronext', 'Volumes', 'March', 'LWDZW4XRhs', 'Release', 'Euronext', 'Volumes', 'March', 'LWDZW4XRhs']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2570,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@GweebarraG @coilltenews @MSCI_Inc @corporateknight @ecovadis @Sustainalytics @euronext_ie @SusFinanceIE @stenvei S… https://t.co/Egk3lWZArL,nan,@GweebarraG @coilltenews @MSCI_Inc @corporateknight @ecovadis @Sustainalytics @euronext_ie @SusFinanceIE @stenvei S… https://t.co/Egk3lWZArL,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['stenvei S', 'GweebarraG', 'coilltenews', 'MSCI_Inc', 'corporateknight', 'ecovadis', 'Sustainalytics', 'euronext_ie', 'SusFinanceIE', 'Egk3lWZArL', 'stenvei S', 'GweebarraG', 'coilltenews', 'MSCI_Inc', 'corporateknight', 'ecovadis', 'Sustainalytics', 'euronext_ie', 'SusFinanceIE', 'Egk3lWZArL']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2571,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Announces Volumes For March 2022 https://t.co/Ruyjq1eOrb,nan,Euronext Announces Volumes For March 2022 https://t.co/Ruyjq1eOrb,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Announces', 'Volumes', 'March', 'Ruyjq1eOrb', 'Euronext Announces', 'Volumes', 'March', 'Ruyjq1eOrb']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2572,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext announces volumes for March 2022 https://t.co/IkUWb8GVq7 Get all the latest $EUXTF re… https://t.co/9vN68NC34Q,nan,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext announces volumes for March 2022 https://t.co/IkUWb8GVq7 Get all the latest $EUXTF re… https://t.co/9vN68NC34Q,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['latest $EUXTF re', 'NEW ARTICLE', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'March', 'co', 'IkUWb8GVq7', 'latest $EUXTF re', 'NEW ARTICLE', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'March', 'co', 'IkUWb8GVq7']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2573,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext announces volumes for March 2022  https://t.co/oul1KW4k56,nan,Euronext announces volumes for March 2022  https://t.co/oul1KW4k56,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'March', 'co', 'oul1KW4k56', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'March', 'co', 'oul1KW4k56']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2574,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Focuses on Borsa Italiana Integrationhttps://t.co/ykCcS3p6Cs,nan,Euronext Focuses on Borsa Italiana Integrationhttps://t.co/ykCcS3p6Cs,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Borsa Italiana Integration', 'Euronext', 'ykCcS3p6Cs', 'Borsa Italiana Integration', 'Euronext', 'ykCcS3p6Cs']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2579,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/immunicum-ab-notice-annual-general-060000625.html,Immunicum AB: Notice of Annual General Meeting in Immunicum AB (publ),Press Release Stockholm  Sweden  April 8  2022 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN IMMUNICUM AB (PUBL) The shareholders of Immunicum AB (publ) (the “Company”...,Immunicum ABPress ReleaseStockholm  Sweden  April 8  2022NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN IMMUNICUM AB (PUBL)The shareholders of Immunicum AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on Tuesday  10 May 2022  at 10:00  at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commence at 09:30.NOTIFICATIONShareholders who wish to attend the meeting must:both be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date of Monday  2 May 2022; andnot later than on Wednesday  4 May 2022 have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company; either in writing via letter to Immunicum AB (publ)  “Annual General Meeting”  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  SE-111 53 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to info@immunicum.com.The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Personal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice and attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For complete information regarding how the personal data is handled  please refer to: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the AGM  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders’ register on the record date of Monday  2 May 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting registration). Shareholders wishing to register their shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting registration. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday  4 May 2022 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.Story continuesPOSTAL VOTINGThe board of directors of the Company has decided that the shareholders at the annual general meeting shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post and e-mail in accordance with Section 4 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. For postal voting  a special form must be used  which is available on the Company's website  www.immunicum.com. Shareholders who wish to exercise their voting right by post must submit the form for postal voting to the Company in accordance with the instructions stated in the form.PROXIESShareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a certified copy of the certificate of registration of the legal entity or  if such document does not exist  of a corresponding document of authority. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of registration shall be provided to the Company in due course before the meeting. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.The Company provides a power of attorney form to the shareholders  which is available at the Company’s head office or on the Company’s website www.immunicum.com.PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of voting list. Presentation and approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the annual report and the audit report and the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated audit report. Resolutiona) regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet.b) regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheet.c) regarding discharge from liability against the Company for the members of the board of directors and the CEO. Presentation of and resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditors. Resolution regarding amendment of the articles of association. Resolution regarding issue of warrants of series 2022/2025 and implementation of long-term incentive program 2022/2025. Resolution regarding authorisation for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertibles. Closing of the meeting.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe nomination committee  consisting of Erik Esveld (appointed by Van Herk Investment BV) chairman of the nomination committee  Jannis Kitsakis (appointed by The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Gunnar Hörnsten (appointed by Loggen Invest AB) and Mats Andersson (appointed by Holger Blomstrand Byggnads AB) have proposed the following resolutions in relation to items 1 and 9–10 of the above proposed agenda.Item 1. Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the lawyer Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 9. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and auditorThe nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the board of directors shall remain unchanged and amount to SEK 2 300 000  to be distributed as follows: The chairman of the board of directors is entitled to remuneration of SEK 600 000 and other board members are entitled to remuneration of SEK 275 000 per member. Furthermore  it is proposed that a fee for committee work shall be paid in the amount of SEK 70 000 to the chairman of the audit committee  SEK 40 000 to each of the other board members in the audit committee  SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the scientific committee  SEK 25 000 to each of the other board members in the scientific committee  SEK 35 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 20 000 to each of the other board members of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditors shall be paid according to approved invoice.Item 10. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall be composed of six (6) ordinary board members without deputies.For the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  re-election is proposed of the current board members Christine Lind  Sven Andreasson  Dharminder Chahal  Andrea van Elsas  Hans Preusting and Helén Tuvesson. Christine Lind is proposed to be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.For a presentation of the board members that are proposed for re-election  please refer to the Company’s annual report for 2021 and the Company’s website www.immunicum.com.The nomination committee proposes that the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB is re-elected as the Company’s auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting. Ernst & Young AB has informed that  in the event that Ernst & Young AB is elected as auditor  Charlotte Holmstrand will remain as auditor in charge. The nomination committee’s proposal is in accordance with the recommendation of the audit committee.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSItem 2. Preparation and approval of voting listThe voting list that is proposed for resolution is the voting list that will be prepared by the Company  based on the shareholders’ register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB  postal votes received and shareholders who are attending the meeting in person  verified and approved by persons approving the minutes.Item 4. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe board of directors proposes that one person is elected to verify the minutes and to elect a shareholder  or a shareholder represented by a proxy  that is not a board member or employed by the Company in accordance with Rule 1.4 of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code and who is attending the meeting in person.Item 7 b). Resolution regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that no dividend is distributed for the financial year 2021.Item 11. Resolution regarding amendment of the articles of associationThe merger and integration of Immunicum and DCprime  subsequent directional pipeline decisions and promising novel R&D initiatives have resulted in a more comprehensive and broader long-term vision for the Company. The Company focuses on providing breakthrough maintenance therapies in a range of cancer indications and addressing hard-to-treat tumors using current and next-generation immune primers. To emphasize the integration of Immunicum and DCprime and the new strategic direction of the combined company the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend § 1 of the articles of association regarding the Company’s registered name in accordance with below.The wording of § 1 is amended from “Bolagets företagsnamn är Immunicum AB (publ). Bolaget är publikt (publ).” (Eng. “The company’s registered name is Immunicum AB (publ). The company is a public limited liability company (publ).”) to “Bolagets företagsnamn är Mendus AB (publ). Bolaget är publikt (publ).” (Eng. “The company’s registered name is Mendus AB (publ). The company is a public limited liability company (publ).”)The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to take the minor adjustments of that may prove necessary in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be registered it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding more than two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 12. Resolution regarding issue of warrants of series 2022/2025 and implementation of long-term incentive program 2022/2025The board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves on issue of warrants of series 2022/2025 and adopts an employee stock option program for management and key employees (the “ESOP 2022/2025”) in accordance with the proposal below.The purpose with the proposal is to create prerequisite for retaining and increasing motivation with senior executives and other key individuals in the Company. The board of directors believes that it is in the interest of all shareholders that senior executives and other key individuals  which are assessed to be of importance for the development of the Company  have a long-term interest of a positive value growth in the Company's shares.A. Issue of warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves on a directed issue of a maximum of 3 000 000 warrants of series 2022/2025  entailing an increase of the share capital by a maximum of SEK 150 000 upon full exercise. Oversubscription shall not be possible.By way of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the warrants may only be subscribed for by the Company with the right and obligation to transfer the warrants to the participants in accordance with the proposal under item C below. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the warrants shall be used for the implementation of the EOSP 2022/2025.Subscription price (option premium)The warrants shall be issued free of charge to the Company.Subscription period for subscription of warrantsThe warrants shall be subscribed for on a separate subscription list no later than 11 May 2022. The board shall have the right to extend the subscription period.Subscription period for exercising warrantsEach warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants may be exercised through notification of subscription for new shares during the period commencing on 1 September 2025 up until and including 31 October 2025.Exercise price for subscription of shares through the exercise of the warrantsThe exercise price per share when exercising the warrants shall amount to a price equivalent to 140 percent of the volume-weighted average price paid during the period commencing on 11 May 2022 up until and including 24 May 2022 of the noted paid prices (according to Nasdaq Stockholm’s official rating list) for shares in the Company (however  the exercise price may not be less than the share’s quota value of SEK 0.05). Day without noted price shall not be included in the calculation. Any share premium upon subscription of a share shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.DividendShares that are subscribed for by exercising warrants shall entitle to dividends as from the first time on the record date for dividends resolved that occurs following when the registration of the new shares at the Swedish Companies Registration Office has been made and the shares have been recorded in share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB.Cancellation of warrantsWarrants held by the Company and which have not been transferred in accordance with item C below may be canceled by the Company following a decision by the board of directors of the Company. Cancellation must be reported to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration.Re-calculationThe exercise price for the warrants  determined as set out above  shall be rounded to the nearest SEK 0.10 whereby SEK 0.05 shall be rounded upwards. The exercise price and the number of shares that each warrant entitles to subscription for shall be re-calculated in the event of a split  revered split  new share issue etc. in accordance with customary re-calculation terms.B. Adoption of ESOP 2022/2025The board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves to adopt ESOP 2022/2025 in accordance with below terms and conditions.A maximum of 3 000 000 employee stock options (“Employee Stock Options”) may be allocated to the participants in the ESOP 2022/2025. Allocation shall occur as soon as practicably possible following the approval by the AGM and at latest 31 August 2022.The ESOP 2022/2025 shall comprise employees in the Company or subsidiaries to the Company (the “Participants”). The Participants are divided into different categories based on their respective roles within the group. The allocation is set out below:Category Maximum number of Employee Stock Options per ParticipantMaximum number of Employee Stock Options in the Category CEO 900 000 900 000 Other senior executives (maximum of 4 individuals) 420 000 1 680 000 Other key individuals (maximum of 10 individuals) 75 000 420 000Allocation of Employee Stock Options is in each case conditional on that (i) the relevant Participant’s employment with the Company or its subsidiaries has not been terminated or discontinued  with certain exceptions  and (ii) the Participant has entered into a separate employee stock option agreement with the Company. The board of directors shall ensure that the agreements with the Participants contain terms that prohibit transfers and pledges of the Employee Stock Options and that Employee Stock Options not yet vested shall  subject to certain exceptions  cease if the Participant is no longer employed in the Company or its subsidiaries.The Employee Stock Options shall be allocated to the Participants free of charge.The allocated Employee Stock Options shall be vested with 1/3 after 12 months (year 2023)  then an additional 1/3 shall be vested after 12 months (year 2024) and an additional 1/3 shall be vested 12 months thereafter (year 2025). Vesting requires that the Participant is still employed by the Company or its subsidiaries. If the Participant’s employment is terminated by the Participant or due to the Participant’s breach of contract  all Employee Stock Options shall immediately expire and cannot be exercised. If the employment is terminated for other reasons  vested Employee Stock Options may be exercised  however the right to Employee Stock Options not yet vested will expire. In individual cases  the board shall have the right to deviate from the foregoing. The final terms and conditions shall be determined by the board of directors and determined in separate employee stock option agreements.Provided that the Employee Stock Options have been allocated and vested each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder a right to  during the period commencing on 1 September 2025 up to and including 31 October 2025  acquire one (1) warrant in the Company that will be issued in accordance with item A above and that shall be transferred from the Company to the Participants in accordance with Item C below.Participation in the ESOP 2022/2025 is in each case conditional upon that such participation is legally possible as well as possible with reasonable administrative cost and financial efforts according to the assessment of the board of directors.The board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the agreements with the Participants and the administration of the ESOP 2022/2025. In connection therewith  the board of directors may make adjustments in order to fulfill specific rules or market conditions outside Sweden. Furthermore  in extraordinary cases  the board of directors is entitled to limit the extent of the ESOP 2022/2025  or terminate the ESOP 2022/2025 in advance  in whole or in part.C. Approval of transfer of warrantsThe Participants shall have the right to acquire warrants from the Company in accordance with the terms of the ESOP 2022/2025 in accordance with point B above.One (1) Employee Stock Option entitles the right to acquire one (1) warrant. Notification of acquisition of warrants shall be made during the period commencing on 1 September 2025 up to and including 31 October 2025. The warrants are acquired free of charge by the Participants.In connection with notification of acquisition of warrants  the Participant shall submit an irrevocable power of attorney to a representative of the Company that authorizes the representative of the Company  in the name of the Participant and on his or her behalf  to exercise the warrants for subscription of shares immediately after the Company has transferred the warrants to the Participant.D. Dilution and costs for ESOP 2022/2025 etc.DilutionUpon exercise of all warrants in ESOP 2022/2025 up to 3 000 000 shares may be issued which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 1.5 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company (with reservation for any re-calculation). The calculation is based on the maximum number of shares and votes which can be issued divided with the total number of shares and votes after such issue.CostsThe Employee Stock Options will be expensed over the vesting period  without affecting the Company's cash flow. If Employee Stock Options are exercised  the ESOP 2022/2025 will also entail costs in the form of social security contributions. The total costs for social security contributions depend on the Participant's employment status  on the number of vested Employee Stock Options and on the value of the benefit that the Participant ultimately receives  i.e. the value of the Employee Stock Options upon exercise in 2025.Based on the assumption that all Employee Stock Options will be vested  an assumed share price of SEK 6 when the Employee Stock Options are exercised and an assumed average social security rate of approximately 31.42 percent  the total costs for the program will amount to approximately MSEK 0 6.Outstanding incentive programsThe Company has two outstanding incentive programs in accordance with below.LTI 2019/2022 which includes 1 809 277 warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company for a share price of SEK 19 90 during the period commencing on 28 May 2022 up until and including 28 July 2022.LTI 2021/2024 which includes 1 286 092 employee stock options and 660 000 restricted share units. The employee stock options and restricted share units are vested with 1/3 each year for a three-year period and vesting presuppose that the participant is still employed. Each employee stock option that has been vested entitles the right to acquire a share in the Company during the exercise period at a subscription price of SEK 7.35 and each restricted share unit that has been vested entitles the right to acquire a share in the Company corresponding to the quota value of the share during the exercise period. The exercise period for the employee stock options and restricted share units commencing on 1 September 2024 up until and including 31 October 2024.Preparation of proposalThe proposal to the ESOP 2022/2025 has been prepared by the remuneration committee and has been finalized by the board of directors with assistance from external advisors and after consulting with some of the Company’s major shareholders.E. Authorization and majority requirementThe board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.The proposals according to A-C shall be managed and seen as one and the same resolution.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 13. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to resolve  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  at one or more occasions and with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertibles for cash payment and/or with provision of non-cash consideration or set-off or otherwise. The number of shares  or warrants or convertibles that entitle subscription of a number of shares  that may be issued shall not exceed 20 per cent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the board of director’s first resolution pursuant to the authorization. Deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights shall be possible to  if needed  strengthen the Company’s financial position  broaden the ownership base and/or to increase the institutional ownership of the Company. New issue of shares and issue of warrants and/or convertible debentures shall  in the event of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  be made at market conditions.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of the issuing of this notice the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 199 400 599. Only one class of shares exists  and the Company has no holding of own shares.SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO DEMAND INFORMATIONPursuant to Chapter 7 Section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be done without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the general meeting regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the financial situation of the Company. The disclosure obligation also covers the Company's relationship with another Group company  the consolidated accounts and such matters regarding subsidiaries as are referred to in the preceding sentence.DOCUMENTATIONThe annual report  the auditor’s report  the board of directors’ complete proposals for resolutions and other documentation will be made available at the Company’s office at the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15 in Stockholm not later than three weeks prior to the meeting and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documentation will also be made available on the Company’s website  www.immunicum.com. The nomination committee’s complete proposals for resolutions and motivated statement regarding its proposal of election of board members and information regarding the proposed board members are made available on the Company’s website.Please note that this is a translation for information purposes only. In the event of any discrepancies between the Swedish and English versions  the Swedish version shall prevail._____________________Stockholm  April 2022Immunicum AB (publ)The board of directorsFOR MORE INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Erik MantingChief Executive OfficerE-mail: ir@immunicum.comINVESTOR RELATIONSBrendan PayneStern Investor RelationsTelephone: +1 212-698-8695E-mail: brendan.payne@sternir.comMEDIA RELATIONSMario BrkuljValency CommunicationsTelephone: +49 160 9352 9951E-mail: mbrkulj@valencycomms.euABOUT IMMUNICUM AB (PUBL)Immunicum is a biopharmaceutical company focused on tumor recurrence and hard-to-treat established tumors  two key challenges in oncology. We are leveraging our unparalleled expertise in allogeneic dendritic cell biology to develop an advanced clinical pipeline of novel  off-the-shelf  cell-based therapies for solid and blood-borne tumors. Based in Sweden and the Netherlands  Immunicum is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stockholm. www.immunicum.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.22,0.34,0.44,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Immunicum AB', 'Notice', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated audit report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'annual report', 'general meetings', 'Personal data', 'Press Release', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'European Parliament', 'POSTAL VOTING', 'voting rights', 'Swedish Act', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'legal entity', 'due course', 'original version', 'head office', 'two persons', 'Immunicum AB', 'remuneration report', 'respective nominee', 'complete information', 'special form', 'certified copy', 'corresponding document', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting registration', 'possible advisors', 'full name', 'shareholders’ register', 'The Company', 'attorney form', 'Stockholm', 'April', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'AGM', 'Tuesday', '10 May', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Monday', 'Wednesday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'letter', 'mail', 'address', 'deputies', 'proxies', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'Story', 'board', 'directors', 'Section', 'execution', 'companies', 'website', 'instructions', 'proxy', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'CEO', 'auditor', '09']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2580,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invitation-annual-general-meeting-aak-082700942.html,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of AAK AB (publ.),1 day ago,"KARLSHAMN  Sweden  April 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AAK AB (publ.) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  May 18  2022 at 2:00 p.m. at the premises of Malmö Arena  Hyllie Stationstorg 2 in Malmö  Sweden. The registration for the Annual General Meeting starts at 1:00 p.m.Practical information regarding the Annual General MeetingNotice of the Annual General Meeting is published in a press release  in Post- och Inrikes Tidningar (""the Swedish Official Gazette"") and at www.aak.com. In addition  an advertisement is placed in Svenska Dagbladet. For environmental reasons  please note that the notice will not be printed and distributed by post. AAK will not provide bus transport to the Annual General Meeting as in previous years.A. CONDITIONS FOR ATTENDANCEShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must be recorded in the Shareholders' Register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  May 10  2022  and must also notify the company of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting not later than Thursday  May 12  2022. The notification of attendance  which may be made in accordance with any of the alternatives specified below  shall state name  address  day-time telephone number  personal or corporate identity number  and the number of shares held. Shareholders who intend to bring assistance shall notify this within the same time limits as for the notification of their own attendance. Shareholders represented by an authorized representative should enclose a proxy in original to their notification. A proxy form is available for downloading on the company website  www.aak.com  and will also be sent by post to shareholders notifying the company and informing the company of their address. Representative of a legal entity shall submit a copy of the registration certificate or corresponding papers of authorization evidencing the persons authorized to act on behalf of the legal entity.Address: AAK AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden (please mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2022"")Story continuesTelephone: +46 8 402 90 45Website: www.aak.comIn order to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders with nominee-registered shares must request their bank or broker to have the shares temporarily owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB. Such re-registration must be executed no later than Tuesday  May 10  2022. The shareholders must therefore notify the nominee of their request to have the shares re-registered in due time before May 10  2022. Voting rights registration requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Thursday  May 12  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.B. AGENDA1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of agenda.5. Nomination of persons to verify the Minutes of the Meeting.6. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been properly convened.7. Report by the Managing Director.8. Presentation of the Annual Report  the Auditor's Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Group Auditor's Report for the financial year 2021 and the statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives that have applied since the preceding Annual General Meeting.9. Resolutions as to:a) adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  as per December 31  2021;b) appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet and resolution on record date; andc) discharge from liability of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Determination of the number of Directors of the Board.11. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and auditor.12. Election of members of the Board of Directors and auditor.13. Proposal regarding the Nomination Committee.14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.15. Proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration of senior executives.16. Resolution on proposal of the Board of Directors for implementation of a long-term incentive program including resolutions on (A) issue of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 and (B) transfer of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 (Incentive Program 2022/2027) to replace Incentive Program 2021/2026 resolved by the Annual General Meeting 2021.17. Proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues.18. Proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares.19. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Election of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2022  consisting of Chairman Märta Schörling Andreen (Melker Schörling AB)  Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder)  Peter Lööw (Alecta) and Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Investment Management) has proposed that Georg Brunstam shall be elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting 2022.Proposal regarding the appropriation of the company's profit (item 9 b)The Board of Directors has proposed that a dividend of SEK 2.50 per share be declared for the financial year 2021. As record day for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Friday  May 20  2022. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  May 25  2022.Proposal regarding the election of the Board of Directors  auditor and determination of fees (items 10-12)The Nomination Committee has proposed the following:- The number of directors shall be five without any deputy directors.- The total fee payable to the Board of Directors shall be SEK 3 200 000 (including remuneration for committee work) to be distributed among the directors as follows: SEK 975 000 to the Chairman and SEK 425 000 to each of the other directors elected at a general meeting and not employed by the company. Remuneration for committee work shall be payable as follows: SEK 250 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 125 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee. The auditor shall be remunerated in accordance with agreement.- Re-election of the Board members Märta Schörling Andreen  Marianne Kirkegaard  Gun Nilsson  Georg Brunstam and Patrik Andersson.- Re-election of Georg Brunstam as Chairman of the Board.- Re-election of the accounting firm KPMG AB  for a period of mandate of one year  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  consequently up to and including the Annual General Meeting 2023  whereby the accounting firm has informed that the authorized public accountant Jonas Nihlberg will be appointed as auditor in charge.Proposal regarding the Nomination Committee (item 13)Shareholders  jointly representing approximately 44 percent of the shares and votes in the company as per February 28  2022  have notified the company of their proposal regarding Nomination Committee.Proposal regarding Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2023- The Nomination Committee shall have four members.- Re-election of Märta Schörling Andreen (Melker Schörling AB)  Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder) and Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Investment Management) and new election of William McKechnie (Alecta) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2023.- Re-election of Märta Schörling Andreen as Chairman of the Nomination Committee.- In case a shareholder  represented by a member of the Nomination Committee  is no longer one of the major shareholders of AAK AB  or if a member of the Nomination Committee is no longer employed by such shareholder or for any other reason leaves the Nomination Committee before the Annual General Meeting 2023  the Committee shall be entitled to appoint another representative among the major shareholders to replace such member.Tasks of the Nomination CommitteePrior to the Annual General Meeting 2023  the Nomination Committee shall prepare and submit proposals for the election of Chairman and other members of the Board of Directors  the election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  fees to the Board of Directors and auditor and matters related thereto  the election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee and  in conjunction with the Audit Committee  election of auditor and in other respects pursue the tasks that  according to the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance  are the responsibility of a nomination committee.Approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board's remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives as follows.These guidelines include the CEO and the persons who during the period the guidelines apply are included in the Group management. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityAAK's business strategy is described on AAK's website  www.aak.com.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Warrants programs have been implemented in the company for senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group. The programs have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. For more information regarding the programs  see AAK's Annual Report 2021  note 8. The Board proposes the Annual General Meeting 2022 to resolve on the implementation of a new subscription warrants program for senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group (Incentive Program 2022/2027) to replace Incentive Program 2021/2026 resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting 2021. In total  Incentive Program 2022/2027 comprises approximately 50 senior executives and key employees within the Group. The program entails that the participants are offered to acquire subscription warrants at market value  with the option price in part subsidized by AAK. The term of the subscription warrants is five years. The program is clearly linked to the business strategy and thereby to the company's long-term value creation  including its sustainability. The general meeting resolves on implementation of the program and the program is therefore excluded from these guidelines.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The annual variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 120 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Pension entitlements for senior executives shall apply from the age of 60 years at the earliest. For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits to the extent required by applicable mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  life insurance  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  duly adjustments may be made for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed 12 months if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for two years. The period of notice may not exceed six months without any right to severance pay when termination is made by the executive.In addition  remuneration for any commitment to restrict competition can be paid. Such remuneration shall compensate for any loss of income and shall only be paid to the extent that the former executive has no right to severance pay. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination and shall be paid during the period the non-compete restriction applies  which shall not exceed 12 months after the termination of employment.Criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  etc.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They can also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development.The criteria mainly applied are linked to the development of operating profit  return on capital employed and earnings per share. The criteria shall also be linked to the fulfilment of predetermined sustainability criteria (ESG - Environmental  Social and Governance). The criteria thereby contribute to the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable cash remuneration to the CEO and other executives. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The increase of the gap between the remuneration to senior executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent in relation to the company and company management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. The Board of Directors shall annually draw up a remuneration report that shall be presented to the Annual General Meeting for approval.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the shareholders' opinions are consideredNo material amendments have been made to the guidelines. In relation to the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted on the Annual General Meeting 2021  the guidelines have been adjusted so that the annual variable cash remuneration may amount to maximum 120 percent instead of 110 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.No remarks on the remuneration guidelines have emerged.Proposal of the Board of Directors for implementation of a long-term incentive program including resolutions on (A) issue of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 and (B) transfer of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 (Incentive Program 2022/2027) to replace Incentive Program 2021/2026 resolved by the Annual General Meeting 2021 (item 16)The Annual General Meeting in the company held on May 7  2021 resolved on a long-term incentive program for senior executives and certain key employees within the AAK Group including a directed issue of subscription warrants and approval of transfer of subscription warrants. Since no subscription warrants have been subscribed for or transferred to participants in the program  the Board of Directors has deemed it appropriate to propose to the Annual General Meeting to resolve to replace the incentive program resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting 2021 with a new long-term incentive program for senior executives and certain key employees within the AAK Group (""Incentive Program 2022/2027"") including resolutions on (A) a directed issue of subscription warrants series 2022/2027 and (B) approval of transfer of subscription warrants in Incentive Program 2022/2027 on essentially the following terms and conditions.A. Issue of subscription warrants series 2022/2027The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves:that the company shall issue a maximum of five million (5 000 000) subscription warrants entitling to subscription for new shares in AAK AB by which the share capital may be increased by a total of maximum SEK 8 333 333.33  whereby it is noted that the amount exceeding the quota value shall be transferred to the non-restricted share premium account; that the issue is made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and the right to subscribe for the subscription warrants shall be granted to AAK Invest AB  a wholly-owned subsidiary of AAK AB; that the subscription warrants shall be issued free of charge; that subscription for the subscription warrants shall be made on August 31  2022 at the latest  with a right for the Board of Directors to prolong this time limit; that each subscription warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in AAK AB with a quota value of SEK 1.67; that subscription for shares in AAK AB by exercise of the subscription warrants may take place during the period from and including September 1  2025 up to and including August 31  2027; that the subscription price per share shall correspond to 120 percent of the volume weighted average price according to Nasdaq Stockholm's official price list for the share in the company during the period from and including May 5  2022 up to and including May 18  2022  but not lower than the share's quota value; and that shares that have been issued by virtue of the subscription warrants  will entitle to dividend for the first time on the first record date for dividend occurring after subscription of shares through exercise of subscription warrants has been executed.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is that AAK AB wishes to introduce an incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the Group  whereby they will be offered the opportunity to take part in a value increase of the company's share. This is expected to increase the interest in the company's development and to stimulate a continued company loyalty over the forthcoming years. An incentive program is also expected to contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent  motivated and committed employees.B. Transfer of subscription warrants in Incentive Program 2022/2027Incentive Program 2022/2027 shall principally be carried out in accordance with what is stated below.The subscription warrants shall towards payment be transferred by AAK Invest AB  on one or several occasions  to senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group  in accordance with the guidelines stated below. AAK Invest AB shall otherwise dispose of the subscription warrants for the fulfilment of the obligations under Incentive Program 2022/2027. Transfer in accordance with item B.1 shall be made at a market value at the time of transfer  which shall be determined by an independent valuation institute in accordance with the Black & Scholes valuation method. The valuation model is based on the variables risk-free interest rate  volatility  the term of the subscription warrants  expected share dividends during the term of the subscription warrants  the current share price  and the subscription price for shares when exercising the subscription warrants (strike price). The company will by means of a cash bonus subsidize part of the participants' acquisition of warrants through payment to the participants of an extra cash bonus that  after individual tax  corresponds to maximum 65 percent of the amount invested by the respective participant in Incentive Program 2022/2027 up to the offered level in accordance with the guidelines below. Only premiums for warrants up to and including the offered level for each participant in accordance with the guidelines below are subsidized. This bonus will be paid out with one fourth (1/4) annually starting one year after acquisition  and with the last payment approximately four (4) years after the acquisition and requires that before each payment the respective participant  with certain exceptions  is still an employee of the AAK Group and still holds the acquired warrants or  where applicable  the shares subscribed through exercising the warrants. The Board of Directors may  if deemed necessary in individual cases  resolve on alternative payment schedules or that bonus under certain circumstances will not be paid or may be reclaimed  subject to the limitations which may follow from applicable law. The Board of Directors of AAK AB shall be entitled to decide on the allotment of subscription warrants to approximately 50 senior executives and key employees within the Group in accordance with the following guidelines:Category Position Number of subscription warrants I CEO 500 000 II Member of Group management (10 persons) 300 000 III Directly reporting to theGroup management (approximately 30 persons) 90 000 IV Other senior executives and key employees(approximately 10 persons) 30 000The participants can choose to apply for a lower number of subscription warrants than set out above. If the total number of subscription warrants that the entitled senior executives and key employees wish to acquire exceeds the maximum number of subscription warrants that can be issued  reduction shall be made proportionally to each person's quantity in relation to the guidelines set forth above. There will be no guaranteed allotment. A participant has the right to subscribe for a larger number of warrants than set out in the guidelines above and may be allotted additional warrants corresponding to a maximum of 100 percent of what is set out in the guidelines above if full subscription in the program has not been made. If such oversubscription is made  allotment shall be made to the oversubscribing participants pro rata in relation to the number of subscription warrants that they have been allotted in the first allotment. Any remaining warrants  which have not been allotted in accordance with the above  shall be reserved for future recruitment of persons within the above eligible categories  whereby the above guidelines for allotment shall be applicable. The reason why any future employees or promoted employees may be granted subscription warrants at such a time that the time between the allotment and the subscription period for shares may be less than three years  is that the Board of Directors deems it important that such employees  for the reasons applicable to Incentive Program 2022/2027 in general  are given the opportunity to take part in a value growth in the company's share already at the beginning of their employment.Dilution  effect on key ratios and costsAt full subscription of the proposed issue of subscription warrants  and full exercise of the subscription warrants  the share capital may be increased by a total of maximum SEK 8 333 333.33  which is equivalent to approximately 1.9 percent of the company's present share capital. This corresponds to a total dilution of maximum approximately 1.9 percent in relation to the share capital on a fully diluted basis  calculated as the number of new shares in proportion to the number of existing and new shares.Other important key ratios will  at full subscription of the proposed issue and full exercise of all subscription warrants issued in the program  be affected as follows (based on the corresponding key ratios in the year-end report for 2021 and a preliminary valuation of the future capital contribution within the scope of Incentive Program 2022/2027)- earnings per share: reduction by SEK 0.13 from SEK 6.71 to SEK 6.58;- equity per share: increase by SEK 3.03 from SEK 45.58 to SEK 48.61; it being assumed that the warrant holders have exercised the warrants for subscription of new shares by the end of the first quarter 2022.The above is subject to re-calculations of the subscription warrants in accordance with the customary terms of re-calculation in the complete terms and conditions.The subscription warrant program is expected to have a marginal impact on the company's financial ratios. Therefore  no measures to secure the program are planned to take place. The total costs associated with the subscription warrant program  including the directed issue  the subsequent transfer of warrants and the subsidy  assuming full participation  is expected to amount to approximately SEK 150 million  which is distributed over the term of the program of five (5) years. The amount includes estimated costs relating to social security contributions and administrative costs for the program.Preparation of the proposalThe warrants program has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and the Board with advice from external experts. The proposal has been resolved upon by the Board. The CEO has not participated in the preparation of the proposal.Previous incentive programs in AAKFor a description of AAK's other share-related incentive programs  please see the company's Annual Report 2021  note 8. Apart from the program presented therein  there are no other share-related incentive programs in AAK.Majority requirementsThe proposal of the Board of Directors pursuant to item 16 A-B above requires a resolution by the general meeting supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  resolve on new issues of shares. The authorization shall also include the right to resolve on new issues of shares with terms concerning issues in kind  offset rights or other terms stated in Chapter 13  Section 5  first paragraph  6 in the Swedish Companies Act. By resolutions in accordance with the authorization  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time of when the Board of Directors first uses the authorization.The purpose of any deviation from the shareholders' preferential right as set out above is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues of shares may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  share issues by virtue of the authorization shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall be authorized to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board to carry out the issues.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Managing Director  or anyone appointed by the Managing Director  shall have the right to make any adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).The resolution requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares (item 18)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares. Repurchase of shares may be made at a maximum of so many shares that the company's holding does not exceed two (2) percent of the total number of shares in the company from time to time. Repurchase of shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of shares may be made at a maximum of two (2) percent of the total number of shares in the company from time to time. Transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Payment for transferred shares can be made in cash  through an issue in kind or set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors. The purpose of the authorizations is to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value and to enable acquisition opportunities by financing acquisitions with the company's own shares.The resolution requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.C. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION REGARDING NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe accounts and the auditor's report (the Annual Report)  the Board's remuneration report and the complete proposals of the Board of Directors with respect to items 15-18 and all related documents and the statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives will be available to the shareholders at the company at the address Skrivaregatan 9  SE-215 32 Malmö  Sweden  and at the company's website www.aak.com as from Wednesday  April 27  2022. Copies of the documents will be sent on request to shareholders who state their postal address and will also be available on the company website www.aak.com and at the Annual General Meeting.The total number of shares and votes in the company amount at the time of issuance of this notice to 258 506 556. All shares are of the same class.D. INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall at the Annual General Meeting  if a shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  (ii) circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or information concerning (iii) the company's relation with other companies within the Group. Shareholders may submit questions in advance by mail to the company at the address AAK AB (publ.)  Group Legal Counsel  Skrivaregatan 9  SE-215 32 Malmö  Sweden  or by e-mail to investor@aak.com.E. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Malmö in April 2022AAK AB (publ.)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Gabriella GrotteHead of IR and Corporate CommunicationsMobile: +46 737 16 80 01E-mail: gabriella.grotte@aak.comThis is a non-official translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.The information was submitted for publication at 10:00 a.m. CET on April 8  2022.About AAKEverything AAK does is about Making Better Happen™. We specialize in plant-based oils that are the value-adding ingredients in many of the products people love to consume. We make these products better tasting  healthier  and more sustainable. At the heart of AAK's offer is Customer Co-Development  combining our desire to understand what better means for each customer  with the unique flexibility of our production assets  and a deep knowledge of many products and industries  including Chocolate & Confectionery  Bakery  Dairy  Plant-based Foods  Special Nutrition  Foodservice and Personal Care. Our 4 000 employees support our close collaboration with customers through 25 regional sales offices  15 dedicated Customer Innovation Centers  and with the support of more than 20 production facilities. Listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and with our headquarters in Malmö  Sweden  AAK has been Making Better Happen for more than 150 years.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/aak-ab/r/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-aak-ab--publ- c3542851The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/871/3542851/1561879.pdf Press release (PDF)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-aak-ab-publ-301520738.htmlSOURCE AAK AB",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.3,0.5,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AAK AB', 'Invitation', 'publ', 'Chairman Märta Schörling Andreen', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'Post- och Inrikes Tidningar', 'preceding Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Official Gazette', 'subscription warrants series', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'new share issues', 'corporate identity number', 'same time limits', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'long-term incentive program', 'Consolidated Income Statement', 'Voting rights registration', 'day-time telephone number', 'share register', 'voting list', 'financial year', 'Annual Report', 'AAK AB', 'Hyllie Stationstorg', 'Practical information', 'press release', 'Svenska Dagbladet', 'environmental reasons', 'bus transport', 'previous years', 'A. CONDITIONS', 'state name', 'legal entity', 'corresponding papers', 'Such re-registration', 'due time', 'Managing Director', 'senior executives', 'record date', 'Henrik Didner', 'registration certificate', 'Nomination Committee', 'Malmö Arena', 'authorized representative', 'proxy form', 'B. AGENDA', 'registered shares', 'Group Auditor', ""Shareholders' Register"", 'remuneration report', 'company website', 'KARLSHAMN', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'premises', 'Notice', 'addition', 'advertisement', 'ATTENDANCE', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'Thursday', 'notification', 'accordance', 'alternatives', 'address', 'personal', 'assistance', 'original', 'copy', 'authorization', 'persons', 'behalf', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'envelope', 'Story', 'order', 'nominee', 'bank', 'broker', 'request', 'account', 'preparation', 'Opening', 'Election', 'approval', 'Minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'December', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Board', 'Directors', 'fees', 'members', 'Proposal', 'implementation', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'item', 'The', 'respect', '2:00', '1:00', '101', '9.', '11.']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2581,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/08/2419354/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-REVERSED-AUCTIONS-SEK-COVERED-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK REVERSED AUCTIONS SEK COVERED BONDS,1 day ago,Bid procedure  2022-04-13 Bonds SWEDBANK HYPOTEK AB: 194. SE0012142206. 2024-09-18STADSHYPOTEK AB: 1592  SE0013883238  2027-03-01SWEDISH COVERED BOND: 148  SE0015243415  2027-06-09SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA: 581  SE0013102043  2026-12-16DANSKE HYPOTEK AB: 2612  SE0015987540  2026-12-16LANSFORSAKRINGAR HYPOTEK: 520  SE0014694659  2027-09-15NORDEA HYPOTEK AB: 5537  SE0013358447  2027-06-16Bid date 2022-04-13 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Requested volume (corresponding nominal amount) 194: 300 mln SEK +/-150 mln SEK1592: 600 mln SEK +/-300 mln SEK148: 300 mln SEK +/-150 mln SEK581: 200 mln SEK +/-100 mln SEK2612: 200 mln SEK +/-100 mln SEK520: 200 mln SEK +/-100 mln SEK5537: 200 mln SEK +/-100 mln SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 194: 300 mln SEK per bid1592: 600 mln SEK per bid148: 300 mln SEK per bid581: 200 mln SEK per bid2612: 200 mln SEK per bid520: 200 mln SEK per bid5537: 200 mln SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 50 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2022-04-19 Delivery of bonds To the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system 1 4948 6383Stockholm  2022-04-08This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.37,0.61,True,English,"['RIKSBANK REVERSED AUCTIONS', 'COVERED BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'SWEDISH COVERED BOND', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'SWEDBANK HYPOTEK AB', 'NORDEA HYPOTEK AB', 'Bid date Delivery', 'DANSKE HYPOTEK', 'LANSFORSAKRINGAR HYPOTEK', 'payment date', 'SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA', '300 mln SEK', '150 mln SEK', '600 mln SEK', '200 mln SEK', '100 mln SEK', 'allocation time', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'STADSHYPOTEK', 'Riksbank', 'account', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,globenewswire.com
2582,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.nxtmine.com/financing/tsx-luc-lucara-annual-general-and-special-meeting-to-be-held-may-6-2022/,LUCARA ANNUAL GENERAL AND SPECIAL MEETING TO BE HELD MAY 6  2022,19 hours ago,VANCOUVER  BC  April 7  2022 /CNW/ – (TSX: LUC) (BSE: LUC) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUC)Lucara Diamond Corp. (“Lucara” or the “Company”) announces that its Annual General and Special Meeting of Shareholders will be held at the office of Blake  Cassels & Graydon LLP  Suite 2600  595 Burrard St.  Vancouver  British Columbia V7X 1L3  on Friday  May 6  2022 at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Standard Time  for the following purposes: View PDF.To receive the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2021   together with the report of the auditors; To reappoint the auditor for the upcoming year and to authorize the directors to fix their remuneration; To elect directors for the upcoming year; To pass an ordinary resolution to approve certain amendments to the share unit plan; and To pass an ordinary resolution to approve certain amendments to the Company’s share unit plan which is proposed to be amended to increase the maximum share reservation and to approve the unallocated awards under the Share Unit Plan; To adopt an advisory resolution on executive compensation.The record date for the Annual General and Special Meeting is March 23  2022. The Notice of Meeting  the accompanying Management Proxy Circular and related meeting materials are available under the Company’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Company’s website at https://lucaradiamond.com.The Corporation encourages you to vote your shares by proxy in advance of the Meeting  via mail  telephone or on the internet. Voting instructions need to be received at least one business day before the proxy deposit date. The proxy deposit date is May 4  2022  11:00 a.m. (Pacific Standard Time)  any proxy form received after that time will not be valid. In conducting the Meeting on May 6  2022  the Corporation intends to follow the guidelines for physical distancing prescribed by the Public Health Agency of Canada to minimize the spread of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19)  as such guidelines are applicable as at the date of the Meeting. No management presentation will be made following the business of the Meeting.HOW TO VOTE IF YOUR SECURITIES TRADE ON THE NASDAQ STOCKHOLM EXCHANGEThe information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (“Euroclear Registered Securities”) through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. Shareholders who hold Euroclear Registered Securities are not registered holders of voting securities for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Securities are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Securities will receive a Form of Proxy (the “Swedish Proxy”) by mail directly from Computershare AB (“Computershare Sweden”). The Swedish Proxy cannot be used to vote securities directly at the Meeting. Instead  the Swedish Proxy must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines that will be described in the instructions provided with the Swedish Proxy.NOMINATION OF NEW DIRECTORSThe term of office of each of the present directors expires at the Meeting. On February 17  2022  Mr. Lukas Lundin  current Chair and a Director of the Corporation  indicated his intention to retire from the Board (link to press release). Six of the nominees are existing directors of the Corporation and Mr. Adam Lundin is nominated for election to the Board to replace Mr. Lukas Lundin.Eira Thomas  President & CEO commented: “On behalf of the Board and management team of Lucara  I would like to once again express our gratitude and thanks to Lukas for his wise counsel and leadership over more than a decade  helping to build Lucara into one of the world’s leading producers of large  exceptional  high value gem diamonds and the only diamond mine to recover three diamonds in excess of 1000 carats. At the same time  we are delighted to be recognizing the ongoing support and commitment of the Lundin family with the nomination of Adam Lundin to our Board of Directors at a critical time  as we push forward with the Karowe underground mine expansion  expected to add at least $4 billion in revenues out to at least 2040.”Mr. Adam Lundin has many years of experience in capital markets and public company management across the natural resources sector. His background includes oil & gas and mining technology  investment advisory  international finance and executive management. He began his career working for several Lundin Group mining companies in various countries before moving into finance where he specialized in institutional equity sales  ultimately becoming co-head of the London office for an international securities firm. Mr. Lundin is currently the President  CEO and a Director of Josemaria Resources  another Lundin Group company. Mr. Lundin was the former President and CEO of Filo Mining  and now serves as the Chairman of the Board. He is also a Director of NGEx Minerals Ltd.  Lundin Energy AB and the Lundin Foundation.Eira ThomasPresident and Chief Executive OfficerFollow Lucara Diamond on Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  and LinkedInABOUT LUCARALucara is a leading independent producer of large exceptional quality Type IIa diamonds from its 100% owned Karowe Mine in Botswana. The Company has an experienced board and management team with extensive diamond development and operations expertise. The Company operates transparently and in accordance with international best practices in the areas of sustainability  health and safety  environment and community relations.The information in this release is accurate at the time of distribution but may be superseded or qualified by subsequent news releases.The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 3:30 PM Pacific Time on April 7  2022.CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSCertain of the statements made and contained herein and elsewhere constitute forward-looking statements as defined in applicable securities laws. Generally  these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “potential”  “possible” and similar expressions  or statements that events  conditions or results “will”  “may”  “could” or “should” occur or be achieved.Forward-looking statements are based on the opinions and estimates of management as of the date such statements are made  and they are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results  performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company believes that expectations reflected in this forward-looking information are reasonable  but no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be accurate and such forward-looking information included herein should not be unduly relied upon.In particular  forward-looking information and forward-looking statements in this news release may include  but are not limited to  information or statements with respect to expected revenues over the remaining life of mine and how long the Company will be able to operate the Karowe Mine. There can be no assurance that such forward looking statements will prove to be accurate  as the Company’s results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in this forward-looking information as a result of those factors discussed in or referred to under the heading “COVID-19 Global Pandemic” in the Company’s most recent MD&A and under the heading “Risks and Uncertainties” in the Company’s most recent Annual Information Form  both available at http://www.sedar.com  as well as changes in general business and economic conditions  the ability to continue as a going concern  changes in interest and foreign currency rates  changes in inflation  the supply and demand for  deliveries of and the level and volatility of prices of rough diamonds  costs of power and diesel  impacts of potential disruptions to supply chains  acts of foreign governments and the outcome of legal proceedings  inaccurate geological and recoverability assumptions (including with respect to the size  grade and recoverability of mineral reserves and resources)  and unanticipated operational difficulties (including failure of plant  equipment or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or expectations  cost escalations  unavailability of materials and equipment  government action or delays in the receipt of government approvals  industrial disturbances or other job actions  adverse weather conditions  and unanticipated events relating to health safety and environmental matters).Accordingly  readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date the statements were made  and the Company does not assume any obligations to update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances  except as required by law.SOURCE Lucara Diamond Corp.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.58,0.22,0.21,True,English,"['LUCARA ANNUAL GENERAL', 'SPECIAL MEETING', 'HELD', 'large, exceptional, high value gem diamonds', 'several Lundin Group mining companies', 'Karowe underground mine expansion', 'accompanying Management Proxy Circular', 'consolidated financial statements', 'share unit plan', 'maximum share reservation', 'Public Health Agency', 'novel coronavirus disease', 'institutional equity sales', 'NGEx Minerals Ltd.', 'natural resources sector', 'Lundin Group company', 'Lundin Energy AB', 'NASDAQ STOCKHOLM EXCHANGE', 'Pacific Standard Time', 'Mr. Adam Lundin', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Registered Securities', 'Mr. Lukas Lundin', 'international securities firm', 'proxy deposit date', 'related meeting materials', 'public company management', 'Lucara Diamond Corp.', 'The Swedish Proxy', 'three diamonds', 'diamond mine', 'Mr. Lundin', 'mining technology', 'Filo Mining', 'Lundin family', 'Computershare AB', 'management presentation', 'management team', 'executive management', 'Josemaria Resources', 'Computershare Sweden', 'registered holders', 'record date', 'same time', 'critical time', 'SECURITIES TRADE', 'Annual General', 'Graydon LLP', '595 Burrard St.', 'British Columbia', 'ordinary resolution', 'unallocated awards', 'advisory resolution', 'executive compensation', 'physical distancing', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'current Chair', 'press release', 'Eira Thomas', 'wise counsel', 'leading producers', 'ongoing support', 'many years', 'capital markets', 'investment advisory', 'international finance', 'various countries', 'proxy form', 'voting securities', 'upcoming year', 'following purposes', 'NEW DIRECTORS', 'present directors', 'existing directors', 'Special Meeting', 'a decade', 'London office', 'former President', 'The Corporation', 'Voting instructions', '11:00 a', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'April', 'CNW', 'TSX', 'BSE', 'Shareholders', 'Blake', 'Cassels', 'Suite', 'Friday', 'May', 'PDF', 'report', 'auditors', 'remuneration', 'amendments', 'March', 'Notice', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'website', 'lucaradiamond', 'shares', 'advance', 'mail', 'telephone', 'internet', 'guidelines', 'Canada', 'spread', 'business', 'information', 'section', 'significance', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'accordance', 'deadlines', 'NOMINATION', 'term', 'February', 'intention', 'Board', 'link', 'nominees', 'election', 'CEO', 'behalf', 'gratitude', 'leadership', 'world', 'excess', '1000 carats', 'commitment', 'revenues', 'experience', 'background', 'oil', 'gas', 'career', 'head', 'Chairman']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,nxtmine.com
2583,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BILLERUDKORSNAS-AB-PUBL-6494534/news/Notice-to-BillerudKorsnas-annual-general-meeting-2022-40001563/,Notice to BillerudKorsnäs' annual general meeting 2022,1 day ago,"The shareholders of BillerudKorsnäs Aktiebolag are hereby invited to the annual general meeting  to be held on Tuesday 10 May 2022 at 15.00 at Norra Latin - Stockholm City Conference Center   the auditorium  at Norra Bantorget (arriving with car the address is Barnhusgatan 7A  and arriving by foot the address is Drottninggatan 71) in Stockholm  Sweden . Registration starts at 14.30.The board has resolved  in accordance with § 10 in BillerudKorsnäs' articles of association  that shareholders may perform their voting rights at the annual general meeting also through postal voting.Notice of attendance to the meeting shall be given no later than by Wednesday 4 May 2022 by submitting notice to attend or a postal vote  see below.Material from the meeting  such as CEO Christoph Michalski's presentation and for the meeting available presentation material will be published at the company's website  www.billerudkorsnas.com/about-us/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022 the day after the meeting.The agenda items in briefThe board's proposed agenda for the annual general meeting  and the complete proposals are stated in this document. The proposed resolutions are  in brief  the following.Authorisation for the board to resolve on a rights issueThe meeting shall resolve whether or not to approve the board's proposal to authorise the board to resolve on a new share issue with preferential right for the shareholders amounting to maximum SEK 3.5 billion in order to repay a part of the debt which was raised in conjunction with the acquisition of Verso Corporation .Name change to Billerud Aktiebolag (publ)The meeting shall resolve on the board's proposal to change the company's name to Billerud Aktiebolag (publ) by an amendment of the articles of association.Annual report  dividend and discharge of liabilityThe meeting shall adopt the annual report for 2021. The annual report is available on the company's website www.billerudkorsnas.com/investors/financial-reports.The meeting shall resolve upon the disposition of the year's result. The board proposes a dividend of SEK 4.30 per share. The dividend is estimated to be paid out to the shareholders on Tuesday 17 May 2022 .per share. The dividend is estimated to be paid out to the shareholders on Tuesday . The meeting shall resolve whether or not to discharge the board and CEO of liability for 2021.Election of board and auditor  as well as remuneration to the board and auditorThe meeting shall elect the company's board. Current board members Andrea Gisle Joosen   Bengt Hammar   Victoria van Camp   Jan Svensson (chairman) and Jan Åström are proposed for re-election. In addition  Florian Heiserer and Magnus Nicolin are proposed as new members of the board.      (chairman) and Jan Åström are proposed for re-election. In addition  and are proposed as new members of the board. The meeting shall resolve on remuneration to the board and auditor. The nomination committee proposes increased fees for the board work  and that the auditor's fee shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.The meeting shall elect auditor. The nomination committee proposes that KPMG is re-elected as auditor for one more year. Hök Olov Forsberg will be appointed by KPMG as the new auditor-in-charge.Remuneration guidelines  remuneration report and performance based long-term share program for 2022The meeting shall resolve on approval of the remuneration report for 2021.The meeting shall resolve on the updates in the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives due to the acquisition of Verso Corporation to be effective from the annual general meeting 2022 and forward.to be effective from the annual general meeting 2022 and forward. The meeting shall resolve on the board's proposal to introduce a performance based long-term share program for 2022 for the CEO  other members of the Executive Management Team (EMT members) and other key employees within BillerudKorsnäs. The proposed program has the same structure as the share-based incentive program for 2021 and is described in detail below.NotificationShareholders who wish to attend the annual general meeting must give notice of their attendance to the company no later than Wednesday 4 May 2022 and be recorded in the share register (maintained by Euroclear Sweden ) on Monday 2 May 2022 (the so called ""Record Date""). Notice may be submitted:by mail to BillerudKorsnäs AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   P.O box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden ; or  P.O box 191  101 23 ; or by telephone to +46 8402 90 62; oron www.billerudkorsnas.com/register/.The notification shall state the name and should in addition thereto state the personal/company registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any advisors (not more than two). Shareholders participating by proxy shall send proxy form  registration certificate or other incorporation documentation to the company to the address BillerudKorsnäs AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   P.O box 191  101 23 Stockholm. A proxy form is available at the company's website www.billerudkorsnas.com/about-us/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022. If the shareholder is a legal person a registration certificate or other authorisation documentation shall be attached to the form.Shareholders who wish to use the possibility of postal voting in advance shall do this in accordance with the instructions under the headline ""Postal voting"" below.Nominee-registered shares (voting rights registration)Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must temporarily re-register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as per Monday 2 May 2022 . Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and is requested at the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday 4 May 2022 will be taken into account when preparing the general meeting share register.Postal votingA dedicated form shall be used for the postal vote. The form is available at BillerudKorsnäs' website  www.billerudkorsnas.com/about-us/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022 . Additional instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden (administrating the forms on behalf of BillerudKorsnäs) no later than Wednesday 4 May 2022 . The completed form shall be sent electronically either by signature with BankID in accordance with instructions on anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or by sending the completed and signed form by e-mail to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com. The completed and signed form may also be sent by mail to BillerudKorsnäs Aktiebolag  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden .If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a proxy and authorisation documentation must be attached to the form.Proposed agenda for the annual general meeting 2021Opening of the meeting. Election of chairman of the meeting. Drawing up and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the agenda. Presentation of the annual report and the auditors' report as well as the consolidated accounts and consolidated auditors' report for the 2021 financial year. Resolution onthe adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet for 2021  the disposition of the company's profits based on the adopted balance sheet for 2021 and the record date for the dividend  and discharge of personal liability for board members and the CEO for their administration for the year 2021.Presentation of the remuneration report for approval. Resolution on number of board members to be elected by the meeting. Resolution on remuneration for board members and committee work and on fees for auditors. Election of board members:Andrea Gisle Joosen (re-election  proposed by the nomination committee)  Bengt Hammar (re-election  proposed by the nomination committee)  Jan Svensson (re-election  proposed by the nomination committee)  Victoria van Camp (re-election  proposed by the nomination committee)  Jan Åström (re-election  proposed by the nomination committee)  Florian Heiserer (new election  proposed by the nomination committee)  and Magnus Nicolin (new election  proposed by the nomination committee).Election of chairman of the board. Election of auditor. The board's proposal regarding remuneration guidelines to senior executives. The board's proposal regarding a performance based long-term share program for 2022  including resolutions toimplement a performance based long-term share program for 2022  and transfer own shares to the participants.The board's proposal regarding amendment of the articles of association. The board's proposal on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares with preferential right for the shareholders. Closing of the meeting.For further information  please contact:Andreas Mattsson   General Counsel  +46 553 335 16https://news.cision.com/billerudkorsnas/r/notice-to-billerudkorsnas--annual-general-meeting-2022 c3542897https://mb.cision.com/Main/66/3542897/1561929.pdf",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,True,English,"[""BillerudKorsnäs' annual general meeting"", 'Notice', 'Hök Olov Forsberg', 'Stockholm City Conference Center', 'Andrea Gisle Joosen', 'Victoria van Camp', 'Executive Management Team', 'P.O box', 'Jan Åström', 'other key employees', 'other incorporation documentation', 'BillerudKorsnäs AB', 'share-based incentive program', 'BillerudKorsnäs Aktiebolag', 'CEO Christoph Michalski', 'long-term share program', ""BillerudKorsnäs' articles"", 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/company registration number', 'new share issue', 'Current board members', 'other members', 'Annual report', 'Jan Svensson', 'rights issue', 'new members', 'Billerud Aktiebolag', 'EMT members', 'share register', 'Norra Latin', 'Norra Bantorget', 'Barnhusgatan 7A', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'Wednesday 4 May', 'postal vote', 'complete proposals', 'preferential right', 'Verso Corporation', 'Bengt Hammar', 'Florian Heiserer', 'Magnus Nicolin', 'nomination committee', 'senior executives', 'same structure', 'Monday 2 May', 'registration certificate', 'Tuesday 10 May', 'Tuesday 17 May', 'agenda items', 'maximum SEK', 'remuneration report', 'telephone number', 'proxy form', 'new auditor', 'Name change', 'board work', 'presentation material', 'Remuneration guidelines', 'shareholders', 'auditorium', 'car', 'address', 'foot', 'Drottninggatan', 'accordance', 'association', 'Notice', 'attendance', 'available', 'website', 'billerudkorsnas', 'corporate-governance', 'brief', 'resolutions', 'Authorisation', 'order', 'part', 'debt', 'conjunction', 'acquisition', 'publ', 'amendment', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'liability', 'investors', 'financial-reports', 'disposition', 'year', 'result', 'Election', 'chairman', 'addition', 'fees', 'invoices', 'KPMG', 'performance', 'approval', 'updates', 'detail', 'Notification', 'mail', 'advisors', '14.30', '§', '2021', '2022', '8402']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,marketscreener.com
2584,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+FWP+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA+Filed+by%3A+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA/19894063.html,Form FWP ROYAL BANK OF CANADA Filed by: ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,1 day ago,Royal Bank of Canada is offering Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the common stock of MGM Resorts International (the “Reference Stock Issuer”). The Notes are our senior unsecured obligations  will pay a monthly coupon at the interest rate specified below  and will have the terms described in the documents set forth above  as supplemented or modified by this terms supplement.The Notes do not guarantee any return of principal at maturity. Any payments on the Note s are subject to our credit risk.Investing in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Selected Risk Considerations” beginning on page P-8 of this terms supplement  “Additional Risk Factors Specific to Your Notes” beginning on page PS-3 of the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-2 of the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021.The Notes will not constitute deposits insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other Canadian or U.S. government agency or instrumentality. The Notes are not subject to conversion into our common shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Notes or determined that this terms supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada Stock Exchange Listing: None Trade Date: April 12  2022 Principal Amount: $10 000 per Note Issue Date: April 18  2022 Maturity Date: April 17  2025 Coupon Payment: Each coupon will be paid in equal monthly payments  unless the Notes are previously called. Final Stock Price: The closing price of the Reference Stock on the Valuation Date. Call Feature: If the closing price of the Reference Stock is greater than or equal to the Initial Stock Price starting on October 12  2022 and on any quarterly Call Observation Date thereafter  the Notes will be automatically called for 100% of their principal amount  plus the coupon applicable to the corresponding Call Observation Date. Payment at Maturity (if held to maturity): If the Notes are not previously called  we will pay an amount at maturity based on the Final Stock Price. For each $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes  the investor will receive at maturity $10 000 plus accrued and unpaid interest  unless the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price. If the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price  then the investor will receive at maturity  instead of the principal amount  in addition to accrued and unpaid interest  for each $10 000 in principal amount  the number of shares of the Reference Stock equal to the Physical Delivery Amount  or at our election  the cash value of those shares. Investors could lose some or all of their principal amount if the Final Stock Price of the Reference Stock is less than the Barrier Price. Physical Delivery Amount: For each $10 000 in principal amount  a number of shares of the Reference Stock equal to the principal amount divided by the Initial Stock Price  subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. Monitoring Period: The Valuation Date.Reference StockAnnual Coupon RateInitial Stock PriceBarrier PriceCUSIP/ISINPrincipal AmountPrice to Public(1)Underwriting Discounts and Commissions(1)Proceeds to Royal Bank of Canada MGM Resorts International (MGM)7.55%$[]60% of the Initial Stock Price78015QAL5 / US78015QAL59$[]100%$[] 2.00%$[] 98.00%(1) Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sales to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forego some or all of their underwriting discount or selling concessions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be between $9 800 and $10 000 per $10 000 in principal amount. If the Notes priced on the date of this terms supplement  RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”)  acting as our agent  would receive a commission of approximately $200 per $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes and would use a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers of up to approximately $200 per $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” below.The initial estimated value of the Notes as of the Trade Date is expected to be between $9 101.68 and $9 601.68 per $10 000 in principal amount  and will be less than the price to public. The final pricing supplement relating to the Notes will set forth our estimate of the initial value of the Notes as of the Trade Date. The actual value of the Notes at any time will reflect many factors  cannot be predicted with accuracy  and may be less than this amount. We describe our determination of the initial estimated value in more detail below.RBC Capital Markets  LLCAuto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSUMMARYThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this terms supplement  the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement  and the prospectus.General: This terms supplement relates to an offering of Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the common stock (the “Reference Stock”) of MGM Resorts International (the “Reference Stock Issuer”). Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada (“Royal Bank”) Trade Date (Pricing Date): April 12  2022 Issue Date: April 18  2022 Valuation Date: April 14  2025 Maturity Date: April 17  2025 Denominations: Minimum denomination of $10 000  and integral multiples of $10 000 thereafter. Designated Currency: U.S. Dollars Coupon Rate: 7.55% per annum. Each coupon will be paid in equal monthly payments of 0.6292% of the principal amount on the applicable Coupon Payment Date  unless the Notes are previously called. Coupon Payment Dates: May 17  2022  June 16  2022  July 15  2022  August 17  2022  September 15  2022  October 17  2022  November 17  2022  December 15  2022  January 18  2023  February 16  2023  March 16  2023  April 17  2023  May 17  2023  June 15  2023  July 17  2023  August 17  2023  September 15  2023  October 17  2023  November 16  2023  December 15  2023  January 18  2024  February 15  2024  March 15  2024  April 17  2024  May 16  2024  June 17  2024  July 17  2024  August 15  2024  September 17  2024  October 17  2024  November 15  2024  December 17  2024  January 16  2025  February 18  2025  March 17  2025 and the Maturity Date. Record Dates: The record date for each Coupon Payment Date will be one business day prior to that scheduled Coupon Payment Date; provided  however  that the Coupon Payment at maturity or upon an automatic call will be payable to the person to whom the payment at maturity or upon that call  as the case may be  is payable. Call Feature: If  starting on October 12  2022 and on any quarterly Call Observation Date thereafter  the closing price of the Reference Stock is greater than or equal to the Initial Stock Price  then the Notes will be automatically called. Call Settlement Dates: If the Notes are called on any Call Observation Date  the Call Settlement Date will be the Coupon Payment Date immediately following that Call Observation Date. Payment if Called: If the Notes are automatically called  then  on the applicable Call Settlement Date  for each $10 000 principal amount  you will receive $10 000 plus the Coupon otherwise due on that Call Settlement Date. Call Observation Dates: October 12  2022  January 12  2023  April 12  2023  July 12  2023  October 12  2023  January 12  2024  April 12  2024  July 12  2024  October 14  2024  January 13  2025 and the Valuation Date. Initial Stock Price: The closing price of the Reference Stock on the Trade Date.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaBarrier Price: 60% of the Initial Stock Price Final Stock Price: The closing price of the Reference Stock on the Valuation Date. Payment at Maturity (if the Notes are not previously called and are held to maturity): If the Notes are not previously called  then for each $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes  the investor will receive $10 000 plus any accrued and unpaid interest at maturity  unless the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price. If the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price  then the investor will receive at maturity  in addition to accrued and unpaid interest  for each $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes  the number of shares of the Reference Stock equal to the Physical Delivery Amount  or at our election  the Cash Delivery Amount. If we elect to deliver shares of the Reference Stock  fractional shares will be paid in cash. The value of the cash or shares that you would receive in this case will be less than your principal amount  if anything  resulting in a loss that is proportionate to the decline of the Reference Stock from the Trade Date to the Valuation Date. Investors in the Notes could lose some or all of their principal amount if the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price. Physical Delivery Amount: For each $10 000 in principal amount  a number of shares equal to $10 000 divided by the Initial Stock Price of the Reference Stock. The Physical Delivery Amount is subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. If we are required to deliver to you a number of shares that is not a round number  then the number of shares of the Reference Stock to be delivered will be rounded down and the fractional part shall be paid in cash. Cash Delivery Amount: The product of the Physical Delivery Amount multiplied by the Final Stock Price. Monitoring Period: The Valuation Date. The price of the Reference Stock between the Trade Date and the Valuation Date will not impact the Payment at Maturity. Monitoring Method: Close of Trading Day Calculation Agent: RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”) U.S. Tax Treatment: By purchasing a Note  each holder agrees (in the absence of a change in law  an administrative determination or a judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the Notes as an investment unit consisting of (i) a non-contingent debt instrument issued by us to you and (ii) a put option with respect to the Reference Stock written by you and purchased by us. However  the U.S. federal income tax consequences of your investment in the Notes are uncertain and the Internal Revenue Service could assert that the Notes should be taxed in a manner that is different from that described in the preceding sentence. Please see the section below  “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” and the discussion (including the opinion of our special U.S. tax counsel  Ashurst LLP) in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” which apply to the Notes. Secondary Market: RBCCM (or one of its affiliates)  though not obligated to do so  may maintain a secondary market in the Notes after the issue date. The amount that you may receive upon sale of your Notes prior to maturity may be less than the principal amount. Listing: The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg as described under “Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021).Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaTerms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing on the cover page and above the item captioned “Secondary Market” on pages P-2 and P-3 of this terms supplement and the terms appearing under the caption “General Terms of the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement  as modified by this terms supplement.The Trade Date  issue date and other dates set forth above are subject to change  and will be set forth in the final pricing supplement relating to the Notes.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaADDITIONAL TERMS OF YOUR NOTESYou should read this terms supplement together with the prospectus dated September 14  2021  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  relating to our Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this terms supplement will have the meanings given to them in the product prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this terms supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the product prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this terms supplement carefully.This terms supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and “Additional Risk Factors Specific to Your Notes” in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors before you invest in the Notes. You may access these documents on the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):Prospectus dated September 14  2021:Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Product Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 1000275. As used in this terms supplement  “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to Royal Bank of Canada.Royal Bank of Canada has filed a registration statement (including a product prospectus supplement  a prospectus supplement  and a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this terms supplement relates. Before you invest  you should read those documents and the other documents relating to this offering that we have filed with the SEC for more complete information about us and this offering. You may obtain these documents without cost by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively  Royal Bank of Canada  any agent or any dealer participating in this offering will arrange to send you the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you so request by calling toll-free at 1-877-688-2301.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaHYPOTHETICAL EXAMPLES OF AMOUNTS PAYABLE AT MATURITYThe examples set forth below are provided for illustration purposes only. The assumptions in each of the examples are purely hypothetical and do not relate to the expected performance of the Reference Stock. The hypothetical terms do not purport to be representative of every possible scenario concerning increases or decreases in the price of the Reference Stock on the Valuation Date relative to its price on the Trade Date. We cannot predict the actual performance of the Reference Stock.The table below illustrates the Payment at Maturity of the Notes (excluding the final Coupon)  assuming a hypothetical Initial Stock Price of $100  a Barrier Price of $60  an initial investment of $10 000 and a hypothetical Physical Delivery Amount of 100 (which is $10 000 divided by $100). For this purpose  we have assumed that the Notes are not automatically called  and there will be no anti-dilution adjustments to the Final Stock Price and no market disruption events. Hypothetical Final Stock Prices are shown in the first column on the left. The second column shows the Payment at Maturity (as a percentage of the principal amount). The third column shows the Physical Delivery Amount (if payable) as a number of shares of the Reference Stock. The fourth column shows the Cash Delivery Amount  should we elect to deliver the Cash Delivery Amount instead of the Physical Delivery Amount.Hypothetical Final Stock Price Payment at Maturity as Percentage of Principal Amount Physical Delivery Amount as Number of Shares of the Reference Stock Cash Delivery Amount $150.00 100.00% n/a n/a $125.00 100.00% n/a n/a $100.00 100.00% n/a n/a $90.00 100.00% n/a n/a $80.00 100.00% n/a n/a $70.00 100.00% n/a n/a $60.00 100.00% n/a n/a $59.99 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $5 999 $50.00 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $5 000 $40.00 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $4 000 $30.00 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $3 000 $20.00 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $2 000 $0 Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Settlement Amount 100 $0The Payments at Maturity shown above are entirely hypothetical; they are based on hypothetical prices of the Reference Stock that may not be achieved on the Valuation Date  and on assumptions that may prove to be erroneous. The hypothetical Initial Stock Price is not the expected actual Initial Stock Price; the actual Initial Stock Price will be set forth on the cover page of the final pricing supplement. The actual market value of your Notes on the Maturity Date or at any other time  including any time you may wish to sell your Notes  may bear little relation to the hypothetical Payments at Maturity shown above  and those amounts should not be viewed as an indication of the financial return on an investment in the Notes or on an investment in the Reference Stock. Please read “Additional Risk Factors Specific to Your Notes” and “Hypothetical Returns on Your Notes” in the accompanying product prospectus supplement.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaHypothetical Examples of Amounts Payable at MaturityThe following hypothetical examples illustrate how the total returns set forth in the table above are calculated. In addition to the hypothetical returns  an investor would have received the periodic Coupon Payments over the term of the Notes.Example 1 : The price of the Reference Stock increases by 25% from the Initial Stock Price to a Final Stock Price of $125.00. Because the Final Stock Price is greater than the Barrier Price  the investor receives at maturity  in addition to the final Coupon Payment  a cash payment of $10 000 per Note  despite the 25% appreciation in the price of the Reference Stock.Example 2: The price of the Reference Stock decreases by 10% from the Initial Stock Price to a Final Stock Price of $90.00. Because the Final Stock Price is greater than the Barrier Price  the investor receives at maturity  in addition to the final Coupon Payment  a cash payment of $10 000 per Note  despite the 10% decline in the price of the Reference Stock.Example 3: The price of the Reference Stock decreases by 60% from the Initial Stock Price to a Final Stock Price of $40.00. Because the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price  the investor receives at maturity  in addition to the final Coupon Payment  100 shares of the Reference Stock at maturity  or at our option  the Cash Delivery Amount. The value of these shares as of the Valuation Date is calculated as follows:Physical Delivery Amount x Final Stock Price = 100 x $40.00 = $4 000.00As of the Valuation Date  the value of these shares will be $4 000 per $10 000 in principal amount of the Notes  representing a 60% loss of your principal amount. Even with the interest payable over the term of the Notes  you would lose a significant portion of your initial investment.* * *The Payments at Maturity shown above are entirely hypothetical; they are based on theoretical prices of the Reference Stock that may not be achieved on the Valuation Date and on assumptions that may prove to be erroneous. The actual market value of your Notes on the Maturity Date or at any other time  including any time you may wish to sell your Notes  may bear little relation to the hypothetical Payments at Maturity shown above  and those amounts should not be viewed as an indication of the financial return on an investment in the Notes.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSELECTED RISK CONSIDERATIONSAn investment in the Notes involves significant risks. Investing in the Notes is not equivalent to investing directly in the Reference Stock. These risks are explained in more detail in the section “Additional Risk Factors Specific to Your Notes” in the product prospectus supplement. In addition to the risks described in the prospectus supplement and the product prospectus supplement  you should consider the following:Risks Relating to the Terms of the Notes• You May Lose Some or All of the Principal Amount at Maturity — Investors in the Notes could lose all or a substantial portion of their principal amount if there is a decline in the closing price of the Reference Stock between the Trade Date and the Valuation Date. If the Notes are not automatically called  and the Final Stock Price is less than the Barrier Price  the value of the shares or the amount of cash that you receive at maturity will represent a loss of your principal that is proportionate to the decline in the closing price of the Reference Stock from the Trade Date to the Valuation Date. If we deliver shares of the Reference Stock to you  they may further decline in value between the Valuation Date and the maturity date. The rate of interest payable on the Notes may not be sufficient to compensate for any such loss.• The Notes Are Subject to an Automatic Call — If on any Call Observation Date  beginning in October 2022  the closing price of the Reference Stock is greater than or equal to the Initial Stock Price  then the Notes will be automatically called. If the Notes are automatically called  then  on the applicable Call Settlement Date  for each $10 000 in principal amount  you will receive $10 000 plus the Coupon otherwise due on the applicable Call Settlement Date. You will not receive any Coupons after that payment. You may be unable to reinvest your proceeds from the automatic call in an investment with a return that is as high as the return on the Notes would have been if they had not been called.• The Call Feature Limits Your Potential Return — The return potential of the Notes is limited to the pre-specified Coupon Rate  regardless of the appreciation of the Reference Stock. If the Notes are called  you will not receive any Coupon Payments after the applicable Coupon Payment Date. Since the Notes could be called as early as October 2022  the total return on the Notes could be limited. As a result  the return on an investment in the Notes could be less than the return on a direct investment in the Reference Stock.• Your Return May Be Lower than the Return on a Conventional Debt Security of Comparable Maturity — The return that you will receive on the Notes  which could be negative  may be less than the return you could earn on other investments. Even if your return is positive  your return may be less than the return you would earn if you purchased one of our conventional senior interest bearing debt securities.• Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Changes in Our Credit Ratings Are Expected to Affect the Market Value of the Notes — The Notes are our senior unsecured debt securities. As a result  the amount due on any relevant payment date is dependent upon our ability to repay our obligations on that date. This will be the case even if the price of the Reference Stock increases after the Trade Date. No assurance can be given as to what our financial condition will be during the term of the Notes.Risks Relating to the Secondary Market for the Notes• There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes-Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses — There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. RBCCM and our other affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. RBCCM or any of our other affiliates may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and asked prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaRisks Relating to the Initial Estimated Value of the Notes• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Will Be Less than the Price to the Public —The initial estimated value that will be set forth on the cover page of the final pricing supplement for the Notes does not represent a minimum price at which we  RBCCM or any of our affiliates would be willing to purchase the Notes in any secondary market (if any exists) at any time. If you attempt to sell the Notes prior to maturity  their market value may be lower than the price you paid for them and the initial estimated value. This is due to  among other things  changes in the price of the Reference Stock  the borrowing rate we pay to issue securities of this kind  and the inclusion in the price to the public of the underwriting discount and the estimated costs relating to our hedging of the Notes. These factors  together with various credit  market and economic factors over the term of the Notes  are expected to reduce the price at which you may be able to sell the Notes in any secondary market and will affect the value of the Notes in complex and unpredictable ways. Assuming no change in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell your Notes prior to maturity may be less than your original purchase price  as any such sale price would not be expected to include the underwriting discount and the hedging costs relating to the Notes. In addition to bid-ask spreads  the value of the Notes determined by RBCCM for any secondary market price is expected to be based on the secondary rate rather than the internal funding rate used to price the Notes and determine the initial estimated value. As a result  the secondary price will be less than if the internal funding rate was used. The Notes are not designed to be short-term trading instruments. Accordingly  you should be able and willing to hold your Notes to maturity.• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes that We Will Provide in the Final Pricing Supplement Will Be an Estimate Only  Calculated as of the Time the Terms of the Notes Are Set —The initial estimated value of the Notes will be based on the value of our obligation to make the payments on the Notes  together with the mid-market value of the derivative embedded in the terms of the Notes. See “Structuring the Notes” below. Our estimate will be based on a variety of assumptions  including our credit spreads  expectations as to dividends  interest rates and volatility  and the expected term of the Notes. These assumptions are based on certain forecasts about future events  which may prove to be incorrect. Other entities may value the Notes or similar securities at a price that is significantly different than we do.The value of the Notes at any time after the Trade Date will vary based on many factors  including changes in market conditions  and cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result  the actual value you would receive if you sold the Notes in any secondary market  if any  should be expected to differ materially from the initial estimated value of your Notes.Risks Relating to Conflicts of Interest and Our Trading Activities• Our Business Activities May Create Conflicts of Interest — We and our affiliates expect to engage in trading activities related to the Reference Stock that are not for the account of holders of the Notes or on their behalf. These trading activities may present a conflict between the holders’ interests in the Notes and the interests we and our affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts  in facilitating transactions  including options and other derivatives transactions  for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities  if they influence the share price of the Reference Stock  could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes. We and one or more of our affiliates may  at present or in the future  engage in business with the Reference Stock Issuer  including making loans to or providing advisory services. These services could include investment banking and merger and acquisition advisory services. These activities may present a conflict between our or one or more of our affiliates’ obligations and your interests as a holder of the Notes. Moreover  we and our affiliates may have published  and in the future expect to publish  research reports with respect to the Reference Stock. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes. Any of these activities by us or one or more of our affiliates may affect the price of the Reference Stock  and  therefore  the market value of the Notes .• You Must Rely on Your Own Evaluation of the Merits of an Investment Linked to the Reference Stock — In the ordinary course of their business  our affiliates may have expressed views on expected movements inAuto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of Canadathe Reference Stock  and may do so in the future. These views or reports may be communicated to our clients and clients of our affiliates. However  these views are subject to change from time to time. Moreover  other professionals who transact business in markets relating to the Reference Stock may at any time have significantly different views from those of our affiliates. For these reasons  you are encouraged to derive information concerning the Reference Stock from multiple sources  and you should not rely solely on views expressed by our affiliates.Risks Relating to the Reference Stock• Owning the Notes Is Not the Same as Owning the Reference Stock — The return on your Notes is unlikely to reflect the return you would realize if you actually owned shares of the Reference Stock. For instance  you will not receive or be entitled to receive any dividend payments or other distributions on the Reference Stock during the term of your Notes. As an owner of the Notes  you will not have voting rights or any other rights that holders of the Reference Stock may have. Furthermore  the Reference Stock may appreciate substantially during the term of the Notes  while your potential return will be limited to the Coupon Payments.• There Is No Affiliation Between the Reference Stock Issuer and RBCCM  and RBCCM Is Not Responsible for any Disclosure by the Reference Stock Issuer — We are not affiliated with the Reference Stock Issuer. However  we and our affiliates may currently  or from time to time in the future engage  in business with the Reference Stock Issuer. Nevertheless  neither we nor our affiliates assume any responsibilities for the accuracy or the completeness of any information that any other company prepares. You  as an investor in the Notes  should make your own investigation into the Reference Stock. The Reference Stock Issuer is not involved in this offering and has no obligation of any sort with respect to your Notes. The Reference Stock Issuer has no obligation to take your interests into consideration for any reason  including when taking any corporate actions that might affect the value of your Notes.• The Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Postponement Due to Market Disruption Events and Adjustments —The payment at maturity and the Valuation Date are subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. For a description of what constitutes a market disruption event as well as the consequences of that market disruption event  see “General Terms of the Notes—Consequences of Market Disruption Events” in the product prospectus supplement.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaINFORMATION REGARDING THE REFERENCE STOCK ISSUERThe Reference Stock is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). Companies with securities registered under that Act are required to file periodically certain financial and other information specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Information filed with the SEC can be obtained through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition  information regarding the Reference Stock may be obtained from other sources including  but not limited to  press releases  newspaper articles and other publicly disseminated documents.The following information regarding the Reference Stock Issuer is derived from publicly available information. We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of reports filed by the Reference Stock Issuer with the SEC  information published by it on its website or in any other format  information about it obtained from any other source or the information provided below.MGM Resorts InternationalMGM Resorts International operates gaming  hospitality and entertainment resorts. The company offers accommodation  dining  meeting  convention and hospitality management services for casino and non-casino properties.The company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “MGM.”Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaHISTORICAL INFORMATIONThe graph below illustrates the performance of the Reference Stock from January 1  2012 to April 6  2022. The closing price of the Reference Stock on April 6  2022 was $39.74. The red line represents a hypothetical Barrier Price of $23.84  which is equal to 60% of the closing price of the Reference Stock on April 6  2022 (rounded to two decimal places). The actual Barrier Price will be based on the closing price of the Reference Stock on the Trade Date.We obtained the historical information below from Bloomberg Financial Markets  without independent investigation.PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS .Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSUPPLEMENTAL DISCUSSION OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCESThe following disclosure supplements  and to the extent inconsistent supersedes  the discussion in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” (including the opinion of our special U.S. tax counsel  Ashurst LLP)  which applies to the Notes.By purchasing a Note  each holder agrees (in the absence of a change in law  an administrative determination or a judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the Notes as an investment unit consisting of (i) a non-contingent debt instrument issued by us to you (the “Debt Portion”) and (ii) a put option with respect to the Reference Stock written by you and purchased by us (the “Put Option”). With respect to the Coupon Payments you receive  [•]% of each [•]% Coupon Payment will be treated as an interest payment  and [•]% of each [•]% Coupon Payment will be treated as payment for the Put Option for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. federal income tax consequences of your investment in the Notes are uncertain and the IRS could assert that the Notes should be taxed in a manner that is different from that described in the preceding sentence.Under Section 871(m) of the Code  a “dividend equivalent” payment is treated as a dividend from sources within the United States. Such payments generally would be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax if paid to a non-U.S. holder. Under U.S. Treasury Department regulations  payments (including deemed payments) with respect to equity-linked instruments (“ELIs”) that are “specified ELIs” may be treated as dividend equivalents if such specified ELIs reference  directly or indirectly  an interest in an “underlying security ” which is generally any interest in an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes if a payment with respect to such interest could give rise to a U.S. source dividend. However  the IRS has issued guidance that states that the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS intend to amend the effective dates of the U.S. Treasury Department regulations to provide that withholding on dividend equivalent payments will not apply to specified ELIs that are not delta-one instruments and that are issued before January 1  2023. Based on our determination that the Notes are not delta-one instruments  non-U.S. holders should not be subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments  if any  under the Notes. However  it is possible that the Notes could be treated as deemed reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the occurrence of certain events affecting the Reference Stock or the Notes  and following such occurrence the Notes could be treated as subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments. Non-U.S. holders that enter  or have entered  into other transactions in respect of the Reference Stock or the Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the application of the dividend equivalent withholding tax in the context of the Notes and their other transactions. If any payments are treated as dividend equivalents subject to withholding  we (or the applicable withholding agent) would be entitled to withhold taxes without being required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld..Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSUPPLEMENTAL PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)We expect that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment for the Notes on or about April 18  2022  which is the third (3rd) business day following the Trade Date (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+3”). See “Plan of Distribution” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021. For additional information as to the relationship between us and RBCCM  please see the section “Plan of Distribution—Conflicts of Interest” in the prospectus.We expect to deliver the Notes on a date that is greater than two business days following the Trade Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days  unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes more than two business days prior to the original issue date will be required to specify alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement.In the initial offering of the Notes  they will be offered to investors at a purchase price equal to par  except with respect to certain accounts as indicated on the cover page of this document.The value of the Notes shown on your account statement may be based on RBCCM’s estimate of the value of the Notes if RBCCM or another of our affiliates were to make a market in the Notes (which it is not obligated to do). That estimate will be based upon the price that RBCCM may pay for the Notes in light of then prevailing market conditions  our creditworthiness and transaction costs. For a period of approximately 6 months after the issue date of the Notes  the value of the Notes that may be shown on your account statement may be higher than RBCCM’s estimated value of the Notes at that time. This is because the estimated value of the Notes will not include the underwriting discount and our hedging costs and profits; however  the value of the Notes shown on your account statement during that period may initially be a higher amount  reflecting the addition of the underwriting discount and our estimated costs and profits from hedging the Notes. This excess is expected to decrease over time until the end of this period. After this period  if RBCCM repurchases your Notes  it expects to do so at prices that reflect their estimated value.We may use this terms supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  RBCCM or another of our affiliates may use this terms supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. Unless we or our agent informs the purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale  this terms supplement is being used in a market-making transaction.Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes Royal Bank of CanadaSTRUCTURING THE NOTESThe Notes are our debt securities  the return on which is linked to the performance of the Reference Stock. As is the case for all of our debt securities  including our structured notes  the economic terms of the Notes reflect our actual or perceived creditworthiness at the time of pricing. In addition  because structured notes result in increased operational  funding and liability management costs to us  we typically borrow the funds under these Notes at a rate that is more favorable to us than the rate that we might pay for a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security of comparable maturity. Using this relatively lower implied borrowing rate rather than the secondary market rate  is a factor that is likely to reduce the initial estimated value of the Notes at the time their terms are set. Unlike the estimated value that will be set forth on the cover page of the final pricing supplement  any value of the Notes determined for purposes of a secondary market transaction may be based on a different funding rate  which may result in a lower value for the Notes than if our initial internal funding rate were used.In order to satisfy our payment obligations under the Notes  we may choose to enter into certain hedging arrangements (which may include call options  put options or other derivatives) on the issue date with RBCCM or one of our other subsidiaries. The terms of these hedging arrangements take into account a number of factors  including our creditworthiness  interest rate movements  the volatility of the Reference Stock  and the tenor of the Notes. The economic terms of the Notes and their initial estimated value depend in part on the terms of these hedging arrangements.The lower implied borrowing rate is a factor that reduces the economic terms of the Notes to you. The initial offering price of the Notes also reflects the underwriting discount and our estimated hedging costs. These factors result in the initial estimated value for the Notes on the Trade Date being less than their public offering price. See “Selected Risk Considerations—The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Will Be Less than the Price to the Public” above.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['FWP ROYAL BANK', 'Form', 'CANADA', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'U.S. government agency', 'Reference Stock Annual Coupon Rate', 'Auto-Callable Fixed Coupon Barrier Notes', 'quarterly Call Observation Date', 'corresponding Call Observation Date', 'Canada Stock Exchange Listing', 'senior unsecured obligations', 'RBC Capital Markets', 'Selected Risk Considerations', 'Final Stock Price', 'MGM Resorts International', 'initial estimated value', 'final pricing supplement', 'Initial Stock Price', 'Note Issue Date', 'Physical Delivery Amount', 'fee-based advisory accounts', 'None Trade Date', 'product prospectus supplement', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'equal monthly payments', 'Reference Stock Issuer', 'The Valuation Date', 'public offering price', 'state securities commission', 'Principal Amount Price', 'Note s', 'Call Feature', 'initial value', 'interest rate', 'monthly coupon', 'Barrier Price', 'common stock', 'Exchange Commission', 'closing price', 'credit risk', 'cash value', 'actual value', 'many factors', 'Coupon Payment', 'Royal Bank', 'other Canadian', 'criminal offense', 'Monitoring Period', 'Underwriting Discounts', 'sole discretion', 'Supplemental Plan', 'terms supplement', 'unpaid interest', 'Maturity Date', 'other dealers', 'The Notes', 'selling concessions', 'common shares', 'documents', 'return', 'number', 'risks', 'page', 'PS', 'deposits', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'subsection', 'representation', 'contrary', 'April', 'October', 'investor', 'accrued', 'election', 'adjustment', 'CUSIP/ISIN', 'Commissions', 'Proceeds', 'sales', 'RBCCM', 'agent', 'portion', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'time', 'accuracy', 'determination', 'detail']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,streetinsider.com
2585,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@VXO150 @garyvee @686Prism its just the Euroclear MDMA pills I got from the Prism store m8 😤,nan,@VXO150 @garyvee @686Prism its just the Euroclear MDMA pills I got from the Prism store m8 😤,negative,0.08,0.33,0.58,negative,0.08,0.33,0.58,True,English,"['Euroclear MDMA pills', 'Prism store', 'VXO150', 'garyvee', '686Prism', 'Euroclear MDMA pills', 'Prism store', 'VXO150', 'garyvee', '686Prism']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,Unknown
2586,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New York City shuns Wells Fargo over discrimination claims #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/tOBO6YECZn #regtech,nan,New York City shuns Wells Fargo over discrimination claims #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/tOBO6YECZn #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,True,English,"['New York City', 'Wells Fargo', 'discrimination claims', 'Fintech', 'tOBO6YECZn', 'regtech', 'New York City', 'Wells Fargo', 'discrimination claims', 'Fintech', 'tOBO6YECZn', 'regtech']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,Unknown
2587,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fannie Mae chair Sheila Bair leads trio of departures from the GSE's board #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/w5YpCPxqem #regtech,nan,Fannie Mae chair Sheila Bair leads trio of departures from the GSE's board #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/w5YpCPxqem #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Fannie Mae chair', 'Sheila Bair', 'trio', 'departures', 'GSE', 'board', 'Fintech', 'w5YpCPxqem', 'regtech', 'Fannie Mae chair', 'Sheila Bair', 'trio', 'departures', 'GSE', 'board', 'Fintech', 'w5YpCPxqem', 'regtech']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,Unknown
2588,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fintechs create tech that lets banks offer tax prep help #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/9IhGst7JOX #regtech,nan,Fintechs create tech that lets banks offer tax prep help #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/9IhGst7JOX #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['tax prep', 'Fintechs', 'banks', '9IhGst7JOX', 'regtech', 'tax prep', 'Fintechs', 'banks', '9IhGst7JOX', 'regtech']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
2589,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.bloomingprairieonline.com/self-expanding-stents-market-size-scope-trends-and-forecast/,Leading Players – Abbott  Aesculap  Stryker  Andramed  Balton  Biotronik  Braile  Clearstream  Cordis  ELLA-CS – Bloomingprairieonline,13 hours ago,New Jersey  United States – This Self Expanding Stents Market report provides a comprehensive overview of important aspects that will drive market growth such as market drivers  restraints  prospects  opportunities  restraints  current trends  and technical and industrial advancements. The detailed study of the industry  industrial sector development and improvement  and new product launches outlined in this Self Expanding Stents Market report is an extraordinary help for the new key commercial market players to enter the market. This Self Expanding Stents Market report performs a careful assessment of the market and provides an expert analysis of the market considering the trajectory of the market considering the current situation of the market and future projections. This Self Expanding Stents Market report study further highlights the market driving factors  market overview  industry volume  and market share. Since this Self Expanding Stents Market report provides an effective market strategy  key players can reap huge profits by making the right investments in the market. As this Self Expanding Stents Market report depicts the ever-changing needs of consumers  sellers  and buyers across different regions  it becomes easy to target specific products and attain significant revenue in the global market.Get Full PDF Sample Copy of Report: (Including Full TOC  List of Tables & Figures  Chart) @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/download-sample/?rid=560642This Self Expanding Stents Market report sheds light on a few key sources that can be applied in the business for the best results and revenue. It also covers some essential ways to manage the global freedoms on the prowl survey and grow the business. With the help of this well-founded market research  key players can easily gain a visible place on the prowl. It also captures the global impact of COVID-19 on various industries and nations. This Exploration report gives a fair picture of future development drivers  restraints  fierce scene  section survey  and insightful market size of country and district surveys for the 2022-2029 definition period. This market report also provides information on industry patterns  slices of the pie  development openings  and difficulties. It additionally performs the market review to indicate the progression patterns  strategies  and procedures followed by the key participants.Key Players Mentioned in the Self Expanding Stents Market Research Report:Abbott  Aesculap  Stryker  Andramed  Balton  Biotronik  Braile  Clearstream  Cordis  ELLA-CS  Endo-Flex  Endocor  Eucatech  HEXACATH  InSitu  iVascular  Medinol  MicroVention  Pauldrach  Phenox  Rontis  StentysSelf Expanding Stents Market Segmentation:By the product type  the market is primarily split into:• Mental• PlasticBy the application  this report covers the following segments:• Peripheral Nervous System• Digestive System• Artery• Respiratory SystemThe strategic analysis performed in this Self Expanding Stents Market analysis includes aggregated information about the market environment  pricing structure  customer buying behavior  and micro and macro trends. Additionally  it aims to cover geographic analysis for major regions such as Asia Pacific  North America  Europe  Latin America  Middle East  and Africa. Some of the major players are mentioned in this Self Expanding Stents Market Report along with their strengths  weaknesses  and the strategies they are adopting. It further talks about main segments  market shares  market size  and secondary drivers. Extended data on current market developments and the overall market scenario are presented here.Get a Discount On The Purchase Of This Report @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/ask-for-discount/?rid=560642Self Expanding Stents Market Report ScopeATTRIBUTES DETAILS ESTIMATED YEAR 2022 BASE YEAR 2021 FORECAST YEAR 2029 HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 UNIT Value (USD Million/Billion) SEGMENTS COVERED Types  Applications  End-Users  and more. REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast  Company Ranking  Competitive Landscape  Growth Factors  and Trends BY REGION North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  Latin America  Middle East and Africa CUSTOMIZATION SCOPE Free report customization (equivalent up to 4 analysts working days) with purchase. Addition or alteration to country  regional & segment scope.Geographic Segment Covered in the Report:The Self Expanding Stents report provides information about the market area  which is further subdivided into sub-regions and countries/regions. In addition to the market share in each country and sub-region  this chapter of this report also contains information on profit opportunities. This chapter of the report mentions the market share and growth rate of each region  country  and sub-region during the estimated period.• North America (USA and Canada)• Europe (UK  Germany  France and the rest of Europe)• Asia Pacific (China  Japan  India  and the rest of the Asia Pacific region)• Latin America (Brazil  Mexico  and the rest of Latin America)• Middle East and Africa (GCC and rest of the Middle East and Africa)Key questions answered in the report:1. Which are the five top players in the Self Expanding Stents market?2. How will the Self Expanding Stents market change in the next five years?3. Which product and application will take a lion’s share of the Self Expanding Stents market?4. What are the drivers and restraints of the Self Expanding Stents market?5. Which regional market will show the highest growth?6. What will be the CAGR and size of the Self Expanding Stents market throughout the forecast period?For More Information or Query or Customization Before Buying  Visit @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/product/self-expanding-stents-market-size-and-forecast/Visualize Self Expanding Stents Market using Verified Market Intelligence:-Verified Market Intelligence is our BI-enabled platform for narrative storytelling of this market. VMI offers in-depth forecasted trends and accurate Insights on over 20 000+ emerging & niche markets  helping you make critical revenue-impacting decisions for a brilliant future.VMI provides a holistic overview and global competitive landscape with respect to Region  Country  and Segment  and Key players of your market. Present your Market Report & findings with an inbuilt presentation feature saving over 70% of your time and resources for Investor  Sales & Marketing  R&D  and Product Development pitches. VMI enables data delivery In Excel and Interactive PDF formats with over 15+ Key Market Indicators for your market.Visualize Self Expanding Stents Market using VMI @ https://www.verifiedmarketresearch.com/vmintelligence/Top Trending ReportsGlobal Conductive Rubber Market Size And ForecastGlobal Self Expanding Stents Market Size And ForecastGlobal Vaccine Vial Market Size And ForecastGlobal Rocuronium Bromide Market Size And ForecastGlobal 6-Aminopenicillanic Acid(6-APA) Market Size And ForecastGlobal C/C Composite Market Size And ForecastGlobal Potassium Tert-butoxide Market Size And ForecastGlobal Sulfadimethoxine(SDM) Market Size And ForecastGlobal Lacquer Thinner Market Size And ForecastGlobal Kieselguhr Market Size And ForecastAbout Us: Verified Market ReportsVerified Market Reports is a leading Global Research and Consulting firm servicing over 5000+ global clients. We provide advanced analytical research solutions while offering information-enriched research studies.We also offer insights into strategic and growth analyses and data necessary to achieve corporate goals and critical revenue decisions.Our 250 Analysts and SME’s offer a high level of expertise in data collection and governance using industrial techniques to collect and analyze data on more than 25 000 high-impact and niche markets. Our analysts are trained to combine modern data collection techniques  superior research methodology  expertise  and years of collective experience to produce informative and accurate research.Our research spans over a multitude of industries including Energy  Technology  Manufacturing and Construction  Chemicals and Materials  Food and Beverages etc. Having serviced many Fortune 2000 organizations  we bring a rich and reliable experience that covers all kinds of research needs.Contact us:Mr. Edwyne FernandesUS: +1 (650)-781-4080UK: +44 (753)-715-0008APAC: +61 (488)-85-9400US Toll-Free: +1 (800)-782-1768Email: sales@verifiedmarketreports.comWebsite: – https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.3,0.15,True,English,"['Leading Players', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Braile', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Bloomingprairieonline', 'Africa CUSTOMIZATION SCOPE Free report customization', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Report Scope', 'Self Expanding Stents Market report study', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Research Report', 'The Self Expanding Stents report', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Segmentation', 'Self Expanding Stents Market analysis', 'new key commercial market players', 'HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 UNIT Value', 'Full PDF Sample Copy', 'REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast', 'effective market strategy', 'customer buying behavior', 'overall market scenario', 'new product launches', 'market driving factors', 'insightful market size', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'current market developments', 'SEGMENTS COVERED Types', 'industrial sector development', '2022-2029 definition period', 'future development drivers', 'Asia Pacific region', 'REGION North America', 'segment scope', 'detailed study', 'Exploration report', 'FORECAST YEAR', 'New Jersey', 'key players', 'market growth', 'market overview', 'market share', 'global market', 'Full TOC', 'market review', 'market environment', 'market area', 'expert analysis', 'strategic analysis', 'geographic analysis', 'development openings', 'BASE YEAR 2021', 'major players', 'industrial advancements', 'future projections', 'key sources', 'key participants', 'product type', 'Growth Factors', 'current situation', 'significant revenue', 'following segments', 'Digestive System', 'Respiratory System', 'main segments', 'Latin America', 'United States', 'comprehensive overview', 'important aspects', 'current trends', 'careful assessment', 'huge profits', 'right investments', 'changing needs', 'different regions', 'specific products', 'best results', 'essential ways', 'global freedoms', 'visible place', 'global impact', 'various industries', 'fair picture', 'fierce scene', 'section survey', 'district surveys', 'progression patterns', 'pricing structure', 'major regions', 'Middle East', 'secondary drivers', 'Extended data', 'ATTRIBUTES DETAILS', 'Company Ranking', 'Competitive Landscape', 'Geographic Segment', 'growth rate', 'industry volume', 'industry patterns', 'macro trends', 'extraordinary help', 'prowl survey', 'profit opportunities', 'aggregated information', 'restraints', 'prospects', 'technical', 'improvement', 'trajectory', 'consumers', 'sellers', 'buyers', 'List', 'Tables', 'Figures', 'Chart', 'verifiedmarketreports', 'light', 'business', 'COVID', 'nations', 'country', 'slices', 'pie', 'difficulties', 'strategies', 'procedures', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Braile', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Endo-Flex', 'Endocor', 'Eucatech', 'HEXACATH', 'InSitu', 'iVascular', 'Medinol', 'MicroVention', 'Pauldrach', 'Phenox', 'Rontis', 'Stentys', 'Mental', 'Plastic', 'application', 'Artery', 'Europe', 'strengths', 'weaknesses', 'Discount', 'Purchase', 'USD', 'Billion', 'End-Users', '4 analysts', 'Addition', 'alteration', 'regional', 'sub-regions', 'countries/regions', 'chapter', 'USA', 'Canada', 'UK', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Japan', 'India', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'GCC']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,bloomingprairieonline.com
2590,Clearstream,Google API,https://elinformadorqr.com/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-research-report-explores-the-trade-trends-for-the-forecast-to-2031-endologix-inc-william-cook-europe-aps-bolton-medical/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Research Report Explores the Trade Trends for the Forecast to 2031,1 day ago,This Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report provides detailed market insights to help companies make better business decisions and drive growth plans based on prevalent market trends. The research is based on primary and secondary sources. This Peripheral Vascular Devices market report explores the new developments  trends  and forecasts the current status and future prospects of the market from 2021 to 2031. It dives deeply into the industry in terms of current and future situations. The research examines a variety of elements  such as technical breakthroughs  and various strategies employed by the current major players in the market.Request Free Sample Copy of Research Report @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791Competitive landscape:This Peripheral Vascular Devices research report throws light on the major market players thriving in the market; it tracks their business strategies  financial status and upcoming products.Some of the leading companies supporting this industry include Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Furthermore  the objective of this market report is to provide a related assessment of the major players along with the cost and benefits of the programmed market. It also uses charts to focus on industry standards to help businesses move forward smoothly. This market report includes explanation of the impact of COVID-19 on market growth. An important highlight of this Peripheral Vascular Devices market report is the quantitative data in the form of tables and graphs. This well-planned market analysis provides all readers with a detailed understanding of market conditions and the industry environment.This Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report also assesses the organization’s economic landscapes to better understand market dynamics at global and regional levels. The prominent trading techniques are provided in this report that help to understand the market better. The latest advancements  growth factors  and competitive analysis are all covered in this Peripheral Vascular Devices market report. He highlighted some of the most effective marketing strategies to drive economic development and help big players reap significant benefits.The market research analysis further talks about the forces of the industry that shape the market. Important drivers and end-user expectations are also discussed in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market report to gain solutions. The primary purpose of the report is to identify opportunities for near and long-term future. It also explains what business models are being used  what the current level of success is  what is the market share and size  and what is the current level of competition in the market. It also sheds light on the functional areas of the company. With the business tactics provided here  it is possible to experience accelerated growth of your business. It also provides a clear picture of how different business sectors are experiencing the negative impact of COVID-19.Determining the pulse of the market becomes easy through detailed Peripheral Vascular Devices market analysis. Key players can find all competitive data and market size of major regions such as North America  Europe  South America  Asia-Pacific and Middle East. As part of the competitive analysis  certain strategies are discussed that are pursued by key players such as mergers  collaborations  acquisitions  and new product launches. These strategies will greatly help industry players to strengthen their market position and grow their business.We offer bespoke research services as per your requirements of business nature with a special discount price. Please let us know if you have any custom requirements. For More Information or Query or Customization Before Buying  Visit @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-customization/791Table of Contents• Market Overview• Global Market Competition by Manufacturers• Global Production  Revenue (Value) by Region• Global Supply (Production)  Consumption  Export  Import by Regions• Global Production  Revenue (Value)  Price Trend by Type• Global Market Analysis by Application• Marketing Strategy Analysis  Distributors/TradersImportant Questions Being Answered by The Market ReportWhat is the market size and growth?What is the market share of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market?What factors are expected to drive Peripheral Vascular Devices market growth?Which are the leading players?* Get 10% Discount on your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.66,0.09,0.25,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Research Report', 'Trade Trends', 'Forecast', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'detailed Peripheral Vascular Devices market analysis', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices research report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices market growth', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'detailed market insights', 'The Market Report', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'prominent trading techniques', 'Marketing Strategy Analysis', 'new product launches', 'bespoke research services', 'long-term strategic goals', 'high-quality research services', 'Global Market Analysis', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'market research analysis', 'Free Sample Copy', 'different business sectors', 'effective marketing strategies', 'prevalent market trends', 'major market players', 'special discount price', 'Global Market Competition', 'current major players', 'detailed understanding', 'Jotec GmbH', 'competitive analysis', 'market conditions', 'market dynamics', 'market share', 'market position', 'Market Overview', 'Global Supply', 'new developments', 'long-term future', 'Price Trend', 'research analysts', 'market size', 'Global Production', 'growth plans', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'accelerated growth', 'big players', 'Key players', 'leading players', 'secondary sources', 'current status', 'future prospects', 'future situations', 'technical breakthroughs', 'Competitive landscape', 'financial status', 'upcoming products', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'related assessment', 'important highlight', 'quantitative data', 'economic landscapes', 'regional levels', 'latest advancements', 'economic development', 'Important drivers', 'end-user expectations', 'current level', 'functional areas', 'clear picture', 'competitive data', 'major regions', 'North America', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'More Information', 'Important Questions', 'Direct Purchase', 'management consultants', 'common vision', 'business decisions', 'business models', 'business tactics', 'business nature', 'growth factors', 'various strategies', 'industry players', 'business strategies', 'leading companies', 'industry standards', 'industry environment', 'significant benefits', 'primary purpose', 'negative impact', 'custom requirements', '10% Discount', 'terms', 'variety', 'elements', 'insightslice', 'request', 'Bosto', 'others', 'objective', 'cost', 'charts', 'businesses', 'explanation', 'COVID', 'tables', 'graphs', 'readers', 'organization', 'forces', 'solutions', 'opportunities', 'near', 'success', 'company', 'pulse', 'Asia-Pacific', 'part', 'mergers', 'collaborations', 'acquisitions', 'Query', 'Customization', 'Buying', 'Contents', 'Manufacturers', 'Revenue', 'Value', 'Consumption', 'Export', 'Type', 'Application', 'Distributors/Traders', 'Complete', 'team', 'individuals', 'short-term']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,elinformadorqr.com
2591,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-outperforms-market-on-strong-trading-day-01649452142-a450f616a181,Nasdaq Inc. stock outperforms market on strong trading day,23 hours ago,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  +0.23% inched 0.23% higher to $183.42 Friday  on what proved to be an all-around mixed trading session for the stock market  with the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  +0.40% rising 0.40% to 34 721.12 and the S&P 500 Index SPX  -0.27% falling 0.27% to 4 488.28. Nasdaq Inc. closed $31.54 below its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company achieved on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Friday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  +0.58% rose 0.58% to $45.26  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  -0.74% fell 0.74% to $242.50  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  +0.80% rose 0.80% to $18.20. Trading volume (576 494) remained 287 447 below its 50-day average volume of 863 941.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,neutral,0.28,0.61,0.12,negative,0.02,0.22,0.75,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'strong trading day', 'market', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', 'around mixed trading session', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'automation technology provider', 'market data terms', 'ADR HKXCY', 'Trading volume', 'mixed performance', 'stock market', '52-week high', 'November 5th', 'Clearing Ltd', 'Automated Insights', 'Shares', 'company', 'competitors', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,marketwatch.com
2592,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://boerse-social.com/2022/04/09/tnt_express_und_postnl_vs_fedex_corp_und_united_parcel_service_kommentierter_kw_14_peer_group_watch_post,TNT Express und PostNL vs. FedEx Corp und United Parcel Service – kommentierter KW 14 Peer Group Watch Post,In der Wochensicht ist vorne: TNT Express 1 59% vor PostNL 1 41%  Nippon Express 0%  Österreichische Post -0 92%  Deutsche Post -4 65%  United Parcel Service -7 58% und FedEx Corp -8 92%. In der Monat,Suche3D Systems 3M Aareal Bank Acuity Brands Addiko Bank adidas Adler Real Estate Advanced Micro Devices  Inc. ADVA Optical Networking Agrana Ahlers Airbnb Airbus Group Aixtron Alcoa Alibaba Group Holding Allianz Alphabet Alphabet-A Altaba Amag Amazon Ambarella American Express Amgen AMS Andritz Apache Corp. Apple Athos Immobilien Atrium AT&S AT&T Aumann Aurelius Aurora Cannabis Aurubis AXA Axel Springer Baader Bank Baidu Balda Ballard Power Systems Banco Santander Barrick Gold BASF Baumot Group Bawag Baxter International Bayer BayWa BB Biotech Bechtle Beghelli Berkshire Hathaway Bertelsmann bet-at-home.com Beyond Meat Bilfinger Biofrontera Biogen Idec BioNTech Bitrush BKS Bank Stamm BMW BNP Paribas Boeing Borussia Dortmund BP Plc BT Group BTV AG CA Immo Callaway Golf Canadian Solar Cancom Cargotec Carl Zeiss Meditec Caterpillar Celesio Century Chevron Chorus Clean energy Cisco Cleen Energy Coca-Cola Coinbase Global Commerzbank Consus Real Estate Continental Covestro Credit Suisse Cree CTS Eventim Daimler Delivery Hero Dentsply Sirona Deutsche Bank Deutsche Boerse z.Umt. Deutsche Pfandbriefbank Deutsche Post Deutsche Postbank Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Wohnen Dialight DMG Mori Seiki DO&CO DowDuPont Inc. Dow Inc. Drägerwerk Drillisch Dropbox Duerr DuPont DWS Group EHang ElringKlinger E.ON Epigenomics Erste Group European Lithium EVN Evonik Evotec Exxon Fabasoft FACC Facebook FedEx Corp Fielmann First Solar Fitbit Flughafen Wien Ford Motor Co. Francotyp-Postalia Fraport Frauenthal freenet Frequentis Fresenius Fresenius Medical Care Fuchs Petrolub GameStop Gazprom GEA Group Geely General Electric Generali Assicuraz. General Motors Company GFT Technologies Gilead Sciences GlaxoSmithKline Glencore Goldcorp Inc. Goldman Sachs GoPro Grammer Gurktaler AG Stamm GVC Holdings Hannover Rück Hanwha Q Cells Heid AG HeidelbergCement Heidelberger Druckmaschinen Hella Hueck & Co HelloFresh Henkel Hochtief Home24 Home Depot Honda Motor Honeywell Intern. HSBC Holdings Hugo Boss Hypoport Ibiden Co.Ltd IBM Ibu-Tec Immofinanz Infineon Innogy Intel jd.com Jenoptik JinkoSolar Johnson & Johnson Josef Manner & Comp. AG JP Morgan Chase Kapsch TrafficCom Klöckner Klondike Gold Knaus Tabbert Kostad K+S KUKA Lanxess LEG Immobilien Lenzing Leoni LinkedIn Linz Textil Holding Lion E-Mobility Lockheed Martin LPKF Laser Lufthansa Lukoil Lyft Manchester United Manz Marinomed Biotech Massimo Zanetti Beverage Mayr-Melnhof McDonalds Medigene Merck Co. Merck KGaA Metro METRO AG Stamm Microsoft Mologen MorphoSys MTU Aero Engines Münchener Rück Nemetschek Nestlé NetEase Netflix NET New Energy Technologies Nike Nikola Nintendo Nippon Express Noble Corp plc Nokia Noratis Nordex Novartis Novo Nordisk Nvidia O2 Oberbank AG Stamm OMV Orange Osram Licht Österreichische Post Paion Palantir Palfinger Pantaflix paragon Patrizia Immobilien PayPal Petro Welt Technologies Pfeiffer Vacuum Pfizer Philips Lighting Pierer Mobility Pinterest PNE Wind Polytec Group Porr Porsche Automobil Holding PostNL Procter & Gamble publity Puma q.beyond Qualcomm Incorporated Rath AG Raytheon Technologies RBI Rheinmetall RHI Magnesita Rhoen-Klinikum RIB Software Rio Tinto Roche GS Roche Holding Rocket Internet Rosenbauer Royal Dutch Shell RTL Group RWE Ryanair Saint Gobain salesforce.com Salzgitter Samsung Electronics Sanofi SAP Sartorius Sberbank SBO Schaeffler Scout24 Semperit Semtech Corporation SFC Energy Shinko Electric Industries Siemens Siemens Healthineers S Immo Sixt Sky SLM Solutions SMA Solar Snapchat Snowflake Societe Generale SolarCity SolarEdge Sportradar Group S&T Stadlauer Malzfabrik AG Starbucks startup300 Steinhoff Strabag Stratasys Stratec Biomedical Ströer Südzucker Suess Microtec Swisscom Swiss Re SW Umwelttechnik Symrise Talanx Teamviewer Technogym Tele Columbus Telecom Italia Telefonica Telekom Austria Terex Tesla Thorpe ThyssenKrupp Time Warner TLG Immobilien Tomorrow Focus Toyota Motor Corp. Transocean Travelers Companies Trina Solar TTM Technologies  Inc. TUI AG Twitter Uber UBM UBS UIAG Under Armour Uniper Uniqa UnitedHealth United Internet United Parcel Service United Technologies Valeant Valneva Vapiano Varta AG Vectron Verbio Verbund Verizon Vestas VIG Vipshop VISA Vivendi Vodafone voestalpine Volkswagen Volkswagen Vz. Vonovia SE Voquz Labs Vossloh voxeljet VST Building Technologies Wacker Chemie Wacker Neuson Walgreens Boots Alliance Wal-Mart Walt Disney Warimpex WCM Beteiligungs- und Grundbesitz-AG Wells Fargo Wienerberger Wiener Privatbank William Hill Williams Grand Prix Wirecard Wolford Wolftank-Adisa World Wrestling Entertainment Xing YY Inc. Zalando Zumtobel Zurich Insurance,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['KW 14 Peer Group Watch Post', 'United Parcel Service', 'TNT Express', 'FedEx Corp', 'PostNL', 'kommentierter', 'Samsung Electronics Sanofi SAP Sartorius Sberbank SBO Schaeffler Scout24 Semperit Semtech Corporation SFC Energy Shinko Electric Industries Siemens Siemens Healthineers S Immo Sixt Sky SLM Solutions SMA Solar Snapchat Snowflake Societe Generale SolarCity SolarEdge Sportradar Group S&T Stadlauer Malzfabrik AG Starbucks startup300 Steinhoff Strabag Stratasys Stratec Biomedical Ströer Südzucker Suess Microtec Swisscom Swiss Re SW Umwelttechnik Symrise Talanx Teamviewer Technogym Tele Columbus Telecom Italia Telefonica Telekom Austria Terex Tesla Thorpe ThyssenKrupp Time Warner TLG Immobilien Tomorrow Focus Toyota Motor Corp.', 'Merck KGaA Metro METRO AG Stamm Microsoft Mologen MorphoSys MTU Aero Engines Münchener Rück Nemetschek Nestlé NetEase Netflix NET New Energy Technologies Nike Nikola Nintendo Nippon Express Noble Corp plc Nokia Noratis Nordex Novartis Novo Nordisk Nvidia O2 Oberbank AG Stamm OMV Orange Osram Licht Österreichische Post Paion Palantir Palfinger Pantaflix paragon', 'Meat Bilfinger Biofrontera Biogen Idec BioNTech Bitrush BKS Bank Stamm BMW BNP Paribas Boeing Borussia Dortmund BP Plc BT Group BTV AG CA Immo Callaway Golf Canadian Solar Cancom Cargotec Carl Zeiss Meditec Caterpillar Celesio Century Chevron Chorus Clean energy Cisco Cleen Energy Coca-Cola Coinbase Global Commerzbank Consus', 'AT&S AT&T Aumann Aurelius Aurora Cannabis Aurubis AXA Axel Springer Baader Bank Baidu Balda Ballard Power Systems Banco Santander Barrick Gold BASF Baumot Group Bawag Baxter International Bayer BayWa BB Biotech Bechtle Beghelli Berkshire Hathaway Bertelsmann', 'JP Morgan Chase Kapsch TrafficCom Klöckner Klondike Gold Knaus Tabbert Kostad K+S KUKA Lanxess LEG Immobilien Lenzing Leoni LinkedIn Linz Textil Holding Lion E-Mobility Lockheed Martin LPKF Laser Lufthansa Lukoil Lyft Manchester United Manz Marinomed Biotech', 'Drägerwerk Drillisch Dropbox Duerr DuPont DWS Group EHang ElringKlinger E.ON Epigenomics Erste Group European Lithium EVN Evonik Evotec Exxon Fabasoft FACC Facebook FedEx Corp Fielmann First Solar Fitbit Flughafen Wien Ford Motor Co', 'Armour Uniper Uniqa UnitedHealth United Internet United Parcel Service United Technologies Valeant Valneva Vapiano Varta AG Vectron Verbio Verbund Verizon Vestas VIG Vipshop VISA Vivendi Vodafone voestalpine Volkswagen Volkswagen Vz.', 'ADVA Optical Networking Agrana Ahlers Airbnb Airbus Group Aixtron Alcoa Alibaba Group Holding Allianz Alphabet Alphabet-A Altaba Amag Amazon Ambarella American Express Amgen AMS Andritz Apache Corp.', 'Patrizia Immobilien PayPal Petro Welt Technologies Pfeiffer Vacuum Pfizer Philips Lighting Pierer Mobility Pinterest PNE Wind Polytec Group Porr Porsche Automobil Holding PostNL Procter', 'Goldman Sachs GoPro Grammer Gurktaler AG Stamm GVC Holdings Hannover Rück Hanwha Q Cells Heid AG HeidelbergCement Heidelberger Druckmaschinen Hella Hueck', 'Rath AG Raytheon Technologies RBI Rheinmetall RHI Magnesita Rhoen-Klinikum RIB Software Rio Tinto Roche GS Roche Holding Rocket Internet Rosenbauer', 'Deutsche Pfandbriefbank Deutsche Post Deutsche Postbank Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Wohnen Dialight DMG Mori Seiki DO&CO DowDuPont Inc. Dow Inc.', 'Grundbesitz-AG Wells Fargo Wienerberger Wiener Privatbank William Hill Williams Grand Prix Wirecard Wolford Wolftank-Adisa World Wrestling Entertainment Xing YY Inc.', 'Real Estate Continental Covestro Credit Suisse Cree CTS Eventim Daimler Delivery Hero Dentsply Sirona Deutsche Bank', 'Frequentis Fresenius Fresenius Medical Care Fuchs Petrolub GameStop Gazprom GEA Group', 'Royal Dutch Shell RTL Group RWE Ryanair Saint Gobain', 'Addiko Bank adidas Adler Real Estate Advanced Micro Devices', 'Transocean Travelers Companies Trina Solar TTM Technologies', 'HelloFresh Henkel Hochtief Home24 Home Depot Honda Motor', 'Massimo Zanetti Beverage Mayr-Melnhof McDonalds Medigene Merck Co.', 'GFT Technologies Gilead Sciences GlaxoSmithKline Glencore Goldcorp Inc.', 'Ibiden Co.Ltd IBM Ibu-Tec Immofinanz Infineon Innogy Intel', 'TUI AG Twitter Uber UBM UBS UIAG', 'General Electric Generali Assicuraz', 'Apple Athos Immobilien Atrium', '3M Aareal Bank Acuity Brands', 'HSBC Holdings Hugo Boss Hypoport', '3D Systems', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Francotyp-Postalia Fraport Frauenthal freenet', 'Zalando Zumtobel Zurich Insurance', 'General Motors Company', 'Jenoptik JinkoSolar Johnson', 'Johnson Josef Manner', 'Gamble publity Puma', 'Honeywell Intern', 'Qualcomm Incorporated', 'Suche', 'Comp.', 'Salzgitter']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,boerse-social.com
2593,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://boerse-social.com/2022/04/09/o2_und_bt_group_vs_telecom_italia_und_telekom_austria_kommentierter_kw_14_peer_group_watch_telekom,O2 und BT Group vs. Telecom Italia und Telekom Austria – kommentierter KW 14 Peer Group Watch Telekom,In der Wochensicht ist vorne: O2 6 76% vor BT Group 5 5%  Swisscom 3 94%  Drillisch 3 45%  Vodafone 2 51%  Orange 2 39%  AT&T 0 67%  Alcatel-Lucent 0%  Tele Columbus 0%  Deutsche Telekom -0 66%  Telek,Suche3D Systems 3M Aareal Bank Acuity Brands Addiko Bank adidas Adler Real Estate Advanced Micro Devices  Inc. ADVA Optical Networking Agrana Ahlers Airbnb Airbus Group Aixtron Alcoa Alibaba Group Holding Allianz Alphabet Alphabet-A Altaba Amag Amazon Ambarella American Express Amgen AMS Andritz Apache Corp. Apple Athos Immobilien Atrium AT&S AT&T Aumann Aurelius Aurora Cannabis Aurubis AXA Axel Springer Baader Bank Baidu Balda Ballard Power Systems Banco Santander Barrick Gold BASF Baumot Group Bawag Baxter International Bayer BayWa BB Biotech Bechtle Beghelli Berkshire Hathaway Bertelsmann bet-at-home.com Beyond Meat Bilfinger Biofrontera Biogen Idec BioNTech Bitrush BKS Bank Stamm BMW BNP Paribas Boeing Borussia Dortmund BP Plc BT Group BTV AG CA Immo Callaway Golf Canadian Solar Cancom Cargotec Carl Zeiss Meditec Caterpillar Celesio Century Chevron Chorus Clean energy Cisco Cleen Energy Coca-Cola Coinbase Global Commerzbank Consus Real Estate Continental Covestro Credit Suisse Cree CTS Eventim Daimler Delivery Hero Dentsply Sirona Deutsche Bank Deutsche Boerse z.Umt. Deutsche Pfandbriefbank Deutsche Post Deutsche Postbank Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Wohnen Dialight DMG Mori Seiki DO&CO DowDuPont Inc. Dow Inc. Drägerwerk Drillisch Dropbox Duerr DuPont DWS Group EHang ElringKlinger E.ON Epigenomics Erste Group European Lithium EVN Evonik Evotec Exxon Fabasoft FACC Facebook FedEx Corp Fielmann First Solar Fitbit Flughafen Wien Ford Motor Co. Francotyp-Postalia Fraport Frauenthal freenet Frequentis Fresenius Fresenius Medical Care Fuchs Petrolub GameStop Gazprom GEA Group Geely General Electric Generali Assicuraz. General Motors Company GFT Technologies Gilead Sciences GlaxoSmithKline Glencore Goldcorp Inc. Goldman Sachs GoPro Grammer Gurktaler AG Stamm GVC Holdings Hannover Rück Hanwha Q Cells Heid AG HeidelbergCement Heidelberger Druckmaschinen Hella Hueck & Co HelloFresh Henkel Hochtief Home24 Home Depot Honda Motor Honeywell Intern. HSBC Holdings Hugo Boss Hypoport Ibiden Co.Ltd IBM Ibu-Tec Immofinanz Infineon Innogy Intel jd.com Jenoptik JinkoSolar Johnson & Johnson Josef Manner & Comp. AG JP Morgan Chase Kapsch TrafficCom Klöckner Klondike Gold Knaus Tabbert Kostad K+S KUKA Lanxess LEG Immobilien Lenzing Leoni LinkedIn Linz Textil Holding Lion E-Mobility Lockheed Martin LPKF Laser Lufthansa Lukoil Lyft Manchester United Manz Marinomed Biotech Massimo Zanetti Beverage Mayr-Melnhof McDonalds Medigene Merck Co. Merck KGaA Metro METRO AG Stamm Microsoft Mologen MorphoSys MTU Aero Engines Münchener Rück Nemetschek Nestlé NetEase Netflix NET New Energy Technologies Nike Nikola Nintendo Nippon Express Noble Corp plc Nokia Noratis Nordex Novartis Novo Nordisk Nvidia O2 Oberbank AG Stamm OMV Orange Osram Licht Österreichische Post Paion Palantir Palfinger Pantaflix paragon Patrizia Immobilien PayPal Petro Welt Technologies Pfeiffer Vacuum Pfizer Philips Lighting Pierer Mobility Pinterest PNE Wind Polytec Group Porr Porsche Automobil Holding PostNL Procter & Gamble publity Puma q.beyond Qualcomm Incorporated Rath AG Raytheon Technologies RBI Rheinmetall RHI Magnesita Rhoen-Klinikum RIB Software Rio Tinto Roche GS Roche Holding Rocket Internet Rosenbauer Royal Dutch Shell RTL Group RWE Ryanair Saint Gobain salesforce.com Salzgitter Samsung Electronics Sanofi SAP Sartorius Sberbank SBO Schaeffler Scout24 Semperit Semtech Corporation SFC Energy Shinko Electric Industries Siemens Siemens Healthineers S Immo Sixt Sky SLM Solutions SMA Solar Snapchat Snowflake Societe Generale SolarCity SolarEdge Sportradar Group S&T Stadlauer Malzfabrik AG Starbucks startup300 Steinhoff Strabag Stratasys Stratec Biomedical Ströer Südzucker Suess Microtec Swisscom Swiss Re SW Umwelttechnik Symrise Talanx Teamviewer Technogym Tele Columbus Telecom Italia Telefonica Telekom Austria Terex Tesla Thorpe ThyssenKrupp Time Warner TLG Immobilien Tomorrow Focus Toyota Motor Corp. Transocean Travelers Companies Trina Solar TTM Technologies  Inc. TUI AG Twitter Uber UBM UBS UIAG Under Armour Uniper Uniqa UnitedHealth United Internet United Parcel Service United Technologies Valeant Valneva Vapiano Varta AG Vectron Verbio Verbund Verizon Vestas VIG Vipshop VISA Vivendi Vodafone voestalpine Volkswagen Volkswagen Vz. Vonovia SE Voquz Labs Vossloh voxeljet VST Building Technologies Wacker Chemie Wacker Neuson Walgreens Boots Alliance Wal-Mart Walt Disney Warimpex WCM Beteiligungs- und Grundbesitz-AG Wells Fargo Wienerberger Wiener Privatbank William Hill Williams Grand Prix Wirecard Wolford Wolftank-Adisa World Wrestling Entertainment Xing YY Inc. Zalando Zumtobel Zurich Insurance,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['KW 14 Peer Group Watch Telekom', 'BT Group', 'Telekom Austria', 'Telecom Italia', 'O2', 'kommentierter', 'Samsung Electronics Sanofi SAP Sartorius Sberbank SBO Schaeffler Scout24 Semperit Semtech Corporation SFC Energy Shinko Electric Industries Siemens Siemens Healthineers S Immo Sixt Sky SLM Solutions SMA Solar Snapchat Snowflake Societe Generale SolarCity SolarEdge Sportradar Group S&T Stadlauer Malzfabrik AG Starbucks startup300 Steinhoff Strabag Stratasys Stratec Biomedical Ströer Südzucker Suess Microtec Swisscom Swiss Re SW Umwelttechnik Symrise Talanx Teamviewer Technogym Tele Columbus Telecom Italia Telefonica Telekom Austria Terex Tesla Thorpe ThyssenKrupp Time Warner TLG Immobilien Tomorrow Focus Toyota Motor Corp.', 'Merck KGaA Metro METRO AG Stamm Microsoft Mologen MorphoSys MTU Aero Engines Münchener Rück Nemetschek Nestlé NetEase Netflix NET New Energy Technologies Nike Nikola Nintendo Nippon Express Noble Corp plc Nokia Noratis Nordex Novartis Novo Nordisk Nvidia O2 Oberbank AG Stamm OMV Orange Osram Licht Österreichische Post Paion Palantir Palfinger Pantaflix paragon', 'Meat Bilfinger Biofrontera Biogen Idec BioNTech Bitrush BKS Bank Stamm BMW BNP Paribas Boeing Borussia Dortmund BP Plc BT Group BTV AG CA Immo Callaway Golf Canadian Solar Cancom Cargotec Carl Zeiss Meditec Caterpillar Celesio Century Chevron Chorus Clean energy Cisco Cleen Energy Coca-Cola Coinbase Global Commerzbank Consus', 'AT&S AT&T Aumann Aurelius Aurora Cannabis Aurubis AXA Axel Springer Baader Bank Baidu Balda Ballard Power Systems Banco Santander Barrick Gold BASF Baumot Group Bawag Baxter International Bayer BayWa BB Biotech Bechtle Beghelli Berkshire Hathaway Bertelsmann', 'JP Morgan Chase Kapsch TrafficCom Klöckner Klondike Gold Knaus Tabbert Kostad K+S KUKA Lanxess LEG Immobilien Lenzing Leoni LinkedIn Linz Textil Holding Lion E-Mobility Lockheed Martin LPKF Laser Lufthansa Lukoil Lyft Manchester United Manz Marinomed Biotech', 'Drägerwerk Drillisch Dropbox Duerr DuPont DWS Group EHang ElringKlinger E.ON Epigenomics Erste Group European Lithium EVN Evonik Evotec Exxon Fabasoft FACC Facebook FedEx Corp Fielmann First Solar Fitbit Flughafen Wien Ford Motor Co', 'Armour Uniper Uniqa UnitedHealth United Internet United Parcel Service United Technologies Valeant Valneva Vapiano Varta AG Vectron Verbio Verbund Verizon Vestas VIG Vipshop VISA Vivendi Vodafone voestalpine Volkswagen Volkswagen Vz.', 'ADVA Optical Networking Agrana Ahlers Airbnb Airbus Group Aixtron Alcoa Alibaba Group Holding Allianz Alphabet Alphabet-A Altaba Amag Amazon Ambarella American Express Amgen AMS Andritz Apache Corp.', 'Patrizia Immobilien PayPal Petro Welt Technologies Pfeiffer Vacuum Pfizer Philips Lighting Pierer Mobility Pinterest PNE Wind Polytec Group Porr Porsche Automobil Holding PostNL Procter', 'Goldman Sachs GoPro Grammer Gurktaler AG Stamm GVC Holdings Hannover Rück Hanwha Q Cells Heid AG HeidelbergCement Heidelberger Druckmaschinen Hella Hueck', 'Rath AG Raytheon Technologies RBI Rheinmetall RHI Magnesita Rhoen-Klinikum RIB Software Rio Tinto Roche GS Roche Holding Rocket Internet Rosenbauer', 'Deutsche Pfandbriefbank Deutsche Post Deutsche Postbank Deutsche Telekom Deutsche Wohnen Dialight DMG Mori Seiki DO&CO DowDuPont Inc. Dow Inc.', 'Grundbesitz-AG Wells Fargo Wienerberger Wiener Privatbank William Hill Williams Grand Prix Wirecard Wolford Wolftank-Adisa World Wrestling Entertainment Xing YY Inc.', 'Real Estate Continental Covestro Credit Suisse Cree CTS Eventim Daimler Delivery Hero Dentsply Sirona Deutsche Bank', 'Frequentis Fresenius Fresenius Medical Care Fuchs Petrolub GameStop Gazprom GEA Group', 'Royal Dutch Shell RTL Group RWE Ryanair Saint Gobain', 'Addiko Bank adidas Adler Real Estate Advanced Micro Devices', 'Transocean Travelers Companies Trina Solar TTM Technologies', 'HelloFresh Henkel Hochtief Home24 Home Depot Honda Motor', 'Massimo Zanetti Beverage Mayr-Melnhof McDonalds Medigene Merck Co.', 'GFT Technologies Gilead Sciences GlaxoSmithKline Glencore Goldcorp Inc.', 'Ibiden Co.Ltd IBM Ibu-Tec Immofinanz Infineon Innogy Intel', 'TUI AG Twitter Uber UBM UBS UIAG', 'General Electric Generali Assicuraz', 'Apple Athos Immobilien Atrium', '3M Aareal Bank Acuity Brands', 'HSBC Holdings Hugo Boss Hypoport', '3D Systems', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Francotyp-Postalia Fraport Frauenthal freenet', 'Zalando Zumtobel Zurich Insurance', 'General Motors Company', 'Jenoptik JinkoSolar Johnson', 'Johnson Josef Manner', 'Gamble publity Puma', 'Honeywell Intern', 'Qualcomm Incorporated', 'Suche', 'Comp.', 'Salzgitter']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,boerse-social.com
2594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220407005717/en/Innate-Pharma-to-Hold-Its-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-on-May-20-2022,Innate Pharma to Hold Its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 20  2022,MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Innate Pharma to hold its Annual General Meeting of shareholders on May 20  2022,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) will hold its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (“AGM”) at 10:30 a.m. CEST on May 20  2022 in its headquarters  117 avenue de Luminy  F-13009 Marseille. The Annual General Meeting will be broadcasted live.The Notice of Meeting of this AGM was published on April 8  2022 in the French legal bulletin. It includes the agenda  the proposed resolutions as well as instructions to participate and vote in this AGM.All documentation regarding this AGM will be published on the Company’s website along with the dial-in details for the live broadcast.Precision regarding the AGM:Only shareholders having registered their shares at least two business days prior to the date of the AGM  by zero hour Paris time  will be able to participate.Shareholders holding “au porteur” (bearer) shares will need to obtain an “attestation de participation” (certificate of shareholding) from their brokers. This “attestation de participation” must be attached to the voting or proxy form.Written questions from shareholders must be received the second business days prior to the AGM at the latest (by e-mail to investors@innate-pharma.fr).Shareholders may obtain the legal documentation in preparation of the AGM (as described in article R. 225-83 of the French Code de Commerce) by sending a request by e-mail to investors@innate-pharma.fr.About Innate Pharma:Innate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company dedicated to improving treatment and clinical outcomes for patients through therapeutic antibodies that harness the immune system to fight cancer.Innate Pharma’s broad pipeline of antibodies includes several potentially first-in-class clinical and preclinical candidates in cancers with high unmet medical need.Innate is a pioneer in the understanding of natural killer cell biology and has expanded its expertise in the tumor microenvironment and tumor-antigens  as well as antibody engineering. This innovative approach has resulted in a diversified proprietary portfolio and major alliances with leaders in the biopharmaceutical industry including Bristol-Myers Squibb  Novo Nordisk A/S  Sanofi  and a multi-products collaboration with AstraZeneca.Headquartered in Marseille  France  with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.comInformation about Innate Pharma shares:ISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factors:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts  the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development and the overall impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the global healthcare system as well as the Company’s business  financial condition and results of operations. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,negative,0.03,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innate Pharma', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'global, clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company', 'high unmet medical need', 'natural killer cell biology', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Code de Commerce', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'U.S. Securities', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'global healthcare system', 'attestation de participation', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'French legal bulletin', 'diversified proprietary portfolio', 'Novo Nordisk A/S', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'Annual Report', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'financial condition', 'immune system', 'Regulatory News', 'live broadcast', 'zero hour', 'Paris time', 'au porteur', 'Written questions', 'legal documentation', 'clinical outcomes', 'broad pipeline', 'class clinical', 'preclinical candidates', 'tumor microenvironment', 'antibody engineering', 'innovative approach', 'major alliances', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Bristol-Myers Squibb', 'multi-products collaboration', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'overall impact', 'COVID-19 outbreak', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'bearer) shares', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'second business', 'proxy form', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'actual results', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', '10:30 a', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'Shareholders', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'May', 'headquarters', '117 avenue', 'Luminy', 'Notice', 'April', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'instructions', 'details', 'Precision', 'certificate', 'shareholding', 'brokers', 'voting', 'mail', 'investors', 'innate-pharma', 'preparation', 'article', 'request', 'treatment', 'patients', 'cancer', 'several', 'pioneer', 'understanding', 'expertise', 'tumor-antigens', 'leaders', 'Sanofi', 'AstraZeneca', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'research', 'development', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'operations', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,businesswire.com
2595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/akropolis-group-increased-revenue-ebitda-165000750.html,Akropolis Group increased its revenue  EBITDA and portfolio value last year,Akropolis Group  leader in the development and management of shopping and entertainment centres in the Baltic States  based on its audited consolidated...,AKROPOLIS GROUP UABAkropolis Group  leader in the development and management of shopping and entertainment centres in the Baltic States  based on its audited consolidated financial results  has received revenue of EUR 81 million and earned profit of EUR 57.2 million EBITDA (Earnings before tax  interest  depreciation and amortisation) last year  which is  respectively  5% and 6% more than in 2020.The group announced its last year’s audited results and revealed that it saw a positive change in all key financial indicators in 2021. After the acquisition of the shopping centre Alfa in Riga last November  the fair value of Akropolis Group portfolio grew by 28% to EUR 1.023 billion in 2021. This year  shopping centre Alfa was fully integrated into the structure of Akropolis Group  changing its name into Akropole Alfa.“For the most part of the first half of the last year  very strict pandemic restrictions were applied for shopping centres – only stores selling basic necessities and points of services were operating in all Akropolis  which resulted in lower visitor footfall. The second half of the year was far better – as the restrictions were being eased-up  we achieved a clear recovery of visitor footfall and tenants’ turnovers. In some months of the second half  even record turnovers of tenants were reached ” says Manfredas Dargužis  CEO of Akropolis Group.The last year turnover of Akropolis tenants (including the results of the shopping centre Akropole Alfa from December 2021) grew by 7% to EUR 667 million  however  due to imposed pandemic control measures  the visitor footfall was still smaller than a year ago – the shopping centres had over 27 million visitors  which is 9% less than in 2020.The consolidated rent income of Akropolis Group increased by 3% to EUR 57.3 million. The occupancy rate at Akropolis centres managed from the beginning of the year remained very high at 99% last year.According to M. Dargužis  Akropolis centres passed the coronavirus pandemic test by successfully adapting to the restrictions that were imposed  regularly updating the choice of shops operating in the shopping centres and by creating safe conditions for visiting of the shopping centres.Story continues“Even under the most restrictive conditions we remained optimistic and continued to pursue our main goal of maintaining the market leadership of the group. Our results and business resilience have been positively evaluated by the financial markets: last June Akropolis Group successfully placed its debut EUR 300 million 5-year eurobond issue  which is quoted on Nasdaq Vilnius and Euronext Dublin stock exchanges ” the CEO of Akropolis Group says.Last year  international credit rating agencies Fitch Ratings and S&P Global Ratings have assigned Akropolis Group long-term issuer ratings for the first time – BB+ with a long-term stable outlook and BB+ with a long-term negative outlook (changed into stable outlook in October 2021)  respectively.The group  which manages shopping and entertainment centres and real estate  resumed the development of the multifunctional complex Akropolis Vingis in Vilnius last year. The Vilnius Regional Council of Architects gave a positive assessment of the pre-design proposal of the updated architectural concept.With focus on ESG topic within the company group  last August Akropolis in Vilnius  Klaipėda and Šiauliai were certified according to the international BREEAM in-use standard.Akropolis Group will not pay dividends to the shareholder this year.Full financial reports of Akropolis Group for 2021 can be found on the website of the company.For more information:Dominykas MertinasHead of Marketing and Communication DepartmentAKROPOLIS GROUP  UAB+370 64027001dominykas.mertinas@akropolis.ltAttachment,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.05,mixed,0.42,0.2,0.38,True,English,"['Akropolis Group', 'portfolio value', 'revenue', 'EBITDA', 'debut EUR 300 million 5-year eurobond issue', 'Akropolis Group long-term issuer ratings', 'Euronext Dublin stock exchanges', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'international credit rating agencies', 'multifunctional complex Akropolis Vingis', 'The Vilnius Regional Council', 'long-term negative outlook', 'Manfredas Dargužis', 'pandemic control measures', 'consolidated rent income', 'M. Dargužis', 'coronavirus pandemic test', 'long-term stable outlook', 'key financial indicators', 'Full financial reports', 'lower visitor footfall', 'strict pandemic restrictions', 'Akropolis Group portfolio', 'consolidated financial results', 'last year turnover', 'AKROPOLIS GROUP UAB', 'shopping centre Alfa', '27 million visitors', 'Fitch Ratings', 'international BREEAM', 'financial markets', 'Akropolis centres', 'entertainment centres', 'Baltic States', 'positive change', 'fair value', 'Akropole Alfa', 'most part', 'first half', 'basic necessities', 'second half', 'clear recovery', 'record turnovers', 'occupancy rate', 'safe conditions', 'restrictive conditions', 'main goal', 'market leadership', 'business resilience', 'Nasdaq Vilnius', 'first time', 'real estate', 'positive assessment', 'pre-design proposal', 'architectural concept', 'ESG topic', 'Klaipėda', 'use standard', 'Communication Department', 'shopping centres', 'Akropolis tenants', 'tenants’ turnovers', 'company group', 'Dominykas Mertinas', 'development', 'management', 'revenue', 'profit', 'EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'tax', 'interest', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'acquisition', 'Riga', 'structure', 'name', 'stores', 'points', 'services', 'months', 'CEO', 'December', 'beginning', 'choice', 'shops', 'visiting', 'Story', 'BB', 'October', 'Architects', 'focus', 'Šiauliai', 'dividends', 'shareholder', 'website', 'information', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Attachment']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2596,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTERPARFUMS-5204/news/Combined-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-April-29-2022-Availability-of-the-AGM-prepa-40001784/,Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of April 29  2022: Availability of the AGM preparatory documents,1 day ago,Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary Annual General Meeting of April 29  2022Availability of the AGM preparatory documentsThe Annual General Meeting of InterparfumsSA will be held on Friday  April 29  2022 at 2:00 pm at:Pavillon Gabriel - 5 Avenue Gabriel - 75008 ParisThe preliminary call notice of the Annual General Meeting (avis préalable de réunion) including the agenda and draft resolutions and the conditions and procedures for participation and voting  was published in the French publication for legal announcements (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires or BALO) No. 35 of March 23  2022  Announcement No. 2200610 and posted on the Company's website.The second call notice (avis de convocation) will be published in the BALO on April 11  2022.The documents and information concerning the Annual General Meeting will be made available to the shareholders and for consultation under the conditions provided for by regulations in force.In accordance with Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code  shareholders may consult  as of today  the documents and preparatory information relating to this AGM on the Company's website at: https://www.interparfums-finance.fr/en/ shareholders-meeting/Shareholders are invited to consult on a regular basis the Shareholders' Meeting section of the Company's website to obtain the most up-to-date information concerning this AGM.Shareholders of the Company wishing to attend the AGM in person shall be required to comply with any health measures in force on the date of the meeting.The Shareholders' Meeting will be broadcast live on the Company's website (www. interparfums-finance.fr) and will be accessible for replay on a deferred basis within the timeframe provided for by regulations.Paris  April 8  2022About InterparfumsFounded by Philippe Benacin and Jean Madar in 1982  Interparfums develops  manufactures and distri-butes prestige perfumes and cosmetics as the exclusive worldwide licensee for Boucheron  Coach  Jimmy Choo  Karl Lagerfeld  Kate Spade  Moncler  Montblanc and Van Cleef & Arpel's in particular. The company is also the owner of Lanvin fragrances and the Rochas brand. With products sold in over 100 countries worldwide through a selective distribution network  in 2021 Interparfums had consolidated sales of €560 million accompanied by an operating margin of 17.6% and €148 million in net cash at December 31  2021. Interparfums is listed on Euronext Paris with a market capitalization of 3 billion.This press release is available in French and English on the company's websitewww.interparfums-ﬁnance.frInterparfums 10 rue de Solférino 75007 Paris Tel. +33 (0)1 53 77 00 00Visit us on interparfums-finance.frUpcoming eventsPublication of Q1 2022 sales April 27  2022(before the opening of Paris - Euronext Stock Exchange)General Meeting 2022 April 29  2022 (2 p.m.)Investor Relations and Analysts ContactPhilippe SantiExecutive Vice Presidentpsanti@interparfums.frPress contactCyril Levy-Pey Communication Directorclevypey@interparfums.frShareholder information+33 1 53 77 00 99ISIN : FR0004024222-ITP Reuters : IPAR.PA Bloomberg : ITP Euronext Compartment A Eligible for Deferred Settlement Service (SRD) Index - SBF 120  CAC Mid 60,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'AGM preparatory documents', 'Combined Ordinary', 'April', 'Availability', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Cyril Levy-Pey Communication Directorclevypey', 'avis préalable de', 'Extraordinary Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'preliminary call notice', 'second call notice', 'exclusive worldwide licensee', 'selective distribution network', 'Executive Vice Presidentpsanti', 'Euronext Stock Exchange', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'ITP Euronext Compartment', 'French Commercial Code', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", ""Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'AGM preparatory documents', 'avis de', '10 rue de', 'deferred basis', 'ITP Reuters', 'preparatory information', 'Combined Ordinary', 'Pavillon Gabriel', '5 Avenue Gabriel', 'réunion', 'draft resolutions', 'legal announcements', 'Article R.', 'regular basis', 'health measures', 'Philippe Benacin', 'Jean Madar', 'prestige perfumes', 'Jimmy Choo', 'Karl Lagerfeld', 'Kate Spade', 'Van Cleef', 'Lanvin fragrances', 'Rochas brand', 'operating margin', 'net cash', 'market capitalization', 'press release', 'Solférino', 'Upcoming events', 'Investor Relations', 'Analysts Contact', 'Philippe Santi', 'Press contact', 'PA Bloomberg', 'SRD) Index', 'CAC Mid', 'Euronext Paris', 'Shareholder information', 'French publication', 'Q1 2022 sales', 'date information', 'AGM.', '75008 Paris', 'April', 'Availability', 'InterparfumsSA', 'Friday', 'agenda', 'conditions', 'procedures', 'participation', 'voting', 'BALO', 'No.', 'March', 'Company', 'website', 'convocation', 'consultation', 'regulations', 'force', 'accordance', 'today', 'finance', 'person', 'replay', 'timeframe', 'cosmetics', 'Boucheron', 'Coach', 'Moncler', 'Montblanc', 'Arpel', 'owner', 'products', '100 countries', 'December', 'English', 'Tel.', 'opening', 'ISIN', 'IPAR', 'Eligible', 'SBF', '2:00', '1 53']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,marketscreener.com
2597,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.efinancialcareers.com/news/2022/04/paris-banking-jobs-brexit,Paris still waiting for 5 500 banking jobs to appear post-Brexit,1 day ago,When The Telegraph’s Lucy Burton wrote in a comment piece this week that “Macron has failed to steal London’s financial crown ” feathers in Paris were no doubt ruffled. But the paper’s pro-London take failed to account for the nuances in the data and the ongoing commitment to the French capital by two major banks in particular: JPMorgan and Bank of America.According to EY  just over 7 000 jobs have moved from London to the continent post-Brexit  a significantly lower number than the 12 500 forecasted by the firm in 2016  but hardly the “fraction” claimed by The Telegraph. 2 800 of those 7 000 jobs have moved to Paris  although this number should be taken with a pinch of salt.Arnaud de Bresson  CEO of Paris Europlace – the body in charge of promoting and developing the city as an international financial centre – has told us their own data shows 4 500 direct re-locations out of the 10 000 they expect over time. Whether the EY numbers are accurate or not  Paris is still well-ahead compared to Frankfurt and Dublin  cities that the consultant estimates to have seen 1 800 and 1 200 relocations from London respectively.JPMorgan has been the key driver of Paris’ post-Brexit financial growth  having chosen the city on the Seine as their EU trading hub. Pre-Brexit  Paris was home to 265 JPMorgan employees  a number that is expected to grow to some 800 by year end. Emmanuel Macron – the pro-finance and ex-financier President – even inaugurated the bank’s new French headquarters in 2021.While there are reports of JPMorgan increasing their Frankfurt presence by up to 25%  that is largely focussed on asset management and commercial and investment banking  leaving Paris to be the trading hub. This is no surprise given Paris is home to the EU’s largest stock exchange by domestic market cap  Euronext. In Arnaud de Bresson’s words  “Paris is clearly the capital markets centre of the EU 27.”Similarly  Bank of America has a major European markets hub in Paris  even if people there have been occasionally seen leaving and coming back to London. At the end of last year it employed around 500 staff there.The City of Light  as Paris is often referred to  however still struggles to lure Londoners across the English Channel for cultural reasons. In London  South Kensington has long been home to the French expat community given it contains the Consulate  Institute Français and the Lycée Charles de Gaulle (residents have been known to complain of Lycée students smoking on their doorsteps.) Paris  however  seems to have no equivalent for homesick Brits.One concern for bankers moving their families to the continent is their children’s education. Paris has recognised this and is building three new international schools in the region: one opened last year  the second is opening this year and the third in 2023. While those children may grow up to be bilingual  their parents still might feel the French language is a barrier to their professional and personal advancement abroad.With the first round of the French Presidential election coming on the 10th April  eyes will be on Macron – or potentially a successor – to see what the future looks like for Paris. The sentiment is that his reforms are unlikely to be reversed and although Paris hasn’t stolen London’s financial crown – if that was ever its aim – it is certainly making inroads to become the home of post-Brexit Europe’s capital markets.Click here to create a profile on eFinancialCareers and be discovered by recruiters for top jobs in technology and finance.Download the eFinancialCareers graduate careers guide here.Contact: sbutcher@efinancialcareers.com in the first instance. Whatsapp/Signal/Telegram also available (Telegram: @SarahButcher)Bear with us if you leave a comment at the bottom of this article: all our comments are moderated by human beings. Sometimes these humans might be asleep  or away from their desks  so it may take a while for your comment to appear. Eventually it will – unless it’s offensive or libelous (in which case it won’t.),neutral,0.04,0.75,0.21,negative,0.01,0.08,0.9,True,English,"['5,500 banking jobs', 'Paris', 'Brexit', 'Lycée Charles de Gaulle', 'In Arnaud de Bresson', 'three new international schools', 'eFinancialCareers graduate careers guide', 'major European markets hub', 'Paris’ post-Brexit financial growth', 'Lycée students', 'two major banks', 'international financial centre', 'new French headquarters', 'largest stock exchange', 'domestic market cap', 'French expat community', 'French Presidential election', 'capital markets centre', 'EU trading hub', 'post-Brexit Europe', 'French capital', 'financial crown', 'French language', 'The Telegraph', 'Lucy Burton', 'pro-London take', 'ongoing commitment', '4,500 direct re-locations', 'key driver', 'ex-financier President', 'asset management', 'investment banking', 'last year', 'English Channel', 'cultural reasons', 'South Kensington', 'Français', 'homesick Brits', 'One concern', 'personal advancement', 'first round', '10th April', 'first instance', 'human beings', 'EY numbers', 'year end', 'Frankfurt presence', 'comment piece', 'lower number', 'Emmanuel Macron', 'The City', 'top jobs', 'Paris Europlace', '265 JPMorgan employees', '7,000 jobs', 'feathers', 'paper', 'nuances', 'data', 'America', 'continent', 'firm', 'fraction', 'pinch', 'salt', 'CEO', 'body', 'charge', 'time', 'Dublin', 'cities', 'consultant', '1,200 relocations', 'Seine', 'pro-finance', 'reports', 'commercial', 'surprise', 'Euronext', 'words', 'people', '500 staff', 'Light', 'Londoners', 'Consulate', 'Institute', 'residents', 'doorsteps', 'equivalent', 'bankers', 'families', 'children', 'education', 'region', 'parents', 'barrier', 'professional', 'eyes', 'successor', 'future', 'reforms', 'aim', 'inroads', 'profile', 'recruiters', 'technology', 'Contact', 'sbutcher', 'Whatsapp/Signal/Telegram', 'SarahButcher', 'bottom', 'article', 'comments', 'humans', 'desks', 'case', '1,800']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,efinancialcareers.com
2598,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220408005595/en/NANOBIOTIX-Announces-Filing-of-the-2021-Universal-Registration-Document-and-the-2021-Annual-Report-on-Form-20-F,NANOBIOTIX Announces Filing of the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F,23 hours ago,PARIS & CAMBRIDGE  Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases  today announced the filing of its universal registration document for the financial year ended December 31  2021 with the French financial market authority (Autorité des marchés financiers or AMF)  as well as of the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended December 31  2021 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).These documents are available on the Nanobiotix website at https://ir.nanobiotix.com/financial-information/annual-reports. In addition  the 2021 universal registration document is available on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org) and the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F is available on the SEC website (www.sec.gov).In particular  the Company’s 2021 universal registration document includes its:- 2021 annual financial report - Management report including the report on corporate governance- Reports from the Company’s statutory auditors and information on their fees- Required information in relation to the Company’s share buyback program2022 Financial AgendaMay 10  2022 - First Quarter 2022 Corporate and Financial UpdateJune 21  2022 - Annual General Meeting  Paris  FranceSeptember 7  2022 - 2022 Half-Year Corporate and Financial UpdateNovember 9  2022 - Third Quarter 2022 Corporate and Financial Update***About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product  composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physics-based mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly  with immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored phase I dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy.Nanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company sponsored phase I clinical study  evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC and for patients with lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy  either naïve or resistant to prior PD-1 (either primary or secondary as per SITC criteria).Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in strategic collaborations to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several phase I and phase II studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2021  the Company entered into an additional strategic collaboration agreement with LianBio to support its global phase III study in Asia along with four future registrational studies.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  Germany and Switzerland.Nanobiotix has been listed on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate– NBTXR3 —which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “at this time ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “expect ” “intend ” “on track ” “plan ” “scheduled ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the timing and progress of clinical trials  the timing of our presentation of data  the results of our preclinical and clinical studies and their potential implications. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data notwithstanding positive early clinical results and the risks associated with the evolving nature of the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental and regulatory measures implemented in response to it. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 8  2022 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 8  2022  each as updated in our Half-Year Financial Report filed with the AMF and the SEC on September 8  2021 (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com)  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.63,0.27,0.1,True,English,"['2021 Universal Registration Document', '2021 Annual Report', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Filing', 'Form', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'additional strategic collaboration agreement', 'four future registrational studies', 'global phase III study', 'phase I clinical study', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'phase I dose escalation', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'significant tumor cell death', 'French financial market authority', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'several phase I', 'dose expansion study', 'phase II studies', 'U.S. Securities', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'other major diseases', 'universal registration document', 'share buyback program', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'adaptive immune response', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'favorable safety data', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'Annual General Meeting', 'anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors', 'Immuno-Oncology development program', 'priority development pathways', 'United States Food', 'lead product candidate', 'primary development pathway', 'class oncology product', '2021 annual financial report', 'physics-based approaches', 'regulated market', 'primary cancer', 'Regulatory News', 'strategic collaborations', 'physics-based mechanism', 'therapeutic combinations', 'Annual Report', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'financial year', '2022 Financial Agenda', 'Financial Update', 'solid tumor', 'tumor types', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Exchange Commission', 'Management report', 'statutory auditors', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'advanced head', 'early signs', 'Drug Administration', 'radiation therapy', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'locoregional recurrent', 'liver metastases', 'prior PD-1', 'SITC criteria', 'focus areas', 'scalable potential', 'The University', 'human life', '30 umbrella patents', 'advanced HNSCC', 'recurrent/metastatic HNSCC', 'treatment outcomes', 'AMF website', 'Form 20-F', 'SEC website', 'corporate governance', '2022 Half-Year Corporate', 'treatment possibilities', 'Nanobiotix website', 'Company sponsored', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass', 'Euronext', 'pioneering', 'patients', 'filing', 'documents', 'annual-reports', 'amf-france', 'org', 'information', 'fees', 'relation', 'May', 'June', 'September', 'novel', 'radiotherapy', 'action', 'MoA', 'neck', 'efficacy', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'lung', 'parallel', 'strategy', 'LianBio', 'Asia', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'subsidiaries', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'December', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', '2019']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,businesswire.com
2599,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.oedigital.com/news/495668-hal-making-good-progress-with-boskalis-takeover-offer,HAL Making 'Good Progress' With Boskalis Takeover Offer,1 day ago,"HAL Holding  which on March 10 announced plans to launch a takeover offer for the Dutch marine services and dredging giant Boskalis' all remaining shares  said Thursday it was making good progress with the offer preparation.The company had said in March it planned to launch an all-cash voluntary public offer of €32.50 per share for all issued and outstandingordinary shares of Boskalis. HAL had 46.2% shares at the time of the announcement.""HAL confirms that it is making good progress on the preparation of the Offer. HAL is preparing the necessary regulatory filings  including relevant filings to antitrust authorities. Today HAL will file a request for review and approval of the offer memorandum with the AFM [The Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets] "" HAL said Thursday.""As communicated in the initial announcement  HAL anticipates that the offer will be presented to Boskalis shareholders within 2 months from the date hereof and HAL expects to obtain the requisite regulatory and competition clearances in Q3 of 2022 "" the company said.HAL said in March it supported Boskalis’ strategy  and that it had no intention to change its management or governance  ""and is committed to the long-term interests of Boskalis and its stakeholders  including its employees.€4.2 billion""The offer price per share represents an implied equity value for 100% of Boskalis on a fully diluted basis of €4.2 billion "" HAL said at the time.The company  which has been a shareholder of Boskalis since 1989  said the current public listing ""offers limited added value to Boskalis  and does not outweigh the costs and other disadvantages of the listing.""Hal said it believed that given Boskalis’ business characteristics  the long-term nature of its larger projects (typically spanning multiple years)  and the cyclicality of its underlying markets  Boskalis could benefit from private ownership with a long-term investment horizon  and that such private ownership could also enhance M&A opportunities.""""If HAL holds at least 95% of the Shares  it intends to cause the termination of the listing of the Shares on Euronext Amsterdam and to commence statutory buy-out proceedings to obtain 100% of the Shares "" HAL said in March.Carefully considering offer aspectsBoskalis said Friday that its management board and supervisory board were ""currently carefully considering all aspects of the proposed offer in line with their fiduciary duties.""""To this extent  the Board of Management has engaged AXECO Corporate Finance as its financial advisor and Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP as its legal advisor. Rabobank is acting as financial advisor to the Supervisory Board and Burggraaf & Hoekstra B.V. is acting as independent legal advisor to the Supervisory Board. Boskalis will update the market if and when appropriate "" Boskalis said.",positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.07,0.4,True,English,"['Boskalis Takeover Offer', 'Good Progress', 'HAL', 'Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP', 'cash voluntary public offer', 'Dutch marine services', 'The Dutch Authority', 'M&A opportunities', 'statutory buy-out proceedings', 'AXECO Corporate Finance', 'Hoekstra B.V.', 'long-term investment horizon', 'current public listing', 'necessary regulatory filings', 'implied equity value', 'independent legal advisor', 'relevant filings', 'requisite regulatory', 'long-term interests', 'long-term nature', 'financial advisor', 'good progress', 'antitrust authorities', 'Financial Markets', 'competition clearances', 'diluted basis', 'other disadvantages', 'business characteristics', 'larger projects', 'multiple years', 'underlying markets', 'private ownership', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'fiduciary duties', 'supervisory board', 'takeover offer', 'offer price', 'initial announcement', 'remaining shares', 'ordinary shares', 'offer preparation', 'offer aspects', 'giant Boskalis', 'Boskalis shareholders', 'management board', 'HAL Holding', '46.2% shares', 'March', 'plans', 'company', 'time', 'request', 'review', 'approval', 'memorandum', 'AFM', '2 months', 'date', 'Q3', 'strategy', 'intention', 'governance', 'stakeholders', 'employees', 'offers', 'costs', 'cyclicality', 'termination', 'line', 'extent', 'Rabobank', 'Burggraaf']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,oedigital.com
2600,EuroNext,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fagron-publishes-agenda-2022-annual-120000748.html,Fagron publishes agenda 2022 annual general meeting and extraordinary general meeting,1 day ago,Fagron NVRegulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  8 April 2022Fagron publishes agenda 2022 annual general meeting and extraordinary general meetingThe Board of Directors of Fagron NV (Fagron) invites the holders of shares and subscription rights of Fagron to attend the annual general meeting of shareholders and the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders on Monday 9 May 2022. Both meetings will be held in hybrid format.AgendaThe agenda includes the discussion of the annual report (published today in Dutch)  the approval of the annual financial statements and the dividend proposal of €0.20 for the fiscal year 2021  and the proposal for several appointments.As announced earlier  the Board of Directors will propose to appoint Vera Bakker  Ann Desender  and Neeraj Sharma as independent and non-executive directors for a four-year term. The agenda of the annual general meeting also includes the proposal to reappoint Management Deprez BV  represented by Veerle Deprez  as independent and non-executive director and Rafael Padilla and Karin de Jong as executive directors  each for a four-year term. On the day of the shareholders’ meetings Vanzel G. Comm.V.  represented by Giulia van Waeyenberge  and Alychlo NV  represented by Marc Coucke  will step down as non-executive directors.Meetings and meeting documentsFagron’s annual general meeting of shareholders will be held at its statutory seat  Venecoweg 20A  9810  Nazareth and by audio and video conference on Monday 9 May 2022 at 3PM CET. Followed immediately thereafter  the extraordinary general meeting will be held in the presence of associated civil-law notary Stijn Raes.The convocation  agenda and other documents related to the annual general meeting and the extraordinary general meeting can be found on the Fagron website.Further informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics  and patients in 35 countries around the world.Story continuesBelgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Please open the link below for the press release:Fagron publishes agenda 2022 annual general meeting and extraordinary general meeting,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['2022 annual general meeting', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Fagron', 'agenda', 'Vanzel G. Comm.V.', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'Karin de Jong', 'Giulia van Waeyenberge', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'annual financial statements', 'leading global company', '2022 annual general meeting', 'Management Deprez BV', 'meeting documents', 'annual report', 'Veerle Deprez', 'Belgian company', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', 'subscription rights', 'Monday 9 May', 'hybrid format', 'fiscal year', 'several appointments', 'Vera Bakker', 'Ann Desender', 'Neeraj Sharma', 'four-year term', 'non-executive director', 'Rafael Padilla', 'Alychlo NV', 'Marc Coucke', 'statutory seat', 'Venecoweg 20A', 'video conference', 'civil-law notary', 'Stijn Raes', 'other documents', 'Further information', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'Dutch company', 'English translation', 'press release', 'Fagron BV', 'Dutch original', 'executive directors', 'The Board', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron website', 'dividend proposal', 'Karen Berg', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '8 April', 'agenda', 'shares', 'discussion', 'approval', 'independent', 'audio', '3PM', 'presence', 'convocation', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '35 countries', 'world', 'Story', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', 'link', '31']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,finance.yahoo.com
2601,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.foundry-planet.com/de/d/ge-prepares-to-counter-schneiders-bid-for-invensys-news/,GE prepares to counter Schneider's bid for Invensys news,General Electric (GE)  the $245 billion US multinational conglomerate  is planning to take on France's Schneider Electric for control of Invensys Plc by tabling a £3.5 billion ($5.3 billion) counterbid for the British industrial software group.,GE prepares to counter Schneider's bid for Invensys newsLesedauer: minGeneral Electric (GE)  the $245 billion US multinational conglomerate  is planning to take on France's Schneider Electric for control of Invensys Plc by tabling a £3.5 billion ($5.3 billion) counterbid for the British industrial software group.Just two days ago Schneider Electric had revealed that the company was negotiating with Invensys over a possible £3.3-billion takeover of the British company. (See: Schneider Electric in talks to buy UK's Invensys for around $5 bn)Further to Schneider's proposal  the stock jumped to 508 pence on Fridays trading  while shares in Schneider Electric were down 4 per cent on Euronext  Paris.A bidding war between GE and Schneider - two of the world's biggest industrial giants - could drive up the price for the London-based company to 550 pence a share  valuing Invensys at £3.6 billion  The Sunday Times yesterday prophecised  citing unnamed sources.Based in the western suburbs of Paris  Schneider has proposed paying 319 pence in cash and 186 pence in new Schneider shares - a total of 505 pence  representing a 15-per cent premium to Invensys' 11 July close on the London Stock Exchange.It has until 8 August to make a formal offer.Analysts had earlier said that Invensys could be a potential takeover target after it sold its (See: Siemens to acquire rail automation unit of Invensys for $2.78 bn) unit to Siemens for £1.74 billion.Invensys  whose business includes industrial automation systems  was in talks last year with potential suitors  including Siemens and General Electric to sell itself either completely or partially (See: Siemens to acquire rail automation unit of Invensys for $2.78 bn).Last July  the company  run by chief executice Wayne Edmunds  said that it has ended takeover talks with US industrial giant Emerson Electric and other potential suitors  without an offer being made. (See: British engineering firm Invensys ends talks with Emerson Electric)The company did not reveal why Emerson and others had backed off from making an offer  but potential suitors may have been deterred by Invensys's then £426-million pension deficit.Invensys  an FTSE 250 Index company  was formed through the 1999 merger between two British engineering giants BTR plc and Siebe plc. It makes software and control systems for industrial plants  nuclear power stations and home appliances.Of its 16 900 employees  only 1 100 people are employed in the UK  while the rest are spread in over 180 countries  where it generates more than 95 per cent of its turnover.The company has a market cap of $3.3 billion and generated net profit of $188 million in 2012 on revenues of $2.7 billion.Connecticut-based GE  led by Jeff Immelt  has a market cap of $245 billion  and posted net income of $13.6 billion in 2012 on revenues of $100 billion.Its last major acquisition was in December 2012 when it purchased the aerospace-parts business of Italy's Avio SpA from British private equity firm Cinven and Italian conglomerate Finmeccanica Group  for $4.3 billion. (See: GE to buy the aerospace-parts business of Italy's Avio for $4.3 bn)Schneider Electric  which made acquisitions worth $3.8 billion in 2011 and 2012  including Indian power-storage systems maker APW President Systems  was founded in 1836 by two brothers  Eugène I and Adolphe Schneider  who began by manufacturing electric motors and locomotives.Today  it is a global leader in power and control solutions mainly through the over 18 strategic acquisitions it has made since the past 135 years.The company is a specialist in integrated solutions across multiple market segments that include energy and infrastructure  industrial processes  building automation  and data centres/networks  as well as a broad presence in residential applications.Schneider  which has a market cap of $31 billion  reported sales of $31.1 billion in 2012.Source: <link http: domain-b.com _blank external-link-new-window external link in new> domain-b.com,neutral,0.02,0.67,0.3,negative,0.01,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['Invensys news', 'GE', 'Schneider', 'bid', 'US industrial giant Emerson Electric', '$245 billion US multinational conglomerate', 'Italian conglomerate Finmeccanica Group', 'Indian power-storage systems maker', 'British private equity firm', 'two British engineering giants', 'British industrial software group', 'British engineering firm', 'biggest industrial giants', 'The Sunday Times', '£426-million pension deficit', 'last major acquisition', 'APW President Systems', 'Eugène I', 'industrial automation systems', 'possible £3.3-billion takeover', '15-per cent premium', 'multiple market segments', 'potential takeover target', 'rail automation unit', 'London Stock Exchange', 'nuclear power stations', 'new-window external link', 'other potential suitors', 'FTSE 250 Index company', 'new Schneider shares', 'industrial plants', 'industrial processes', 'two brothers', 'British company', 'building automation', 'control systems', '95 per cent', 'General Electric', 'electric motors', 'market cap', 'bidding war', 'unnamed sources', 'western suburbs', 'chief executice', 'Wayne Edmunds', 'BTR plc', 'Siebe plc', 'home appliances', 'net profit', 'Jeff Immelt', 'net income', 'global leader', 'past 135 years', 'integrated solutions', 'broad presence', 'residential applications', 'Schneider Electric', 'takeover talks', 'aerospace-parts business', 'Adolphe Schneider', 'control solutions', 'London-based company', 'Avio SpA', '18 strategic acquisitions', 'formal offer', 'Connecticut-based GE', 'Invensys news', 'Invensys Plc', 'Lesedauer', 'min', 'France', 'counterbid', 'UK', 'proposal', '508 pence', 'Fridays', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'world', 'price', '550 pence', '319 pence', 'cash', '186 pence', 'total', '505 pence', '8 August', 'Analysts', 'Siemens', '1999 merger', '16,900 employees', '1,100 people', 'rest', '180 countries', 'turnover', 'revenues', 'December', 'Italy', 'Cinven', 'locomotives', 'specialist', 'energy', 'infrastructure', 'networks', 'sales', 'domain']",2013-07-24,2022-04-09,foundry-planet.com
2602,EuroNext,Bing API,https://apnews.com/press-release/BusinessWire/covid-technology-business-health-europe-8eb959f642884552b97db21dd8fd479d,NANOBIOTIX Announces Filing of the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F,Regulatory News: NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – the “ Company ”)   a late-stage clinical biotechnology,PARIS & CAMBRIDGE  Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 8  2022--Regulatory News:NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – the “ Company ”)   a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases  today announced the filing of its universal registration document for the financial year ended December 31  2021 with the French financial market authority ( Autorité des marchés financiers or AMF)  as well as of the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended December 31  2021 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).ADVERTISEMENTThese documents are available on the Nanobiotix website at https://ir.nanobiotix.com/financial-information/annual-reports . In addition  the 2021 universal registration document is available on the AMF website ( www.amf-france.org ) and the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F is available on the SEC website ( www.sec.gov ).In particular  the Company’s 2021 universal registration document includes its:- 2021 annual financial report - Management report including the report on corporate governance- Reports from the Company’s statutory auditors and information on their fees- Required information in relation to the Company’s share buyback program2022 Financial AgendaMay 10  2022 - First Quarter 2022 Corporate and Financial UpdateJune 21  2022 - Annual General Meeting  Paris  FranceSeptember 7  2022 - 2022 Half-Year Corporate and Financial UpdateNovember 9  2022 - Third Quarter 2022 Corporate and Financial Update***About NBTXR3ADVERTISEMENTNBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product  composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. The product candidate’s physics-based mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly  with immune checkpoint inhibitors.NBTXR3 is being evaluated in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) as the primary development pathway. The company-sponsored phase I dose escalation and dose expansion study has produced favorable safety data and early signs of efficacy. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy.Nanobiotix has also prioritized an Immuno-Oncology development program—beginning with a Company sponsored phase I clinical study  evaluating NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy in combination with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors for patients with locoregional recurrent or recurrent/metastatic HNSCC and for patients with lung or liver metastases from any primary cancer eligible for anti-PD-1 therapy  either naïve or resistant to prior PD-1 (either primary or secondary as per SITC criteria).Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in strategic collaborations to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several phase I and phase II studies to evaluate NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2021  the Company entered into an additional strategic collaboration agreement with LianBio to support its global phase III study in Asia along with four future registrational studies.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  Germany and Switzerland.Nanobiotix has been listed on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate– NBTXR3 —which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify ®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter .DisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “at this time ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “expect ” “intend ” “on track ” “plan ” “scheduled ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the timing and progress of clinical trials  the timing of our presentation of data  the results of our preclinical and clinical studies and their potential implications. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data notwithstanding positive early clinical results and the risks associated with the evolving nature of the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental and regulatory measures implemented in response to it. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 8  2022 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 8  2022  each as updated in our Half-Year Financial Report filed with the AMF and the SEC on September 8  2021 (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com )  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220408005595/en/CONTACT: NanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentKate McNeilSVP  Investor Relations+1 (609) 678-7388investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR –Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comUS –Porter NovelliDan Childs+1 (781) 888-5106Dan.childs@porternovelli.comKEYWORD: MASSACHUSETTS EUROPE UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA FRANCEINDUSTRY KEYWORD: BIOTECHNOLOGY PHARMACEUTICAL HEALTH ONCOLOGYSOURCE: NANOBIOTIXCopyright Business Wire 2022.PUB: 04/08/2022 05:57 PM/DISC: 04/08/2022 05:57 PMhttp://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220408005595/en,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.63,0.27,0.1,True,English,"['2021 Universal Registration Document', '2021 Annual Report', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Filing', 'Form', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'additional strategic collaboration agreement', 'four future registrational studies', 'global phase III study', 'phase I clinical study', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'phase I dose escalation', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'significant tumor cell death', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'French financial market authority', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'several phase I', 'dose expansion study', 'phase II studies', 'U.S. Securities', 'squamous cell carcinoma', 'other major diseases', 'universal registration document', 'share buyback program', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'adaptive immune response', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'favorable safety data', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Immuno-Oncology development program', 'anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors', 'priority development pathways', 'primary development pathway', 'United States Food', 'class oncology product', '2021 annual financial report', 'physics-based approaches', 'regulated market', 'primary cancer', 'Regulatory News', 'strategic collaborations', 'physics-based mechanism', 'therapeutic combinations', 'Annual Report', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'financial year', '2022 Financial Agenda', 'Financial Update', 'product candidate', 'solid tumor', 'tumor types', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'Management report', 'statutory auditors', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'advanced head', 'early signs', 'Drug Administration', 'radiation therapy', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'locoregional recurrent', 'liver metastases', 'prior PD-1', 'SITC criteria', 'focus areas', 'scalable potential', 'The University', 'human life', '30 umbrella patents', 'advanced HNSCC', 'recurrent/metastatic HNSCC', 'treatment outcomes', 'SEC website', 'corporate governance', '2022 Half-Year Corporate', 'AMF website', 'treatment possibilities', 'Nanobiotix website', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass', 'Euronext', 'pioneering', 'patients', 'filing', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'documents', 'annual-reports', 'france', 'org', 'information', 'fees', 'relation', 'May', 'June', 'November', 'novel', 'radiotherapy', 'action', 'MoA', 'neck', 'sponsored', 'efficacy', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'lung', 'parallel', 'strategy', 'LianBio', 'Asia', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'subsidiaries', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'December', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', '2019']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,apnews.com
2603,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Pangubright @cz_binance @news_of_bsc Fist will bring More players around the world to Fist and FSTSwap by hosting Binance and EURonext,nan,@Pangubright @cz_binance @news_of_bsc Fist will bring More players around the world to Fist and FSTSwap by hosting Binance and EURonext,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['More players', 'Pangubright', 'news', 'world', 'Fist', 'FSTSwap', 'Binance', 'EURonext', 'More players', 'Pangubright', 'news', 'world', 'Fist', 'FSTSwap', 'Binance', 'EURonext']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,Unknown
2604,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Jacques43178338 Source euronext,nan,@Jacques43178338 Source euronext,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Jacques43178338', 'euronext', 'Jacques43178338', 'euronext']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,Unknown
2605,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Europarl_EN Euronext friends at EP both MPs and CSOs related as well in Track-II diplomacy as continuously promoti… https://t.co/uOv0KA1oxJ,nan,@Europarl_EN Euronext friends at EP both MPs and CSOs related as well in Track-II diplomacy as continuously promoti… https://t.co/uOv0KA1oxJ,neutral,0.21,0.75,0.04,neutral,0.21,0.75,0.04,True,English,"['Track-II diplomacy', 'EP', 'MPs', 'CSOs', 'uOv0KA1oxJ', 'Track-II diplomacy', 'EP', 'MPs', 'CSOs', 'uOv0KA1oxJ']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,Unknown
2606,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@HalliganAoife @coilltenews @MSCI_Inc @corporateknight @ecovadis @Sustainalytics @euronext_ie @SusFinanceIE… https://t.co/Vypv5RAygD,nan,@HalliganAoife @coilltenews @MSCI_Inc @corporateknight @ecovadis @Sustainalytics @euronext_ie @SusFinanceIE… https://t.co/Vypv5RAygD,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['HalliganAoife', 'coilltenews', 'MSCI_Inc', 'corporateknight', 'ecovadis', 'Sustainalytics', 'euronext_ie', 'SusFinanceIE', 'Vypv5RAygD', 'HalliganAoife', 'coilltenews', 'MSCI_Inc', 'corporateknight', 'ecovadis', 'Sustainalytics', 'euronext_ie', 'SusFinanceIE', 'Vypv5RAygD']",2022-04-09,2022-04-09,Unknown
2607,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European markets higher on Friday  04/08/2022: Euronext 100 +1.44% at 1 257.96 slightly higher for the week … https://t.co/3mtcnxedKg,nan,Other European markets higher on Friday  04/08/2022: Euronext 100 +1.44% at 1 257.96 slightly higher for the week … https://t.co/3mtcnxedKg,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Other European markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'mtcnxedKg', 'Other European markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'mtcnxedKg']",2022-04-08,2022-04-09,Unknown
