UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
32277,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/lifestyle/prestigious-deutsche-b-rse-photography-101208795.html,Prestigious Deutsche Börse Photography Prize announces 5 incredible shortlisted photographers,The world's most prestigious photography prize has just announced its shortlist with $30 000 cash up for grabs,This year's shortlist for the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize covers everything from war and conflict  diasporic communities and decolonization  contested land  heritage  equality and gender. Established in 1996  the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious photography competitions in the world  celebrating photographers who have made a significant contribution to photography with thought-provoking  innovative work.After a rigorous selection process  outstanding individuals have been shortlisted for the upcoming award including Swiss photographer Vallie Export who explores women's roles in society through photography  film and immersive installations. Duo Gauri Gill & Rajesh Vangas have been dominated for their book Fields of Sight  published in 2023 by Edition Patrick Frey which combines Warli painting with photography to address aesthetics  environmental issues  memory and decolonization.• These are the best 50 photographers including pioneers Henri Cartier Bresson  Ansel Adams and Helmut NewtonSouth African visual artist Lebohang Kganye from Johannesburg has been nominated for his exhibition at Foam  Amsterdam which blends personal and collective histories through experimental installations combining images and words. Finally  the Syrian-Armenian photographer Hrair Sarkissian has been selected for his work The Other Side of Silence which is currently on display at the Bonnefanten Museum  in The Netherlands. It explored a deeply personal narrative with hidden socio-political realities through conceptual  life-sized photography uncovering behind the scenes of conflict.The Birth Madonna  after: Michelangelo Buonarroti  “Pietà” “Madonna della Febre” 1498–1501 Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2024These artists have been selected as they demonstrate the unique ability of photography to unveil the invisible  the forgotten  and the marginalized while envisioning paths toward redress. The winner of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize will receive a prize of £30 000 ($37 000)  and the other finalists will each be awarded £5 000 ($6 200). The winner will be announced at an award ceremony at The Photographers’ Gallery on May 16  2024. Full details of the exhibition and award evening will be announced in early 2024.This year's jury includes Rahaab Allana  Quentin Bajac  Anne-Marie Beckmann  Laura El-Tantawy  and Shoair Mavlian. According to Shoair Mavlian  Director of The Photographers’ Gallery  this year's shortlist reflects a wide range of important themes in contemporary photography.The annual exhibition of the shortlisted projects will be on display at The Photographers’ Gallery  London  from February 23 to June 2  2024 before moving to the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation in Eschborn/Frankfurt from June 15 to September 15  2024.,neutral,0.42,0.57,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.83,0.07,True,English,"['Prestigious Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', '5 incredible shortlisted photographers', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Swiss photographer Vallie Export', 'South African visual artist', 'Syrian-Armenian photographer Hrair Sarkissian', 'prestigious photography competitions', 'conceptual, life-sized photography', 'rigorous selection process', 'Duo Gauri Gill', 'Edition Patrick Frey', 'Henri Cartier Bresson', 'hidden socio-political realities', 'The Other Side', 'The Photographers’ Gallery', 'provoking, innovative work', 'The Birth Madonna', 'contemporary photography', 'The Netherlands', 'other finalists', 'best 50 photographers', 'diasporic communities', 'significant contribution', 'outstanding individuals', 'upcoming award', 'immersive installations', 'Rajesh Vangas', 'Warli painting', 'environmental issues', 'Ansel Adams', 'Helmut Newton', 'Lebohang Kganye', 'collective histories', 'experimental installations', 'Bonnefanten Museum', 'Michelangelo Buonarroti', 'unique ability', 'award ceremony', 'Full details', 'award evening', 'Rahaab Allana', 'Quentin Bajac', 'Anne-Marie Beckmann', 'Laura El-Tantawy', 'Shoair Mavlian', 'wide range', 'important themes', 'personal narrative', 'annual exhibition', 'shortlist', 'everything', 'conflict', 'decolonization', 'heritage', 'equality', 'gender', 'world', 'thought', 'women', 'roles', 'society', 'film', 'book', 'Fields', 'Sight', 'aesthetics', 'memory', 'pioneers', 'Johannesburg', 'Foam', 'Amsterdam', 'images', 'words', 'Silence', 'display', 'scenes', 'Pietà', 'Febre', 'artists', 'paths', 'redress', 'winner', 'May', 'early', 'jury', 'Director', 'projects', 'London', 'February', 'June', 'Eschborn/Frankfurt', 'September']",2023-11-06,2023-11-06,yahoo.com
32278,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/05/second-half-financial-partners-llc-trims-holdings-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Second Half Financial Partners LLC Trims Holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Second Half Financial Partners LLC trimmed its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 4.0% in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investo…,Second Half Financial Partners LLC trimmed its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 4.0% in the 2nd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 5 064 shares of the company’s stock after selling 212 shares during the quarter. Second Half Financial Partners LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $758 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Pinnacle Wealth Planning Services Inc. grew its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 12.2% during the 2nd quarter. Pinnacle Wealth Planning Services Inc. now owns 8 312 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 244 000 after buying an additional 903 shares in the last quarter. CoreFirst Bank & Trust purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $180 000. Connable Office Inc. purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $9 423 000. Fortune Financial Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $2 418 000. Finally  Coastline Trust Co grew its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 96.3% during the 2nd quarter. Coastline Trust Co now owns 43 969 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6 580 000 after buying an additional 21 568 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceShares of RSP opened at $141.59 on Friday. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1 year low of $133.34 and a 1 year high of $155.77. The company has a 50 day simple moving average of $142.67 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $145.54. The firm has a market cap of $40.02 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Second Half Financial Partners LLC Trims Holdings', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Pinnacle Wealth Planning Services Inc.', 'Second Half Financial Partners LLC', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', '50 day simple moving average', 'Fortune Financial Advisors LLC', 'Several other hedge funds', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Connable Office Inc.', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'other institutional investors', 'recent 13F filing', 'latest 13F filings', 'Coastline Trust Co', 'daily performance', 'financial companies', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'recent quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'CoreFirst Bank', 'new stake', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '2nd quarter', 'last quarter', '1 year low', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 903 shares', 'additional 21,568 shares', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '5,064 shares', '212 shares', '8,312 shares', '43,969 shares', 'position', 'Securities', 'stock', 'holdings', 'end', 'stakes', 'Friday', 'firm', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-11-05,2023-11-06,etfdailynews.com
32279,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/05/hoylecohen-llc-sells-4661-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Hoylecohen LLC Sells 4 661 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Hoylecohen LLC decreased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 10.0% during the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 41 865 shares of the company’s stock…,Hoylecohen LLC decreased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 10.0% during the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 41 865 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4 661 shares during the quarter. Hoylecohen LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $6 265 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of RSP. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter worth about $26 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter valued at approximately $28 000. Bangor Savings Bank purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $28 000. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter valued at approximately $29 000. Finally  BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC grew its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1 940.0% during the 1st quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 204 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30 000 after buying an additional 194 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceShares of NYSEARCA:RSP traded up $2.28 during trading on Friday  hitting $141.59. The company had a trading volume of 7 473 303 shares  compared to its average volume of 4 538 439. The stock has a market cap of $40.02 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a one year low of $133.34 and a one year high of $155.77. The company has a fifty day simple moving average of $142.67 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $145.54.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Hoylecohen LLC', '4,661 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance Shares', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'other institutional investors', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'other hedge funds', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'latest 13F filings', 'average volume', 'Hoylecohen LLC', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'additional 194 shares', 'recent disclosure', 'Co. Ltd', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'one year', 'financial companies', 'Recommended Stories', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'second quarter', 'recent quarter', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'last quarter', 'new position', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'trading volume', ""analysts' ratings"", '41,865 shares', '4,661 shares', '204 shares', '7,473,303 shares', 'firm', 'stock', 'holdings', 'number', 'Zurich', 'Friday', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-11-05,2023-11-06,etfdailynews.com
32280,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/05/petredis-investment-advisors-llc-takes-2-26-million-position-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Petredis Investment Advisors LLC Takes $2.26 Million Position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Petredis Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 7 747 shares of…,Petredis Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 7 747 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $2 261 000.Other institutional investors and hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in Public Storage by 0.6% during the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 16 888 887 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5 102 808 000 after purchasing an additional 107 404 shares in the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Public Storage by 3.6% during the 1st quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 3 742 458 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 131 364 000 after buying an additional 129 555 shares during the period. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD lifted its position in shares of Public Storage by 63.6% during the 1st quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 2 755 605 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $832 580 000 after buying an additional 1 071 347 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at $670 512 000. Finally  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its holdings in Public Storage by 1.5% in the 1st quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2 157 158 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $651 746 000 after acquiring an additional 30 859 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsSeveral research firms have issued reports on PSA. Truist Financial reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 price objective on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  October 31st. StockNews.com initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Wells Fargo & Company initiated coverage on Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 target price for the company. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their target price on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday  September 13th. Finally  Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Thursday  September 21st. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $299.83.Public Storage Price PerformanceNYSE:PSA opened at $253.26 on Friday. Public Storage has a one year low of $233.18 and a one year high of $316.48. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54  a quick ratio of 1.28 and a current ratio of 0.98. The stock has a market cap of $44.53 billion  a PE ratio of 23.21  a P/E/G ratio of 3.00 and a beta of 0.50. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $263.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $279.23.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 EPS for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. The company had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. During the same period in the prior year  the business posted $4.13 EPS. Public Storage’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.74 EPS for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 2 888 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 206 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['Petredis Investment Advisors LLC', 'Public Storage', 'Position', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', '206 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Geode Capital Management LLC', 'seven Western European nations', 'Petredis Investment Advisors LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Dimensional Fund Advisors LP', '50 day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'concise daily summary', 'Other institutional investors', 'quarterly earnings results', 'Three investment analysts', 'New Price Targets', 'Several research firms', 'consensus target price', 'equal weight” rating', '35% common equity interest', 'Public Storage Daily', 'current fiscal year', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Profile', 'Equities research analysts', 'Get Free Report', 'BlackRock Inc.', 'net margin', '$270.00 target price', 'average rating', '$305.00 price objective', '$250.00 price objective', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'research note', 'current ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'prior year', 'research report', 'buy” rating', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'new stake', 'recent disclosure', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'Norges Bank', 'Truist Financial', 'StockNews.com', 'Wells Fargo', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'Morgan Stanley', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Moderate Buy', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'analyst estimates', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'related companies', 'one year', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', '4th quarter', 'same quarter', 'same period', 'United States', 'latest news', 'additional 107,404 shares', 'additional 129,555 shares', 'additional 1,071,347 shares', 'additional 30,859 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '40 states', '7,747 shares', '16,888,887 shares', '3,742,458 shares', '2,755,605 shares', '2,157,158 shares', 'company', 'Securities', 'stakes', 'position', 'holdings', 'reports', 'Tuesday', 'October', 'coverage', 'Saturday', 'Wednesday', 'Thursday', 'September', 'data', 'Friday', 'debt', 'beta', 'Monday', 'return', 'revenue', 'business', '16.74 EPS', 'member', 'REIT', 'June', 'interests', 'Ratings']",2023-11-05,2023-11-06,etfdailynews.com
32281,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXI-S-P-A-57291674/news/Nexi-S-p-A-Report-on-Corporate-Governance-and-ownership-structure-45244013/,Nexi S p A : Report on Corporate Governance and ownership structure -November 05  2023 at 05:08 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   NEXI S.p.A.   REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE PURSUANT TO   ARTICLE 123-bis TUF       Financial year 2022   approved by Nexi S.p.A.'s Board of Directors on 6 March 2023   Available to the...htt…,"NEXI S.p.A. REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 123-bis TUF (Italian Consolidated Law on Finance) (TRADITIONAL MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL MODEL) Financial year 2022 approved by Nexi S.p.A.'s Board of Directors on 6 March 2023 Available to the public on www.nexigroup.itand on the authorised storage mechanism ""eMarket STORAGE"" Date of publication April 4  2023CONTENTS GLOSSARY INTRODUCTION THE ISSUER'S PROFILE AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SYSTEM PROFILE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SYSTEM INFORMATION ON OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF SECURITIES MAJOR SHAREHOLDINGS SECURITIES CONFERRING SPECIAL RIGHTS SHARES HELD BY EMPLOYEES: MECHANISM FOR EXERCISING VOTING RIGHTS RESTRICTIONS ON VOTING RIGHTS SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS (RELEVANT PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 122 TUF) CHANGE-OF-CONTROL CLAUSE AND PROVISIONS IN THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION ON TAKEOVERS DELEGATION OF POWERS TO INCREASE THE SHARE CAPITAL AND AUTHORISE THE PURCHASE OF TREASURY SHARES MANAGEMENT AND COORDINATION ACTIVITIES COMPLIANCE BOARD OF DIRECTORS THE ROLE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT COMPOSITION FUNCTIONING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS THE ROLE OF THE CHAIR OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS AND LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR CORPORATE INFORMATION MANAGEMENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMMITTEES SELF-ASSESSMENT AND SUCCESSION OF DIRECTORS - REMUNERATION AND APPOINTMENT COMMITTEE SELF-ASSESSMENT AND SUCCESSION OF DIRECTORS 1REMUNERATION AND APPOINTMENT COMMITTEE DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM - CONTROL  RISK AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CONTROL  RISK AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE HEAD OF INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION ORGANISATIONAL MODEL (PURSUANT TO LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 231/2001) INDEPENDENT AUDITORS FINANCIAL REPORTING OFFICER AND OTHER CORPORATE ROLES AND FUNCTIONS COORDINATION AMONG INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT BODIES DIRECTORS' INTERESTS AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT COMPOSITION AND FUNCTIONING RELATIONS WITH SHAREHOLDERS SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS FURTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROCEDURES CHANGES SINCE THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR COMMENTS ON THE LETTER FROM THE CHAIR OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE OF 25 JANUARY 2023 TABLE 1 - INFORMATION ON OWNERSHIP STRUCTURES AS AT 31/12/2022 TABLE 2 - STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AT THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR TABLE 3 - STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD COMMITTEES AT THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR TABLE 4 - STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS AT THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2GLOSSARY The main terms used in this Report and their definitions are listed below. Unless otherwise specified  the terms and definitions shall have the meanings set forth below. Other terms used in the Report have the meanings assigned to them in the text. Reference is made in full to the definitions of directors  executive directors  independent directors  significant shareholder  Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  board of directors  control body  business plan  company with concentrated ownership  large company  sustainable success and top management referred to in the Code of Corporate Governance and the related Q&A. AB Europe AB Europe (Luxembourg) Investment S.à r.l.  a ""société à responsabilité limitée"" (limited liability company) under Luxembourg law  with registered office at 2-4  rue Beck  L-1222  Luxembourg  registration number with the Registre de Commerce et des Societés of Luxembourg B218765. Supervisory Authorities As appropriate  the Bank of Italy  Borsa Italiana stock exchange  Consob and/or any other independent authority and/or EU Member State's administration  considered either jointly or severally. Borsa Italiana Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Italian stock exchange)  with headquarters in Milan  Piazza degli Affari 6. CDPE CDP Equity S.p.A.  with registered office at Via San Marco 21A  Milan  Tax Identification Number  VAT no. and entry in the Registry of Companies of Milan  Monza Brianza - Lodi 07532930968. CDPEI CDPE Investimenti S.p.A. (formerly FSI Investimenti S.p.A.) with registered office in Via San Marco 21A  Milan  entry in the Registry of Companies of Milan  Monza Brianza and Lodi 08699370964. CNFS The Consolidated non Financial Statement pursuant to decree n. 254 of 2016. Corporate Governance Code The governance code for listed companies  as approved by the Corporate Governance Committee in January 2020 and promoted by ABI  Ania  Assogestioni  Assonime  Confindustria and Borsa Italiana. Italian Civil Code Royal Decree Law no. 262 of 16 March 1942  as subsequently amended. CONSOB Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa  Italian stock market supervisory authority  with headquarters in Rome  Via G.B. Martini 3. Board or Board of Directors The Nexi Board of Directors. Report Date 6 March 2023  the date of approval of this Report by Nexi's Board of Directors. Legislative Decree no. Legislative Decree no. 231 of 8 June 2001  on the administrative liability 231/2001 of legal entities  companies and associations (including those with no legal status)  as subsequently amended. Eagle or Eagle SCA Eagle (AIBC) & CY SCA  a ""société en commandite par actions"" (partnership limited by shares) under Luxembourg law  with registered office at 2-4  rue Beck  L-1222  Luxembourg  registration no. in the Registre de Commerce et des Societés of Luxembourg B211906. 3Issuer or Nexi or Company Nexi S.p.A.  with headquarters in Milan  Corso Sempione 55  entry in the Registry of Companies of Milan  Monza Brianza and Lodi and Tax Identification Number 09489670969  VAT no. 10542790968. Euronext Milan Euronext Milan  regulated market  organised and run by Borsa Italiana. FTSE Mib The Financial Times Stock Exchange Milano Indice di Borsa. Nets Merger The overall transaction consisting of the cross-border merger by incorporation of Nets Topco 2 into Nexi  which became effective on 1 July 2021. SIA Merger The overall transaction consisting of the merger by incorporation of SIA into Nexi  which became effective on 31 December 2021. Group or Nexi Group Nexi and its subsidiaries  including the companies belonging to the Nets Scope and the SIA Scope. H&F Evergood H&F Lux S.à r.l.  a ""société à responsabilité limitée"" (limited liability company) under Luxembourg law  with registered office at 15  boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen  L-2411  Luxembourg  registration no. in the Registre de Commerce et des Societés of Luxembourg B225755. Mercury Mercury UK Holdco Ltd  a company incorporated under English law  with registered office at 32 Curzon Street  London  United Kingdom  registration no. at the Companies' House of England and Wales 0963808. Mercury Payment Services Mercury Payment Services S.p.A.  (formerly Setefi Services SpA)  Italian public company with headquarters in Milan  Corso Sempione 55  entry in the Registry of Companies of Milan  Monza Brianza and Lodi and Tax Identification Number 08449660581  VAT no. 10542790968. Nets The Luxembourg-based company Nets Topco 2 S.à r.l.  with registered office at 15  boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen  L 2411  Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  registration no. with the Luxembourg Companies Register B218549  incorporated into Nexi as a result of the Nets Merger. Nexi Payments Nexi Payments S.p.A.  an Italian joint-stock company with headquarters in Milan  Corso Sempione 55  entry in the Registry of Companies of Milan  Monza Brianza and Lodi and Tax Identification Number 04107060966  VAT no. 10542790968. Nets Scope The companies of the Nets Group which  on completion of the Nets Merger  have become part of the Nexi Group. SIA Scope The companies  branches and offices of the SIA Group (specializing in the design  implementation and management of infrastructure and technology services dedicated to Financial Institutions  Central Banks  Enterprises and Public Administrations) which  on completion of the SIA Merger  have become part of the Nexi Group. 4Poste Italiane Poste Italiane S.p.A.  with registered office in Viale Europa 190  Rome  registered in the Rome Companies Register under no. 97103880585. Borsa Italiana Rules The Rules of the Markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana. Report on Remuneration The report on remuneration policy and remuneration paid by the Issuer in financial year 2022  drafted pursuant to Article 123-ter TUF. Issuers Regulation The Regulation on issuers adopted by CONSOB by resolution no. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as subsequently amended and supplemented. RPT Regulation The Regulation on related-party transactions  issued by CONSOB by resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010  as subsequently amended and supplemented. Report This Report on corporate governance and ownership structure  drafted pursuant to Article 123-bis TUF. Services HUB Service HUB S.p.A. (formerly  Newco 55 Srl)  with headquarters in Milan  Corso Sempione 55  registered in the Registry of Companies of Milan  Monza Brianza and Lodi  Tax Identification Number and VAT no. 11872280968. SIA SIA S.p.A.  a joint-stock company under Italian law with registered office at Via Francesco Gonin 36/38  Tax Identification Number  VAT no. and entry in the Registry of Companies of Milan  Monza Brianza and Lodi 10596540152  merged into Nexi as a result of the SIA Merger. TUF Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998  as subsequently amended and supplemented. 5INTRODUCTION This Report has been prepared pursuant to Article 123-bis TUF  on the basis of the template updated yearly and published by Borsa Italiana (IX edition - January 2022). In compliance with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code  the Report contains information on the actions undertaken to implement the individual recommendations contained in the principles and application criteria of the Corporate Governance Code over the reporting period. THE ISSUER'S PROFILE AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SYSTEM P ROFILE Nexi's history dates back to 1939  when six Italian banks set up a company (ICBPI - Central Institute of Italian Cooperative Banks) to create a single technological and services infrastructure supporting Italian cooperative banks. In December 2015 with the entry in the shareholding of Mercury Italy Srl1  it started an extensive transformation process  which led to the establishment of Nexi as the banking sector's paytech provider. Over time  the Company has gradually expanded its offer of products and services by organical developments and implementing synergistic takeovers (some of the main ones being CartaSì S.p.A.  Bassilichi S.p.A. and Mercury Payment Services). Nexi has been listed on Euronext Milan since 16 April 2019 and was included in the FTSE Mib index in June 2019. During 2020  the Group completed the takeover of the merchant acquiring business unit of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.. In 2021  the Nexi Group  continuing its steady growth path  completed (i) two important integration transactions through the Nets Merger  i.e. the cross-border merger by incorporation of Nets Topco 2 S.à r.l. into Nexi and the SIA Merger  i.e. the merger by incorporation of SIA S.p.A. into Nexi  described in greater detail below and (ii) the takeover of the book merchant acquiring business unit  formerly UBI Banca S.p.A.  of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.. The Nexi Group operates through the business lines briefly described below: Merchant Solutions The Merchant Solutions Business Unit (""BU"") offers solutions and support to all types of counterparties  providing services and products for accepting digital payments  managing POS payment terminals  acquiring flows and customer care activities. Together with the Partner Banks  the BU focuses on the needs of merchants and support for their activities  supporting every type of business  from small-scale retail to large retail chains  for payments both in person and online. The Group also provides administrative and customer relationship services via Help Line S.p.A.. The services provided by this BU comprise payment acceptance products and services and POS terminal management services. The acquiring business consists of the range of products and services that enable merchants to accept payments through cards or other digital payment instruments belonging to credit or debit circuits (e.g. mobile payments). 1A SPV indirectly held by funds Advent International  Bain Capital and Clessidra. 6POS management services include the configuration  activation and maintenance of POS terminals  their integration with the merchants' accounting software  fraud prevention services  dispute management and customer support services via a dedicated call centre. Nexi operates under different service models  which vary depending on the partner banks  and therefore it covers a wide extent of the value chain. The activities carried out by the Group are managed internally and/or outsourced according to service model. Thanks to the wide range of services offered  the various types of payment accepted  broad geographical coverage and value-added services  the Nexi Group constitutes a one-stop-shop for merchants from various European countries  thanks to its ability to provide merchants with omnichannel integrated solutions covering all needs. In addition  a wide range of value-added services is offered to merchants  according to their size and needs throughout their business life cycle  including  among others  invoice and receipt management  consumer and merchant financing  and loyalty solutions. E-commerce The e-commerce function monitors market trends  analyses and prioritises merchants' needs by customer segment and defines the offer of e-commerce products and services to customers. It is also responsible for planning the development and release of new products and services between the various regions  so as to create unique and modular solutions with the aim of expanding the opportunities and distribution channels for e-commerce services. Issuing Solutions Via this BU  the Group and its partner banks provide a wide range of issuing services  i.e. services relating to the supply  issue and management of private and corporate payment cards  with advanced fraud prevention systems ensuring fast  reliable and secure customer authentication and payments. In addition  the Group provides administrative services such as payment tracking and the production of monthly statements  data analysis and pricing support services  customer support and dispute management services  as well as communication and customer development services through promotional campaigns and loyalty programmes. The Issuing Solutions BU provides services for the issue of payment cards almost exclusively through partner banks (cards issued in partnership with banks). Working with the partner banks  the BU also provides go-to- market and Customer Value Management services  continuing the mission of promoting  incentivising and educating customers on the use of digital payments. Digital Banking Solutions With this business line  the Group provides three types of service: ATM Management  Clearing and Digital Corporate Banking. To cover this range of services  the Digital Banking Solutions BU relies on dedicated professionals (in different roles  such as marketing  sales  ICT and operations) and three internal Digital Factories dedicated to developing application solutions. The Group is responsible for installing and managing ATMs on behalf of partner banks. Of the ATMs managed  more than one third are ""cash-in"" machines  i.e. allowing both cash withdrawals and cash deposits. The service can be on a full-fleet basis  i.e. with full management of the ATM machines  or include only part of the services (outsourcing basis). On the Italian market  the Group also operates as an Automated Clearing House (ACH) for domestic and international payments pursuant to standard interbank regimes. Through a dedicated platform  the Group allows participating banks to exchange flows containing collection and payment instructions  and to calculate 7bilateral and multilateral balances to be settled at a later date. Recently  the Group opened the ""ACH Instant Payments"" service  for the management of instant transfers  which differs from traditional clearing services in terms of speed of execution and 24/7 availability. The Group provides its partner banks' corporate customers with digital banking services for the management of current accounts and payments. For the Scandinavian market  this business unit also provides e-Security and digitisation services. These include the provision of e-Security solutions through MitID (Denmark)  digitisation services enabling customers to simplify workflows and services to support the digital transformation. ** Below is a summary of the main events that led to the Group's current composition and which are also relevant for the purposes of the shareholder agreements in force at the date of this Report. 1. The Nets Merger On 1 July 2021  the cross-border merger by incorporation of Nets Topco 2 S.à r.l. (""Nets"") into Nexi (the ""Nets Merger"") was finalised. As a result of this merger  the Nexi Group  which was already one of the main paytech players in Italy  has also gained a strong presence in some foreign markets  through the former Nets Group companies (which  as a result of the Nets Merger  have become part of the Nexi Group)  opening up the prospect for Nexi of becoming one of the leading paytech companies in Europe as well. In terms of competitive positioning  the Nexi Group  through the companies belonging to the Nets Scope  is one of the leading electronic money service providers  including card issuing and merchant acquiring  in many EEA countries  including Croatia  Denmark  Estonia  Finland  Germany  Norway  Poland  Slovenia and Sweden. Therefore  through the Nets Merger  the Nexi Group has achieved greater presence in regions where the paytech sector is highly advanced or growing rapidly (i.e. Italy  the DACH and EEC/EEA regions and Poland). 2. The SIA Merger and the Push-Down On 16 December 2021  once all the conditions precedent had been met  the deed of merger by incorporation of SIA S.p.A. (""SIA"") into Nexi (the ""SIA Merger"") was executed. The transaction was governed by the agreement signed on 11 February 2021 between Nexi  SIA  CDP Equity  CDPEI (formerly FSIA Investimenti) and Mercury UK  subsequently amended. The SIA Merger  completed at 23:59 on 31 December 2021  will desirably enable Nexi to consolidate its position as an industry leader at European level: the new Group enjoys unique positioning to develop new partnership agreements with the main market players. The SIA Scope includes companies engaged in the design  implementation and management of technological infrastructure and services for financial institutions  banks  companies and public authorities. In addition to Italy  SIA operates in approximately 50 countries (through companies in Austria  the Czech Republic  Croatia  Greece  Romania  Serbia  Slovakia and South Africa; through branches in Belgium  Germany  Hungary  the Netherlands and South Africa; and through offices in the United Kingdom and Poland). In particular  the SIA Merger transaction included a push-down reorganisation (the ""Push-Down"") whereby Nexi Payments would receive the assets  liabilities and contractual relationships of SIA  including Sia's holding in SIApay Srl and in the foreign branches located in Belgium  the Netherlands  Germany and South Africa  on the understanding that the following could not be transferred: (x) SIA's financial debt  transferred to Nexi through the Merger  (y) certain specific non-regulated activities (e.g.  Help Desk & Customer Operations and Card Factory services  as well as part of the above-mentioned branches and any other branch belonging to the SIA group carrying out such activities) which would be transferred to a newly incorporated 8",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Nexi S', 'Corporate Governance', 'ownership structure', 'Report', 'November', '05', '08', 'related Q&A. AB Europe AB Europe', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SYSTEM PROFILE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SYSTEM INFORMATION', 'LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR CORPORATE INFORMATION MANAGEMENT BOARD', 'CDPE CDP Equity S.p.A.', 'CDPEI CDPE Investimenti S.p.A.', 'Italian Civil Code Royal Decree Law', 'FSI Investimenti S.p.A.', 'SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CONTROL', 'FURTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROCEDURES CHANGES', 'INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION ORGANISATIONAL MODEL', 'OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE RESTRICTIONS', 'FUNCTIONS COORDINATION AMONG INTERNAL CONTROL', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Italian stock market supervisory authority', 'INDEPENDENT AUDITORS FINANCIAL REPORTING OFFICER', 'The Consolidated non Financial Statement', ""RISK MANAGEMENT BODIES DIRECTORS' INTERESTS"", 'NEXI S.p.A.', 'Investment S.à r.l.', 'SECURITIES MAJOR SHAREHOLDINGS SECURITIES', 'Via San Marco 21A', 'Via G.B. Martini', 'SPECIAL RIGHTS SHARES HELD', 'EXERCISING VOTING RIGHTS RESTRICTIONS', 'Borsa Italiana stock exchange', 'RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM', 'Italian Consolidated Law', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE', 'Italian stock exchange', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE HEAD', 'other independent authority', 'TREASURY SHARES MANAGEMENT', 'OTHER CORPORATE ROLES', 'COORDINATION ACTIVITIES COMPLIANCE', ""APPOINTMENT COMMITTEE DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION"", ""RIGHTS SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS"", 'EU Member State', 'Piazza degli Affari', 'FINANCIAL YEAR COMMENTS', 'STATUTORY AUDITORS APPOINTMENT', 'Tax Identification Number', 'CONTENTS GLOSSARY INTRODUCTION', 'CONSOB Commissione Nazionale', 'FINANCIAL YEAR TABLE', 'REPLACEMENT COMPOSITION FUNCTIONING', 'limited liability company', 'CONTROL MODEL', 'The Nexi Board', 'Societés', 'TRADITIONAL MANAGEMENT', 'top management', 'Supervisory Authorities', 'INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS', 'OWNERSHIP STRUCTURES', 'control body', 'concentrated ownership', 'Luxembourg law', 'EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS', 'LEGISLATIVE DECREE', 'FUNCTIONING RELATIONS', 'registration number', 'administrative liability', 'DIRECTORS APPOINTMENT', 'Other terms', 'nexigroup.itand', 'eMarket STORAGE', 'RELEVANT PURSUANT', 'CHANGE-OF-CONTROL CLAUSE', 'TAKEOVERS DELEGATION', 'RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS', 'significant shareholder', 'business plan', 'large company', 'sustainable success', 'société', 'rue Beck', 'Registre de', 'Monza Brianza', 'legal entities', 'main terms', 'DIRECTORS COMMITTEES', 'BOARD COMMITTEES', 'storage mechanism', 'ARTICLE 122 TUF', 'listed companies', 'THE END', 'registered office', 'Report Date', 'Società', 'Finance', '6 March', 'public', 'www', 'ISSUER', 'TRANSFER', 'EMPLOYEES', 'PROVISIONS', 'ARTICLES', 'ASSOCIATION', 'POWERS', 'AUTHORISE', 'PURCHASE', 'CHAIR', 'ASSESSMENT', 'SUCCESSION', 'MEETINGS', 'LETTER', '25 JANUARY', '31/12', 'definitions', 'meanings', 'text', 'Reference', 'CEO', 'responsabilité', 'Commerce', 'Bank', 'Italy', 'administration', 'headquarters', 'Milan', 'VAT', 'entry', 'Registry', 'Lodi', 'CNFS', 'Ania', 'Assogestioni', 'Assonime', 'Confindustria', 'Rome', 'approval', '8 June']",2023-11-05,2023-11-06,marketscreener.com
32282,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1107380488/Mithra-Releases-Invitation-To-Its-Extraordinary-Securities-Holders-Meeting,Mithra Releases Invitation To Its Extraordinary Securities Holders' Meeting,Liege  Belgium  06 November 2023 – 17:45 CET – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women's Health announces today that it has published and issued an invitation to its announced1 and conditionally planned for extraordinary securities holders' meeting that will be held on Thursday  23 November 2023   at 2:00 PM (CET).,"Mithra releases invitation to its extraordinary securities holders' meetingLiege  Belgium  06 November 2023 – 17:45 CET – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women's Health announces today that it has published and issued an invitation to its announced1 and conditionally planned for extraordinary securities holders' meeting that will be held on Thursday  23 November 2023   at 2:00 PM (CET).The notice for the extraordinary general meeting (EGM)  including a description of the formalities to participate at the meeting  is available on the website mithra .Admission requirementsAs referred in the meetings' invitation published in the Belgian press  the right to participate in the EGM and to vote is subject to the prior registration of the shares under the relevant shareholder's name by 17 November 2023 at midnight (CET) (the "" Record Date "")  either by way of registration on the company's share register  or either by way of registration in book entry form in an account held with a settlement institution or a certified account holder  without taking into account the number of shares held by the shareholder at the day of the EGM. Only persons who are shareholders on the Record Date are entitled to vote at the EGM.The shareholders must indicate their willingness to participate in the EGM by 17 November 2023 at the latest. This must be done by email to   or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges in 4000 Liège.Right to ask questionsThe directors will answer questions that are asked by the shareholders in writing  before the meeting and concerning the agenda  in accordance with legal provisions. These questions may be asked prior to the EGM by email via or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges in 4000 Liège. These questions must be received by the Company by 17 November 2023 at the latest.Further information relating to the above-mentioned rights and the modalities for exercising them are available on the Company's website ( ).ProxiesShareholders wishing to be represented at the meeting by a proxy holder must send the completed and signed2 proxy form to the Company on 17 November 2023 at the latest  by email  fax or mail to Mithra's headquarters.Further information on the exercise of this right is available on the Company's website ( ). The proxy and voting forms may be obtained on the Company's website ( ) or upon request at the Company's registered office  or by email to .Shareholders wishing to be represented must comply with the registration and confirmation procedure described above.Available documentsAll documents concerning the special and extraordinary general meetings that are required by law to be made available to shareholders as well as the text of the amended articles of association following the approval of the amendments proposed on the agenda may be consulted on the Company's website ( ) as from 06 November 2023. As from the same date  shareholders have the right to consult these documents on business days and during normal office hours  at the Company's registered office and/or  upon display of their securities  obtain copies of these documents free of charge.Requests for copies may also be made  free of charge  by mail (writing) marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège  or by email to .For more information  please contact:",neutral,0.2,0.79,0.01,positive,0.7,0.28,0.02,True,English,"[""Extraordinary Securities Holders' Meeting"", 'Mithra', 'Invitation', ""extraordinary securities holders' meeting"", 'book entry form', 'extraordinary general meetings', 'normal office hours', 'signed2 proxy form', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'certified account holder', 'proxy holder', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Admission requirements', 'Belgian press', 'Record Date', 'share register', 'settlement institution', 'Corporate Secretary', 'rue Saint-Georges', '4000 Liège.', 'legal provisions', 'voting forms', 'confirmation procedure', 'same date', 'business days', ""meetings' invitation"", 'Further information', 'relevant shareholder', 'prior registration', 'Available documents', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '06 November', 'CET', 'MITRA', 'company', 'Women', 'Health', 'Thursday', '2:00 PM', 'notice', 'EGM', 'description', 'formalities', 'website', 'right', 'shares', 'name', '17 November', 'midnight', 'way', 'number', 'persons', 'shareholders', 'willingness', 'email', 'attention', 'questions', 'directors', 'writing', 'agenda', 'accordance', 'modalities', 'Proxies', 'fax', 'headquarters', 'exercise', 'request', 'special', 'law', 'text', 'articles', 'association', 'approval', 'amendments', 'display', 'copies', 'charge']",2023-11-06,2023-11-06,menafn.com
32283,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/article/europe-grains-idUSL8N3C759I,Paris wheat slips on stronger euro  rain and Algeria tender in view,European wheat slipped on Monday as a firmer euro and chart resistance pushed futures back from a one-week high while traders awaited news on rain delays to planting in France and an import tender called by Algeria.,HAMBURG/PARIS  Nov 6 (Reuters) - European wheat slipped on Monday as a firmer euro and chart resistance pushed futures back from a one-week high while traders awaited news on rain delays to planting in France and an import tender called by Algeria.December wheat on Paris-based Euronext ended down 0.5% at 232.25 euros ($249.30) a metric ton  moving away from Friday’s one-week peak of 234.50 euros.Repeated showers in France in the past two weeks have left wheat sowing behind the average pace of recent years  raising early concerns about next year’s harvest.“The rain is a major topic for the French market and Euronext  with the question of whether production potential is being affected ” a futures dealer said.“Today’s price trend is partly technical and also to do with the euro which is holding firm.”Traders were also looking ahead to Tuesday’s Algerian tender to gauge the competitiveness of western European wheat  including French supplies  against Black Sea origins.German traders said the Algerian announcement followed an especially quiet period for the tender market. Jordan is this week also seeking up to 120 000 tons in the country’s first tender since August.“Currently Russian wheat is looking so cheap that it will be a tough call for the EU to make major sales to Algeria ” one German trader said.Algeria is a vital customer for wheat from the European Union  especially France  but Russian exporters have been expanding strongly in the Algerian market.“The main nearby hope for more EU sales is Morocco which has just bought some shipments from Germany and Poland ” the trader said. “There is also hope of more EU sales to China.”Standard 12% protein wheat for November delivery in Hamburg was offered for sale at a premium of about 3 euros over the Euronext December contract. (Reporting by Michael Hogan and Gus Trompiz Editing by Mark Potter),neutral,0.2,0.68,0.12,negative,0.01,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['Paris wheat', 'stronger euro', 'rain', 'Algeria', 'view', 'past two weeks', 'Black Sea origins', 'main nearby hope', 'Standard 12% protein wheat', 'Euronext December contract', 'western European wheat', 'one German trader', 'December wheat', 'European Union', 'chart resistance', 'import tender', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'metric ton', 'one-week peak', 'Repeated showers', 'average pace', 'recent years', 'early concerns', 'next year', 'major topic', 'French market', 'production potential', 'price trend', 'Algerian tender', 'French supplies', 'Algerian announcement', 'quiet period', 'tender market', 'to 120,000 tons', 'first tender', 'Russian wheat', 'tough call', 'major sales', 'vital customer', 'Russian exporters', 'Algerian market', 'November delivery', 'Michael Hogan', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Mark Potter', 'German traders', 'EU sales', 'firmer euro', 'rain delays', 'futures dealer', 'HAMBURG/PARIS', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'news', 'France', '232.25 euros', 'Friday', '234.50 euros', 'harvest', 'question', 'Tuesday', 'competitiveness', 'Jordan', 'country', 'August', 'Morocco', 'shipments', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'China', 'premium', '3 euros']",2023-11-06,2023-11-06,reuters.com
32284,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/alps-alpine-recognized-stellantis-north-130200402.html,Alps Alpine Recognized as Stellantis' North American Supplier of the Year,Alps Alpine North America  Inc. announced today that it was named Stellantis' North American Supplier of the Year during the Company's third annual Global Supplier Awards ceremony at the Conner Center in Detroit.,"AUBURN HILLS  Mich.  Nov. 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Alps Alpine North America  Inc. announced today that it was named Stellantis' North American Supplier of the Year during the Company's third annual Global Supplier Awards ceremony at the Conner Center in Detroit.President and CEO of Alps Alpine North America  Robert Hill  accepts the North American Supplier of the Year award.Alps Alpine was recognized for their collaboration and partnership in creating industry-leading products  including Premium Audio Systems  as well as for their innovation and technology in new products. This is the second Supplier of the Year award Alps Alpine has received from Stellantis.""We are honored to be recognized by Stellantis as the top supplier in North America "" said Robert Hill  President and CEO of Alps Alpine North America. ""This award recognizes the superior efforts and dedication of the entire Alps Alpine team that supports our Stellantis business and programs.""""We extend our heartfelt congratulations to this year's 'Supplier of the Year' winners whose dedication and impeccable standards have helped us navigate challenges and achieve new heights "" said Maxime Picat  Chief Purchasing and Supply Chain Officer  Stellantis. ""Their collaborative spirit  exceptional performance  uncompromising quality  and timely delivery of parts and services have been integral to our achievements.""The 2023 Global Supplier Awards recognized 40 suppliers around the world for their outstanding commitment  performance  quality  and operational excellence in 2022. Suppliers were selected by cross-functional leadership teams at Stellantis to receive the ""Supplier of the Year"" award.Alps Alpine  a leading manufacturer of electronic components and automotive infotainment systems  has brought the world numerous ""First 1"" and ""Number 1"" products since its founding in 1948. The Alps Alpine Group currently operates 110 bases in 26 countries and regions  supplying roughly 40 000 different products and solutions to around 2 000 companies worldwide. Those offerings include devices such as switches  sensors  data communication modules  touch input panels  actuators and power inductors; electronic shifters  remote keyless entry systems and other automotive units; consumer electronics like car navigation and audio-visual systems; and systems and services such as digital keys based on smartphone app and blockchain technology  and remote monitoring.Story continuesStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.CONTACTS:Alps Alpine North America Media ContactAllison Saundersasaunders@alpsalpine.com(586) 719-8966CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alps-alpine-recognized-as-stellantis-north-american-supplier-of-the-year-301977942.htmlSOURCE Alps Alpine North America  Inc.",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"[""Stellantis' North American Supplier"", 'Alps Alpine', 'Year', 'third annual Global Supplier Awards ceremony', 'Alps Alpine North America Media Contact', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'SOURCE Alps Alpine North America', 'The 2023 Global Supplier Awards', 'entire Alps Alpine team', 'The Alps Alpine Group', 'remote keyless entry systems', 'North American Supplier', 'Supply Chain Officer', 'cross-functional leadership teams', 'data communication modules', 'touch input panels', 'other automotive units', 'Allison Saunders asaunders', 'Premium Audio Systems', 'automotive infotainment systems', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'remote monitoring', 'audio-visual systems', 'second Supplier', 'top supplier', 'Citroën', 'AUBURN HILLS', 'Conner Center', 'Robert Hill', 'industry-leading products', 'new products', 'superior efforts', 'heartfelt congratulations', 'impeccable standards', 'new heights', 'Maxime Picat', 'Chief Purchasing', 'collaborative spirit', 'exceptional performance', 'timely delivery', 'operational excellence', 'leading manufacturer', 'electronic components', 'Number 1"" products', '40,000 different products', 'power inductors', 'electronic shifters', 'consumer electronics', 'car navigation', 'digital keys', 'smartphone app', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'original content', 'uncompromising quality', 'blockchain technology', 'Stellantis business', 'Year award', 'Mich.', 'PRNewswire', 'Inc.', 'Detroit', 'President', 'CEO', 'collaboration', 'partnership', 'innovation', 'dedication', 'programs', 'winners', 'challenges', 'Their', 'parts', 'services', 'achievements', '40 suppliers', 'world', 'founding', '110 bases', '26 countries', 'regions', 'solutions', '2,000 companies', 'offerings', 'devices', 'switches', 'sensors', 'actuators', 'Story', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'alpsalpine', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'stellantis-north-american-supplier', '2022']",2023-11-06,2023-11-06,uk.finance.yahoo.com
32285,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-11/60569098-cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-015.htm,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 200 000 100 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.180 GBP1.028 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.170 GBP1.010 Volume ...,The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 200 000 100 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.180 GBP1.028 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.170 GBP1.010 Volume ...,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.79,0.21,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', '100,000 Highest price', 'ordinary share', 'Lowest price', 'shares', 'Volume']",2023-11-06,2023-11-06,finanznachrichten.de
