UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57455,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,http://www.crikey.com.au/2026/09/23/donald-trump-sell-america-us-treasury-bonds-iran-war/,The ‘Sell America’ trade is back as Trump turbulence drives other countries away,Foreign governments were somewhat relaxed about Donald Trump's economic chaos — until it spilled over globally via the disastrous Iran war. They've fled US bonds in droves since then.The post The ‘Sell America’ trade is back as Trump turbulence drives other …,Foreign governments were somewhat relaxed about Donald Trump’s economic chaos — until it spilled over globally via the disastrous Iran war. They’ve fled US bonds in droves since then.In a more inflationary world in the wake of the pandemic  an accelerating climate crisis  geopolitical conflict and the onshoring of supply chains  smart governments would get their fiscal house in order and look to global financial markets for stability and security. And the countries already with an advantage in that area would be doubling down and reaping the benefits of offering sanctuary in a more volatile world.But the United States — the ultimate haven in the post-war world — has decided to upend that logic and instead offer chaos  economic stupidity and global turbulence as its key brand for investors. Other countries are responding by ditching the US.In 2025  Donald Trump’s disordered economic policies fuelled what was called a “Sell America” trade: investors outside the US ditching US investments to avoid the uncertainty of the Mad King’s obsession with what turned out to be unlawful tariffs. Not so fast  America boosters countered — you should actually be part of the “Buy America” group instead.Through the rest of the year and into early 2026  financial markets seemed to adopt a more sanguine view of Trump’s debacles. But then in February came one they couldn’t ignore  with Trump being gulled by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu into a disastrous war against Iran  one of the costliest geopolitical decisions since Russian President Vladimir Putin assumed he could seize Ukraine in a matter of days in 2022.Seven months later  with the price of oil still around US$100 a barrel  Saudi pipelines in flames and the Iranian regime entrenched and eager to use its capacity to throttle oil supplies  the world now faces the possibility of depleted reserves and constrained supplies producing a genuine oil shock. This was a wholly unnecessary addition to existing drivers of inflation  pushing prices up globally and in the US.Independent. Irreverent. In your inbox Get the headlines they don’t want you to read. Sign up to Crikey’s free newsletters for fearless reporting  sharp analysis  and a touch of chaos. By continuing  you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.Global oil prices are up more than 40% since the final day of February. Petrol prices have surged to more than US$4.40 a gallon in the US (in some states they topped US$5 a gallon)  while diesel prices in the US are at record highs  hitting a monster US$6.50 a gallon. This is flowing through to the cost of transport  goods  farming  mining and other areas of industry. US consumer price inflation has jumped from 2.4% in February to 3.4% last month  and the yield on 10-year Treasury bonds briefly rose to 5% last week from 3.94% on February 27  the day before Trump and Israel attacked Iran.The US Federal Reserve has already responded with one rate rise  and there are perhaps more to come. Trump’s decision to plunge into a wholly miscalculated war has become an inflationary sliding-doors moment. As AMP’s Shane Oliver said  “Were it not for Trump’s tariffs and war with Iran  the Fed may have cut again by now!”The return of the “Sell America” trade has helped fuel the extended rise in bond yields  with foreign investors abandoning US bonds since the Iran debacle commenced. Total foreign holdings (both government and private) of US bonds fell to US$9.248 trillion in July  from the most recent high of US$9.487 trillion in February. Most of that selling came from governments and other official bodies  which hold around 40% of all foreign holdings of US bonds. Across 2025  foreign ownership of US bonds actually rose  but that came to a shuddering halt once the bombs began falling.Total Japanese holdings — which account for around 30% of all foreign government ownership of US bonds — have fallen by more than 10%  fueled by a reversal of the decades-long yen carry trade that saw investors borrow dirt-cheap Japanese money to invest in more rewarding assets elsewhere  including Treasury bonds. With inflation returning to Japan — and a rapidly ageing population — Japanese investors are ditching the US and returning their money onshore.The decline in Chinese holdings from US$694 billion to US$618 billion is of equal proportion. China has been selling off US bonds steadily since 2022 and the Russian invasion of Ukraine  as part of Xi Jinping’s effort to neutralise any Western points of leverage over China  but that process accelerated sharply after February. Compared with the all-time high of US$1.3 trillion recorded in November 2013  China’s US bond holdings have now fallen by 50% and are back to levels last seen in 2008.The fall has come as China has racked up trillions of dollars in trade surpluses  part of a successful campaign to diversify away from the increasingly hostile US market. Some of that surplus has been invested in gold and other assets  but some analysts wonder if more is being hidden offshore  such as with so-called third-party custodians like Euroclear in Belgium and Clearstream in Luxembourg.Meanwhile  France  Canada  South Korea and the Saudis — whom Trump had refused to help against mounting Houthi attacks  once again demonstrating the contempt with which Trump treats allies other than Israel — have also cut back their exposure to US government debt since February. This decline in enthusiasm for US debt has meant the US Treasury has had to sell more bonds and bills (shorter duration borrowings of a year or less) into the huge US domestic market to make up for the lack of appetite among foreign buyers.Markets are now expecting that Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent will resort to offering a trillion US dollars’ worth of Treasury bills  rather than bonds  over the next year to fund debt. By selling sub-one-year loans rather than longer-dated debt  Bessent is effectively gambling that interest rates won’t rise further. That will take the share of the shorter-term loans well above Treasury’s long-term goal  to levels only previously seen in the financial crisis and the pandemic.If Trump’s forever war continues and delivers a genuine oil shock  Bessent’s gamble might leave him facing higher interest rates when US$1 trillion in Treasury bills mature from next year. And if the Iranians are somehow placated and oil starts flowing freely again  what’s the guarantee that Trump won’t find yet another way to demonstrate that the US is now the biggest problem in the global economy?,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.07,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Sell America’ trade', 'Trump turbulence', 'other countries', 'Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'decades-long yen carry trade', 'The US Federal Reserve', 'US consumer price inflation', 'accelerating climate crisis', 'Buy America” group', 'Sell America” trade', 'costliest geopolitical decisions', 'one rate rise', 'inflationary sliding-doors moment', 'disordered economic policies', 'Total Japanese holdings', 'genuine oil shock', 'other official bodies', 'hostile US market', 'Total foreign holdings', 'global financial markets', 'dirt-cheap Japanese money', '10-year Treasury bonds', 'US bond holdings', 'Global oil prices', 'foreign government ownership', 'disastrous Iran war', 'Russian invasion', 'trade surpluses', 'foreign ownership', 'global turbulence', 'America boosters', 'Chinese holdings', 'geopolitical conflict', 'extended rise', 'bond yields', 'economic stupidity', 'inflationary world', 'disastrous war', 'oil supplies', 'other areas', 'other assets', 'US bonds', 'Japanese investors', 'Foreign governments', 'supply chains', 'fiscal house', 'ultimate haven', 'key brand', 'US investments', 'Mad King', 'sanguine view', 'Saudi pipelines', 'Iranian regime', 'depleted reserves', 'constrained supplies', 'unnecessary addition', 'existing drivers', 'free newsletters', 'fearless reporting', 'sharp analysis', 'Privacy Policy', 'final day', 'Petrol prices', 'diesel prices', 'record highs', 'Shane Oliver', 'shuddering halt', 'rewarding assets', 'ageing population', 'equal proportion', 'Xi Jinping', 'Western points', 'successful campaign', 'third-party custodians', 'volatile world', 'post-war world', 'Other countries', 'foreign investors', 'economic chaos', 'smart governments', 'Iran debacle', 'United States', 'unlawful tariffs', 'recent high', 'Donald Trump', 'droves', 'wake', 'pandemic', 'onshoring', 'stability', 'security', 'advantage', 'benefits', 'sanctuary', 'logic', 'uncertainty', 'obsession', 'rest', 'early 2026', 'debacles', 'February', 'Ukraine', 'matter', 'days', 'flames', 'capacity', 'possibility', 'inbox', 'headlines', 'Crikey', 'touch', 'Terms', 'Conditions', 'gallon', 'monster', 'transport', 'goods', 'farming', 'mining', 'industry', 'miscalculated', 'return', 'private', 'July', 'selling', 'bombs', 'reversal', 'decline', 'China', 'effort', 'leverage', 'process', 'November', 'levels', 'fall', 'trillions', 'dollars', 'gold', 'analysts', 'Eu', '3.']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,crikey.com.au
57456,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nemak-sab-de-cv-announces-results-of-tender-offer-and-consent-solicitation-for-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-2-250-senior-notes-due-2028--302887302.html,Nemak  S.A.B. de C.V. Announces Results of Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation for Any and All of Its Outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes Due 2028,"MONTERREY  Mexico  Sept. 23  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- NEMAK  S.A.B. de C.V. (the ""Company"") announced today that the previously announced cash tender offer and consent solicitation (the ""Offer"") for any and all of its outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes due 2028 (Reg…","MONTERREY  Mexico  Sept. 23  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- NEMAK  S.A.B. de C.V. (the ""Company"") announced today that the previously announced cash tender offer and consent solicitation (the ""Offer"") for any and all of its outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes due 2028 (Regulation S Notes: ISIN XS2362994068 / Common Code 236299406; Rule 144A Notes: ISIN XS2362996519 / Common Code 236299651) (the ""Notes"") expired on September 22  2026 at 11:00 a.m.  New York time (5:00 p.m.  Central European Time) (the ""Expiration Date"").The Company further announced that as of the Expiration Date  the Company had received tenders and consents (not validly withdrawn or revoked) from the holders of approximately €446 911 000  or 89.38%  of the total outstanding principal amount of the Notes.The consents received by the Company exceeded the amount needed to approve the proposed amendments to the indenture under which the Notes were issued (the ""Indenture""). Based on the receipt of the consents  the Company intends to execute a supplemental indenture (the ""Supplemental Indenture"") to the Indenture to implement the Proposed Amendments (as defined below). The Supplemental Indenture  once operative  will eliminate the Company's obligation to comply with substantially all of the restrictive covenants contained in the Indenture  certain events of default and certain additional covenants and rights contained in the Notes and the Indenture  and will shorten (i) the minimum notice period to noteholders required for a redemption from 30 days to three (3) Business Days prior to the redemption date; and (ii) the minimum period to provide an officers' certificate to the Trustee in connection with the redemption from 45 days to three (3) Business Days prior to the redemption date (the ""Proposed Amendments""). The Supplemental Indenture will not become operative until the Company deposits the Total Consideration (as defined below)  in immediately available funds  with Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking  société anonyme  as applicable  in respect of the tendered Notes  which is expected to occur on the Settlement Date (as defined below). The Supplemental Indenture will thereafter be binding on the holders of Notes not purchased in the Offer.The Company intends to purchase all Notes validly tendered (and not validly withdrawn) and accept all consents validly delivered (and not validly revoked) at or prior to the Expiration Date on September 24  2026 (the ""Settlement Date"")  pursuant to the offer to purchase and consent solicitation statement dated September 15  2026 (as amended or supplemented from time to time  the ""Offer Document"")  previously distributed to holders of the Notes. On the Settlement Date  holders of the Notes who validly tendered (and did not validly withdraw) their Notes at or prior to the Expiration Date will receive  for each €1 000 principal amount of Notes tendered  an amount in cash in euro equal to €1 000 (the ""Total Consideration"")  in addition to accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Settlement Date  plus additional amounts thereon  if any.In accordance with the terms of the Offer  withdrawal rights with respect to the tendered Notes and delivered consents expired at 11:00 a.m.  New York time (5:00 p.m.  Central European Time) on September 22  2026. Accordingly  holders may not withdraw Notes previously or hereafter tendered  or revoke consents previously delivered  except as required by law.All conditions described in the Offer Document for the acceptance for purchase and payment for the Notes validly tendered (and not validly withdrawn) pursuant to the Offer were satisfied or waived on or prior to the Expiration Date.On or after the Settlement Date  the Company intends  but is not obliged to  issue a notice of redemption with respect to all Notes that remained outstanding following the Settlement Date  in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. Neither the Offer Document nor this press release constitute a notice of redemption or an obligation to issue a notice of redemption.Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. was the dealer manager and solicitation agent (the ""Dealer Manager"") for the Offer. D.F. King Ltd. was appointed as the tender  tabulation and information agent (the ""Tender Agent"") for the Offer.Any questions or requests for assistance in connection with the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Manager:Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.250 Vesey StreetNew York  New York 10281United States of AmericaAttention: Liability Management GroupCollect: +1 (212) 225-5559Toll-free: +1 (800) 372-3930Email: [email protected]Holders of Notes may also contact the Tender Agent:D.F. King Ltd.51 Lime Street  LondonEC3M 7DQ  United KingdomBanks and brokers call:+44 20 7920 9700Offer Website: https://clients.dfkingltd.com/nemak/Email: [email protected]Forward-Looking StatementsThis release may contain certain ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks  uncertainties and changes in circumstances  which may cause actual results  performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results  performance or achievements. All statements contained herein that are not clearly historical in nature are forward-looking and the words ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""expect""  ""estimate""  ""plan"" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. More detailed information about these and other factors is set forth in the Offer Document.About the CompanyNemak  S.A.B. de C.V. is a publicly traded variable capital stock corporation (sociedad anónima bursátil de capital variable) incorporated on December 6  1993  in San Pedro Garza García  Nuevo León  Mexico. Since its incorporation  it has operated under the corporate names Acciones Corporativas de México  S.A. de C.V.  Tenedora Nemak  S.A. de C.V.  and Nemak  S.A. de C.V.  adopting its current corporate name  Nemak  S.A.B. de C.V.  in 2015 in connection with its listing on the Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores). Although Nemak  S.A.B. de C.V. was incorporated in 1993  its operations date back to 1981 and  through its subsidiary Nemak México  S.A.  incorporated on March 12  1979  it has evolved into a leading provider of innovative lightweighting solutions for the global automotive industry  specializing in the development and manufacturing of multi-material components for e-mobility  structure & chassis  and ICE powertrain applications.SOURCE Nemak  S.A.B. de C.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.45,0.18,0.37,True,English,"['S.A.B. de C.V.', 'Outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes Due 2028', 'Tender Offer', 'Consent Solicitation', 'Nemak', 'Results', 'United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'S.A.B. de C.V.', 'D.F. King Ltd.', 'total outstanding principal amount', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Regulation S Notes', 'Central European Time', 'three (3) Business Days', 'Liability Management Group', 'outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes', 'New York time', 'Rule 144A Notes', 'The Supplemental Indenture', 'minimum notice period', 'cash tender offer', 'United Kingdom', 'minimum period', '€1,000 principal amount', 'Total Consideration', 'Tender Agent', 'Common Code', 'Expiration Date', 'restrictive covenants', 'additional covenants', ""officers' certificate"", 'Clearstream Banking', 'société', 'Settlement Date', 'solicitation statement', 'unpaid interest', 'additional amounts', 'Scotia Capital', 'dealer manager', 'solicitation agent', 'information agent', '250 Vesey Street', '51 Lime Street', 'EC3M 7DQ', 'current expectations', 'Proposed Amendments', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'consent solicitation', 'ISIN XS2362994068', 'withdrawal rights', 'press release', 'Offer Document', 'Offer Website', 'redemption date', '11:00 a', '30 days', '45 days', 'MONTERREY', 'Mexico', 'PRNewswire', 'NEMAK', 'Company', 'September', 'tenders', 'consents', 'holders', 'receipt', 'obligation', 'events', 'default', 'Trustee', 'connection', 'funds', 'respect', 'accrued', 'accordance', 'terms', 'law', 'conditions', 'acceptance', 'purchase', 'payment', 'USA', 'Inc.', 'tabulation', 'questions', 'requests', 'assistance', 'America', 'Attention', 'Email', 'London', 'Banks', 'brokers', 'clients', 'meaning', '5:00']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,prnewswire.com
57457,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,http://www.crikey.com.au/2026/09/23/donald-trump-sell-america-us-treasury-bonds-iran-war/,The ‘Sell America’ trade is back as Trump turbulence drives other countries away,Foreign governments were somewhat relaxed about Donald Trump's economic chaos — until it spilled over globally via the disastrous Iran war. They've fled US bonds in droves since then.The post The ‘Sell America’ trade is back as Trump turbulence drives other …,Foreign governments were somewhat relaxed about Donald Trump’s economic chaos — until it spilled over globally via the disastrous Iran war. They’ve fled US bonds in droves since then.In a more inflationary world in the wake of the pandemic  an accelerating climate crisis  geopolitical conflict and the onshoring of supply chains  smart governments would get their fiscal house in order and look to global financial markets for stability and security. And the countries already with an advantage in that area would be doubling down and reaping the benefits of offering sanctuary in a more volatile world.But the United States — the ultimate haven in the post-war world — has decided to upend that logic and instead offer chaos  economic stupidity and global turbulence as its key brand for investors. Other countries are responding by ditching the US.In 2025  Donald Trump’s disordered economic policies fuelled what was called a “Sell America” trade: investors outside the US ditching US investments to avoid the uncertainty of the Mad King’s obsession with what turned out to be unlawful tariffs. Not so fast  America boosters countered — you should actually be part of the “Buy America” group instead.Through the rest of the year and into early 2026  financial markets seemed to adopt a more sanguine view of Trump’s debacles. But then in February came one they couldn’t ignore  with Trump being gulled by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu into a disastrous war against Iran  one of the costliest geopolitical decisions since Russian President Vladimir Putin assumed he could seize Ukraine in a matter of days in 2022.Seven months later  with the price of oil still around US$100 a barrel  Saudi pipelines in flames and the Iranian regime entrenched and eager to use its capacity to throttle oil supplies  the world now faces the possibility of depleted reserves and constrained supplies producing a genuine oil shock. This was a wholly unnecessary addition to existing drivers of inflation  pushing prices up globally and in the US.Independent. Irreverent. In your inbox Get the headlines they don’t want you to read. Sign up to Crikey’s free newsletters for fearless reporting  sharp analysis  and a touch of chaos. By continuing  you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.Global oil prices are up more than 40% since the final day of February. Petrol prices have surged to more than US$4.40 a gallon in the US (in some states they topped US$5 a gallon)  while diesel prices in the US are at record highs  hitting a monster US$6.50 a gallon. This is flowing through to the cost of transport  goods  farming  mining and other areas of industry. US consumer price inflation has jumped from 2.4% in February to 3.4% last month  and the yield on 10-year Treasury bonds briefly rose to 5% last week from 3.94% on February 27  the day before Trump and Israel attacked Iran.The US Federal Reserve has already responded with one rate rise  and there are perhaps more to come. Trump’s decision to plunge into a wholly miscalculated war has become an inflationary sliding-doors moment. As AMP’s Shane Oliver said  “Were it not for Trump’s tariffs and war with Iran  the Fed may have cut again by now!”The return of the “Sell America” trade has helped fuel the extended rise in bond yields  with foreign investors abandoning US bonds since the Iran debacle commenced. Total foreign holdings (both government and private) of US bonds fell to US$9.248 trillion in July  from the most recent high of US$9.487 trillion in February. Most of that selling came from governments and other official bodies  which hold around 40% of all foreign holdings of US bonds. Across 2025  foreign ownership of US bonds actually rose  but that came to a shuddering halt once the bombs began falling.Total Japanese holdings — which account for around 30% of all foreign government ownership of US bonds — have fallen by more than 10%  fueled by a reversal of the decades-long yen carry trade that saw investors borrow dirt-cheap Japanese money to invest in more rewarding assets elsewhere  including Treasury bonds. With inflation returning to Japan — and a rapidly ageing population — Japanese investors are ditching the US and returning their money onshore.The decline in Chinese holdings from US$694 billion to US$618 billion is of equal proportion. China has been selling off US bonds steadily since 2022 and the Russian invasion of Ukraine  as part of Xi Jinping’s effort to neutralise any Western points of leverage over China  but that process accelerated sharply after February. Compared with the all-time high of US$1.3 trillion recorded in November 2013  China’s US bond holdings have now fallen by 50% and are back to levels last seen in 2008.The fall has come as China has racked up trillions of dollars in trade surpluses  part of a successful campaign to diversify away from the increasingly hostile US market. Some of that surplus has been invested in gold and other assets  but some analysts wonder if more is being hidden offshore  such as with so-called third-party custodians like Euroclear in Belgium and Clearstream in Luxembourg.Meanwhile  France  Canada  South Korea and the Saudis — whom Trump had refused to help against mounting Houthi attacks  once again demonstrating the contempt with which Trump treats allies other than Israel — have also cut back their exposure to US government debt since February. This decline in enthusiasm for US debt has meant the US Treasury has had to sell more bonds and bills (shorter duration borrowings of a year or less) into the huge US domestic market to make up for the lack of appetite among foreign buyers.Markets are now expecting that Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent will resort to offering a trillion US dollars’ worth of Treasury bills  rather than bonds  over the next year to fund debt. By selling sub-one-year loans rather than longer-dated debt  Bessent is effectively gambling that interest rates won’t rise further. That will take the share of the shorter-term loans well above Treasury’s long-term goal  to levels only previously seen in the financial crisis and the pandemic.If Trump’s forever war continues and delivers a genuine oil shock  Bessent’s gamble might leave him facing higher interest rates when US$1 trillion in Treasury bills mature from next year. And if the Iranians are somehow placated and oil starts flowing freely again  what’s the guarantee that Trump won’t find yet another way to demonstrate that the US is now the biggest problem in the global economy?,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.07,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Sell America’ trade', 'Trump turbulence', 'other countries', 'Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'decades-long yen carry trade', 'The US Federal Reserve', 'US consumer price inflation', 'accelerating climate crisis', 'Buy America” group', 'Sell America” trade', 'costliest geopolitical decisions', 'one rate rise', 'inflationary sliding-doors moment', 'disordered economic policies', 'Total Japanese holdings', 'genuine oil shock', 'other official bodies', 'hostile US market', 'Total foreign holdings', 'global financial markets', 'dirt-cheap Japanese money', '10-year Treasury bonds', 'US bond holdings', 'Global oil prices', 'foreign government ownership', 'disastrous Iran war', 'Russian invasion', 'trade surpluses', 'foreign ownership', 'global turbulence', 'America boosters', 'Chinese holdings', 'geopolitical conflict', 'extended rise', 'bond yields', 'economic stupidity', 'inflationary world', 'disastrous war', 'oil supplies', 'other areas', 'other assets', 'US bonds', 'Japanese investors', 'Foreign governments', 'supply chains', 'fiscal house', 'ultimate haven', 'key brand', 'US investments', 'Mad King', 'sanguine view', 'Saudi pipelines', 'Iranian regime', 'depleted reserves', 'constrained supplies', 'unnecessary addition', 'existing drivers', 'free newsletters', 'fearless reporting', 'sharp analysis', 'Privacy Policy', 'final day', 'Petrol prices', 'diesel prices', 'record highs', 'Shane Oliver', 'shuddering halt', 'rewarding assets', 'ageing population', 'equal proportion', 'Xi Jinping', 'Western points', 'successful campaign', 'third-party custodians', 'volatile world', 'post-war world', 'Other countries', 'foreign investors', 'economic chaos', 'smart governments', 'Iran debacle', 'United States', 'unlawful tariffs', 'recent high', 'Donald Trump', 'droves', 'wake', 'pandemic', 'onshoring', 'stability', 'security', 'advantage', 'benefits', 'sanctuary', 'logic', 'uncertainty', 'obsession', 'rest', 'early 2026', 'debacles', 'February', 'Ukraine', 'matter', 'days', 'flames', 'capacity', 'possibility', 'inbox', 'headlines', 'Crikey', 'touch', 'Terms', 'Conditions', 'gallon', 'monster', 'transport', 'goods', 'farming', 'mining', 'industry', 'miscalculated', 'return', 'private', 'July', 'selling', 'bombs', 'reversal', 'decline', 'China', 'effort', 'leverage', 'process', 'November', 'levels', 'fall', 'trillions', 'dollars', 'gold', 'analysts', 'Eu', '3.']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,crikey.com.au
57458,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nemak-sab-de-cv-announces-results-of-tender-offer-and-consent-solicitation-for-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-2-250-senior-notes-due-2028--302887302.html,Nemak  S.A.B. de C.V. Announces Results of Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation for Any and All of Its Outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes Due 2028,"MONTERREY  Mexico  Sept. 23  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- NEMAK  S.A.B. de C.V. (the ""Company"") announced today that the previously announced cash tender offer and consent solicitation (the ""Offer"") for any and all of its outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes due 2028 (Reg…","MONTERREY  Mexico  Sept. 23  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- NEMAK  S.A.B. de C.V. (the ""Company"") announced today that the previously announced cash tender offer and consent solicitation (the ""Offer"") for any and all of its outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes due 2028 (Regulation S Notes: ISIN XS2362994068 / Common Code 236299406; Rule 144A Notes: ISIN XS2362996519 / Common Code 236299651) (the ""Notes"") expired on September 22  2026 at 11:00 a.m.  New York time (5:00 p.m.  Central European Time) (the ""Expiration Date"").The Company further announced that as of the Expiration Date  the Company had received tenders and consents (not validly withdrawn or revoked) from the holders of approximately €446 911 000  or 89.38%  of the total outstanding principal amount of the Notes.The consents received by the Company exceeded the amount needed to approve the proposed amendments to the indenture under which the Notes were issued (the ""Indenture""). Based on the receipt of the consents  the Company intends to execute a supplemental indenture (the ""Supplemental Indenture"") to the Indenture to implement the Proposed Amendments (as defined below). The Supplemental Indenture  once operative  will eliminate the Company's obligation to comply with substantially all of the restrictive covenants contained in the Indenture  certain events of default and certain additional covenants and rights contained in the Notes and the Indenture  and will shorten (i) the minimum notice period to noteholders required for a redemption from 30 days to three (3) Business Days prior to the redemption date; and (ii) the minimum period to provide an officers' certificate to the Trustee in connection with the redemption from 45 days to three (3) Business Days prior to the redemption date (the ""Proposed Amendments""). The Supplemental Indenture will not become operative until the Company deposits the Total Consideration (as defined below)  in immediately available funds  with Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking  société anonyme  as applicable  in respect of the tendered Notes  which is expected to occur on the Settlement Date (as defined below). The Supplemental Indenture will thereafter be binding on the holders of Notes not purchased in the Offer.The Company intends to purchase all Notes validly tendered (and not validly withdrawn) and accept all consents validly delivered (and not validly revoked) at or prior to the Expiration Date on September 24  2026 (the ""Settlement Date"")  pursuant to the offer to purchase and consent solicitation statement dated September 15  2026 (as amended or supplemented from time to time  the ""Offer Document"")  previously distributed to holders of the Notes. On the Settlement Date  holders of the Notes who validly tendered (and did not validly withdraw) their Notes at or prior to the Expiration Date will receive  for each €1 000 principal amount of Notes tendered  an amount in cash in euro equal to €1 000 (the ""Total Consideration"")  in addition to accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Settlement Date  plus additional amounts thereon  if any.In accordance with the terms of the Offer  withdrawal rights with respect to the tendered Notes and delivered consents expired at 11:00 a.m.  New York time (5:00 p.m.  Central European Time) on September 22  2026. Accordingly  holders may not withdraw Notes previously or hereafter tendered  or revoke consents previously delivered  except as required by law.All conditions described in the Offer Document for the acceptance for purchase and payment for the Notes validly tendered (and not validly withdrawn) pursuant to the Offer were satisfied or waived on or prior to the Expiration Date.On or after the Settlement Date  the Company intends  but is not obliged to  issue a notice of redemption with respect to all Notes that remained outstanding following the Settlement Date  in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. Neither the Offer Document nor this press release constitute a notice of redemption or an obligation to issue a notice of redemption.Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. was the dealer manager and solicitation agent (the ""Dealer Manager"") for the Offer. D.F. King Ltd. was appointed as the tender  tabulation and information agent (the ""Tender Agent"") for the Offer.Any questions or requests for assistance in connection with the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Manager:Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.250 Vesey StreetNew York  New York 10281United States of AmericaAttention: Liability Management GroupCollect: +1 (212) 225-5559Toll-free: +1 (800) 372-3930Email: [email protected]Holders of Notes may also contact the Tender Agent:D.F. King Ltd.51 Lime Street  LondonEC3M 7DQ  United KingdomBanks and brokers call:+44 20 7920 9700Offer Website: https://clients.dfkingltd.com/nemak/Email: [email protected]Forward-Looking StatementsThis release may contain certain ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks  uncertainties and changes in circumstances  which may cause actual results  performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results  performance or achievements. All statements contained herein that are not clearly historical in nature are forward-looking and the words ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""expect""  ""estimate""  ""plan"" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. More detailed information about these and other factors is set forth in the Offer Document.About the CompanyNemak  S.A.B. de C.V. is a publicly traded variable capital stock corporation (sociedad anónima bursátil de capital variable) incorporated on December 6  1993  in San Pedro Garza García  Nuevo León  Mexico. Since its incorporation  it has operated under the corporate names Acciones Corporativas de México  S.A. de C.V.  Tenedora Nemak  S.A. de C.V.  and Nemak  S.A. de C.V.  adopting its current corporate name  Nemak  S.A.B. de C.V.  in 2015 in connection with its listing on the Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores). Although Nemak  S.A.B. de C.V. was incorporated in 1993  its operations date back to 1981 and  through its subsidiary Nemak México  S.A.  incorporated on March 12  1979  it has evolved into a leading provider of innovative lightweighting solutions for the global automotive industry  specializing in the development and manufacturing of multi-material components for e-mobility  structure & chassis  and ICE powertrain applications.SOURCE Nemak  S.A.B. de C.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.45,0.18,0.37,True,English,"['S.A.B. de C.V.', 'Outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes Due 2028', 'Tender Offer', 'Consent Solicitation', 'Nemak', 'Results', 'United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'S.A.B. de C.V.', 'D.F. King Ltd.', 'total outstanding principal amount', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Regulation S Notes', 'Central European Time', 'three (3) Business Days', 'Liability Management Group', 'outstanding 2.250% Senior Notes', 'New York time', 'Rule 144A Notes', 'The Supplemental Indenture', 'minimum notice period', 'cash tender offer', 'United Kingdom', 'minimum period', '€1,000 principal amount', 'Total Consideration', 'Tender Agent', 'Common Code', 'Expiration Date', 'restrictive covenants', 'additional covenants', ""officers' certificate"", 'Clearstream Banking', 'société', 'Settlement Date', 'solicitation statement', 'unpaid interest', 'additional amounts', 'Scotia Capital', 'dealer manager', 'solicitation agent', 'information agent', '250 Vesey Street', '51 Lime Street', 'EC3M 7DQ', 'current expectations', 'Proposed Amendments', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'consent solicitation', 'ISIN XS2362994068', 'withdrawal rights', 'press release', 'Offer Document', 'Offer Website', 'redemption date', '11:00 a', '30 days', '45 days', 'MONTERREY', 'Mexico', 'PRNewswire', 'NEMAK', 'Company', 'September', 'tenders', 'consents', 'holders', 'receipt', 'obligation', 'events', 'default', 'Trustee', 'connection', 'funds', 'respect', 'accrued', 'accordance', 'terms', 'law', 'conditions', 'acceptance', 'purchase', 'payment', 'USA', 'Inc.', 'tabulation', 'questions', 'requests', 'assistance', 'America', 'Attention', 'Email', 'London', 'Banks', 'brokers', 'clients', 'meaning', '5:00']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,prnewswire.com
57459,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://fortune.com/2026/09/23/zcash-record-high-1600-token-privacy-narrative-investors/,Zcash hits record high of $1 600 as token’s privacy narrative strikes chord with investors,The cryptocurrency has surged amid the launch of a new European exchange-traded product.,Zcash has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of crypto’s broader market rally. On Wednesday  the privacy-focused asset briefly surpassed $1 600 to reach a new 10-year high. It has gained 88% over the past month  according to CoinGecko data.The rally coincided with Bitcoin’s brief move above $87 000  a level not seen since January  as the broader crypto market advanced. Solana  XRP and Hyperliquid have also posted notable gains over the past week  but none matched Zcash’s performance: The token rose more than 28% this week alone.“ZEC rose from outside the top 80 cryptocurrencies by market cap to the top 10 over the course of 2026 ” David Lawant  head of research at crypto platform Anchorage Digital  told Fortune in a written statement.Zcash’s recent outperformance has drawn particular attention  and several factors may be contributing to its rise.The cryptocurrency has attracted growing interest from crypto users who prioritize financial privacy. Unlike Bitcoin  it allows users to conceal transaction information  including the sender  recipient and amount  through zero-knowledge cryptography. Supporters argue that the cryptocurrency combines Bitcoin’s fixed supply with greater privacy than Bitcoin’s public ledger provides. They also argue that the expansion of artificial intelligence could increase the potential for government surveillance  strengthening the case for private digital payments.“It’s one of the few major assets seen as retaining the original cypherpunk ethos that some investors feel has faded from crypto’s more prominent  institutionalized names ” Lawant added.Zcash has also received a recent institutional boost. On Tuesday  crypto asset manager 21Shares launched a Zcash exchange-traded product listed on Euronext Paris and Euronext Amsterdam. The move reflected the growing relevance of on-chain privacy for professional fund managers  said Maximiliaan Michielsen  a senior investment strategist at 21Shares.“As capital moves on-chain  investors need the same confidentiality they rely on in traditional markets  where off-exchange venues handle a huge portion of volume  rather than radical transparency that exposes positions to front-running  AI surveillance  or quantum threats ” Michielsen told Fortune in a written statement.Prominent crypto investors have added to the attention surrounding Zcash. Investment firm Multicoin Capital disclosed a significant ZEC position earlier this year  while Cypherpunk Technologies  a publicly traded Zcash treasury company backed by the Winklevoss twins  has accumulated ZEC and invested in Zcash mining. The moves reflect investor interest in Zcash’s fixed supply and optional transaction privacy.More broadly  macro political and economic developments have helped boost crypto asset prices. In August  the sector staged a surprise rally after the Treasury Department announced it would double purchases of older  long-term government bonds  helping crypto assets reclaim levels not seen in months. Even developments that would traditionally weigh on the market  including Congress’s failure to pass the CLARITY Act  a bill that would regulate crypto market structure  the Federal Reserve’s decision to raise interest rates  and September’s history as a seasonally weak month for crypto  have not been enough to push prices lower.,neutral,0.03,0.81,0.15,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['privacy narrative', 'Zcash', 'record', 'token', 'investors', 'older, long-term government bonds', 'crypto assets reclaim levels', 'prominent, institutionalized names', 'professional fund managers', 'private digital payments', 'original cypherpunk ethos', 'recent institutional boost', 'senior investment strategist', 'front-running, AI surveillance', 'crypto asset manager', 'broader crypto market', 'crypto market structure', 'optional transaction privacy', 'significant ZEC position', 'Zcash exchange-traded product', 'broader market rally', 'Zcash treasury company', 'Prominent crypto investors', 'crypto asset prices', 'government surveillance', 'major assets', 'privacy-focused asset', 'Anchorage Digital', 'recent outperformance', 'transaction information', 'Investment firm', 'Cypherpunk Technologies', 'Treasury Department', 'market cap', 'crypto platform', 'financial privacy', 'greater privacy', 'biggest beneficiaries', 'new 10-year', 'past month', 'CoinGecko data', 'notable gains', 'past week', 'top 80 cryptocurrencies', 'several factors', 'growing interest', 'zero-knowledge cryptography', 'public ledger', 'artificial intelligence', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'growing relevance', 'same confidentiality', 'traditional markets', 'exchange venues', 'huge portion', 'radical transparency', 'quantum threats', 'Winklevoss twins', 'investor interest', 'macro political', 'surprise rally', 'CLARITY Act', 'Federal Reserve', 'interest rates', 'weak month', 'crypto users', 'chain privacy', 'Zcash mining', 'brief move', 'David Lawant', 'written statement', 'particular attention', 'Maximiliaan Michielsen', 'Multicoin Capital', 'fixed supply', 'economic developments', 'Wednesday', 'Bitcoin', 'January', 'Solana', 'XRP', 'Hyperliquid', 'none', 'token', 'course', 'head', 'research', 'Fortune', 'cryptocurrency', 'sender', 'recipient', 'amount', 'Supporters', 'expansion', 'potential', 'case', 'Tuesday', '21Shares', 'volume', 'positions', 'moves', 'August', 'sector', 'purchases', 'months', 'Congress', 'failure', 'bill', 'decision', 'September', 'history']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,fortune.com
57460,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://decrypt.co/379105/zcash-wall-street-europe-first-etp,Zcash's Wall Street Moment Reaches Europe With Its First ETP Listing,21Shares listed Europe's first Zcash exchange-traded product on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam this week as ZEC continues its banner year.,Add Decrypt as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google.In brief 21Shares listed Europe's first Zcash exchange-traded product on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam on Sept. 22  trading as ZCASH with a 2.5% annual fee.ZEC spiked to an intraday high near $1 680 on Wednesday before sliding back to roughly $1 522  a pullback of about 6.6% on the session.The European debut follows Grayscale's Zcash ETF (ZCSH)  which launched Aug. 25 on NYSE Arca and completes a 3-for-1 share split on Sept. 30.The cypherpunk favorite Zcash continues to find interest among traditional investors. 21Shares listed Europe's first Zcash exchange-traded product on Euronext Paris and Euronext Amsterdam on Sept. 22.The physically backed fund trades under the ticker ZCASH and charges a 2.5% annual management fee  well above what most Bitcoin and Ether ETPs charge on the same exchanges.The listing arrived alongside a companion product tracking ETHFI  the governance token of restaking protocol ether.fi  carrying the same fee. Both funds hold the underlying tokens with institutional custodians rather than tracking a futures contract  and 21Shares named BitGo as custodian for the Zcash product.ZCASH trades in euros in Paris and in dollars in Amsterdam. The fund launched small: 5 000 securities outstanding  a net asset value of $20.04 per unit  and about $100 000 in assets under management on day one  according to 21Shares' own factsheet.What the Zcash product means for investorsZcash is a privacy coin that allows its users to shield balances and transfers  unlike more traditional crypto assets like Bitcoin and Ethereum  which are transparent by default. It’s been on a tear this year  with ZEC gaining by over 2 700% as investors pile into the “Bitcoin  but private” trade.For investors who've already decided they want Zcash exposure  the ETP removes the operational headache of buying it directly. There's no crypto exchange account to open and no private keys to lose track of—mismanage those and the coins are gone for good  a risk the ETP sidesteps by trading through the same brokerage account someone already uses for stocks or bonds.That convenience comes at a cost higher than a plain Bitcoin or Ethereum fund would charge  and because the product is physically backed rather than synthetic  the fee also covers custody of an asset most institutional custodians handle far less often than BTC or ETH.21Shares is betting regulated demand for privacy-coin exposure justifies it  following the same logic that pushed Grayscale to convert its nine-year-old Zcash Trust into the ZCSH ETF on NYSE Arca in August.Zcash forks Bitcoin's code and keeps its 21 million coin cap  proof-of-work mining  and halving schedule  but adds optional shielded transactions that hide the sender  receiver  and amount. Coinholders voted 98.9% last week to keep that Bitcoin-style halving model—a baked-in mechanism that keeps inflation in check over time—over smoother issuance  an outcome the ETP now gives European brokerage investors exposure to as well.Privacy  so hot right nowZEC has experienced astronomical gains over the last year  and the ETP listing added fresh fuel Tuesday. The token pushed past $1 600  touched an intraday high near $1 680 on Wednesday  then eased back to roughly $1 522—a slide of about 6.6% today.Despite the brief correction today  all available data suggests the bullish sentiment for ZEC is real and potentially lasting.ZEC's market cap sits near $27.5 billion  the ninth-largest among crypto assets  while Grayscale's ZCSH—which has pulled in more than $233 million and now holds close to $890 million in assets—completes its 3-for-1 share split on Sept. 30.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.34,0.5,True,English,"['Wall Street Moment', 'First ETP Listing', 'Zcash', 'Europe', 'first Zcash exchange-traded product', 'The European debut', '3-for-1 share split', 'optional shielded transactions', 'crypto exchange account', 'restaking protocol ether', 'Bitcoin-style halving model', 'same brokerage account', 'cypherpunk favorite Zcash', 'nine-year-old Zcash Trust', 'net asset value', '21 million coin cap', 'European brokerage investors', 'traditional crypto assets', '2.5% annual management fee', 'Zcash product', '2.5% annual fee', 'Ether ETPs', 'companion product', 'halving schedule', 'market cap', 'same exchanges', 'same fee', 'same logic', 'Zcash ETF', 'ZCASH trades', 'traditional investors', 'preferred source', 'intraday high', 'NYSE Arca', 'underlying tokens', 'institutional custodians', 'futures contract', 'privacy coin', 'private” trade', 'operational headache', 'private keys', 'smoother issuance', 'astronomical gains', 'last year', 'fresh fuel', 'available data', 'bullish sentiment', 'Zcash exposure', 'Euronext Paris', 'fund trades', 'privacy-coin exposure', 'governance token', 'brief correction', 'most Bitcoin', 'plain Bitcoin', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ZCSH ETF', 'Ethereum fund', 'ETP listing', 'Decrypt', 'stories', 'Google', '21Shares', 'Sept.', 'ZEC', 'Wednesday', 'pullback', 'session', 'Grayscale', 'Aug', 'interest', 'ticker', 'ETHFI', 'funds', 'euros', 'dollars', '5,000 securities', 'unit', 'factsheet', 'users', 'balances', 'transfers', 'default', 'tear', 'track', 'coins', 'risk', 'someone', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'convenience', 'cost', 'custody', 'BTC', 'demand', 'code', 'work', 'mining', 'sender', 'receiver', 'amount', 'Coinholders', 'mechanism', 'inflation', 'check', 'outcome', 'slide']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,decrypt.co
57461,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fmc-corporation-and-tessenderlo-group-complete-minority-equity-investment-302887740.html,FMC Corporation and Tessenderlo Group Complete Minority Equity Investment,PHILADELPHIA  Sept. 23  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Corporation (NYSE: FMC)  a leading global agricultural sciences company  and Tessenderlo Group (XBRU: TESB)  a Belgian-based industrial group  today announced the closing of a minority equity investment by Tess…,"PHILADELPHIA  Sept. 23  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Corporation (NYSE: FMC)  a leading global agricultural sciences company  and Tessenderlo Group (XBRU: TESB)  a Belgian-based industrial group  today announced the closing of a minority equity investment by Tessenderlo Group in FMC. The companies entered into a definitive agreement on June 30  2026  and have satisfied all required closing conditions and regulatory approvals.Under the terms of the transaction  Tessenderlo Group purchased 30 319 166 shares of FMC common stock at a price of $13.30 per share  for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $403 million. Tessenderlo Group now owns approximately 20.0% of FMC's outstanding common stock.As part of the investment  Tessenderlo Group has the right to nominate one independent director to the FMC Board of Directors and has nominated Luc Tack  chief executive officer of Tessenderlo Group. Tessenderlo Group has also agreed to customary standstill restrictions for so long as it owns FMC shares and is subject to a three-year lock-up period.BofA Securities and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC served as financial advisors and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP served as legal counsel to FMC Corporation.Stibbe BV/SRL and Sullivan & Cromwell LLP served as legal advisors to Tessenderlo Group NV.About FMCFMC Corporation is a global agricultural sciences company dedicated to helping growers produce food  feed  fiber and fuel for an expanding world population while adapting to a changing environment. FMC's innovative crop protection solutions – including biologicals  crop nutrition  digital and precision agriculture – enable growers and crop advisers to address their toughest challenges economically while protecting the environment. FMC is committed to discovering new herbicide  insecticide and fungicide active ingredients  product formulations and pioneering technologies that are consistently better for the planet. Visit fmc.com to learn more and follow us on LinkedIn®.About Tessenderlo GroupTessenderlo Group is an industrial group that focuses on agriculture  valorising bio-residuals  machinery  mechanical engineering  electronics  energy  and providing industrial solutions with a focus on water. With its headquarters in Belgium  the group is active in over 100 countries and it has a global team of approximately 7 000 employees. Its belief that ""Every Molecule Counts"" is at the heart of the strategy of the group: Tessenderlo Group continually strives to valorise its products and processes to the maximum and to add value to everything it does. In 2025  Tessenderlo Group recorded a consolidated revenue of 2.8 billion EUR. Tessenderlo Group is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Next 150 and BEL Mid indices. Financial News wires: Bloomberg: TESB BB - Reuters: TESB.BR - Datastream: B:Tes. For more information about Tessenderlo Group  its people  its brands  and its results  please visit www.tessenderlo.com.FMC DisclaimerStatement under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: FMC and its representatives may from time to time make written or oral statements that are ""forward-looking"" and provide other than historical information  including statements contained in this press release  information regarding the proposed transaction  the ability to negotiate a leaseback agreement  any impact on FMC's research operations  and the expected timing of and proceeds from the proposed transaction.In some cases  FMC has identified these forward-looking statements by such words or phrases as ""outlook""  ""will likely result "" ""is confident that "" ""expect "" ""expects "" ""should "" ""could "" ""may "" ""will continue to "" ""believe "" ""believes "" ""anticipates "" ""predicts "" ""forecasts "" ""estimates "" ""projects "" ""potential "" ""intends"" or similar expressions identifying ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including the negative of those words or phrases. Such forward-looking statements are based on our current views and assumptions regarding future events  future business conditions and the outlook for the company based on currently available information. The forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any results  levels of activity  performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement  including risks relating to the proposed transaction and the risk that the proposed transaction is not successfully completed. These statements are qualified by reference to the risk factors included in Part I  Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2025 (the ""2025 Form 10-K"")  the section captioned ""Forward-Looking Information"" in Part II of the 2025 Form 10-K and to similar risk factors and cautionary statements in all other reports and forms filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC""). We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date made. Forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the above cautionary statement.We specifically decline to undertake any obligation  and specifically disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements that have been made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events  except as may be required by law.Tessenderlo Group DisclaimerThis document may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the views of management regarding future events at the date of this document. Furthermore  they involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be different from any results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Tessenderlo Group provides the information in this press release as at the date of publication and  subject to applicable legislation  does not undertake any obligation to update  clarify or correct any forward-looking statements contained in this press release in light of new information  future events or otherwise. Tessenderlo Group disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties (including any employees who are not explicitly mandated by Tessenderlo Group) and  subject to applicable legislation  does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release it issues.SOURCE FMC Corporation",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.26,0.57,True,English,"['Tessenderlo Group Complete Minority Equity Investment', 'FMC Corporation', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'leading global agricultural sciences company', 'innovative crop protection solutions', 'outstanding common stock', 'one independent director', 'chief executive officer', 'customary standstill restrictions', 'three-year lock-up period', 'expanding world population', 'BEL Mid indices', 'Safe Harbor Provisions', 'Financial News wires', 'minority equity investment', 'aggregate purchase price', 'future business conditions', 'FMC common stock', 'Belgian-based industrial group', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Tessenderlo Group NV', 'similar risk factors', 'global team', 'industrial solutions', 'BofA Securities', 'financial advisors', 'similar expressions', 'future events', 'crop advisers', 'definitive agreement', 'closing conditions', 'regulatory approvals', 'Luc Tack', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Co. LLC', 'Davis Polk', 'Wardwell LLP', 'legal counsel', 'Stibbe BV/SRL', 'Cromwell LLP', 'legal advisors', 'toughest challenges', 'new herbicide', 'active ingredients', 'product formulations', 'pioneering technologies', 'mechanical engineering', 'Molecule Counts', 'consolidated revenue', 'Euronext Brussels', 'B:Tes', 'press release', 'leaseback agreement', 'research operations', 'current views', 'other factors', 'Item 1A', 'Annual Report', 'Form 10-K', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'oral statements', 'cautionary statements', 'Forward-Looking Information', 'TESB BB', 'TESB.BR', 'other reports', 'historical information', 'available information', 'FMC Corporation', 'FMC Board', 'fmc.com', 'FMC Disclaimer', 'changing environment', 'precision agriculture', 'unknown risks', 'Part I', 'actual results', 'proposed transaction', 'FMC shares', '30,319,166 shares', 'PHILADELPHIA', 'PRNewswire', 'NYSE', 'XBRU', 'companies', 'June', 'terms', 'right', 'Directors', 'Sullivan', 'growers', 'food', 'feed', 'fiber', 'fuel', 'biologicals', 'nutrition', 'digital', 'insecticide', 'fungicide', 'planet', 'LinkedIn®', 'bio-residuals', 'machinery', 'electronics', 'energy', 'focus', 'water', 'headquarters', 'Belgium', '100 countries', '7,000 employees', 'belief', 'heart', 'strategy', 'products', 'processes', 'maximum', 'value', 'everything', 'Next 150', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Datastream', 'people', 'brands', 'representatives', 'time', 'written', 'ability', 'impact', 'expected', 'timing', 'proceeds', 'cases', 'words', 'phrases', 'outlook', 'expects', 'predicts', 'forecasts', 'projects', 'meaning', 'negative', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'levels', 'activity', 'performance', 'achievements', 'reference', 'December', 'section', 'forms', 'readers']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,prnewswire.com
57462,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://coinjournal.net/news/zcash-holds-above-1600-as-shielded-activity-and-fund-inflows-surge/,Zcash holds above $1 600 as shielded activity and fund inflows surge,Key takeaways Zcash remains above $1 600 after gaining 10% during the previous session. Weekly shielded transactions reached 62 379  their highest level since 2022. The newer Ironwood pool accounted for 55 549 of the shielded transactions recorded last week. …,Key takeawaysZcash remains above $1 600 after gaining 10% during the previous session.Weekly shielded transactions reached 62 379  their highest level since 2022.The newer Ironwood pool accounted for 55 549 of the shielded transactions recorded last week.A confirmed breakout above $1 700 could put the $2 000 psychological level in focus  while $1 595 is the nearest support.Zcash (ZEC) continued its rally on Wednesday  trading around $1 619 after gaining 7.5% during the previous session.Rising use of the network’s privacy features and stronger demand for regulated ZEC investment products are supporting the token’s positive price action.The privacy-focused cryptocurrency is also approaching the upper boundary of a bullish channel near $1 700.Momentum indicators remain constructive without showing excessively overbought conditions  allowing buyers to attempt another breakout.A decisive move above $1 700 could carry ZEC into price discovery and bring the $2 000 psychological threshold into view.Failure to clear the resistance  however  could trigger a retreat toward support around $1 595 or the $1 422–$1 424 region.Zcash Shielded activity reaches four-year highZcash’s latest rally has coincided with increased use of its shielded transaction system  which allows users to conceal certain transaction details.Data from Blockworks shows that the network processed 62 379 shielded transactions last week. That was the highest weekly total recorded in four years  suggesting that demand for Zcash’s privacy functionality is increasing alongside its price.The Ironwood pool accounted for 55 549 of those transactions  representing approximately 89% of the weekly total. The concentration of activity in the newer pool indicates that users are increasingly adopting the latest version of Zcash’s shielded infrastructure.Unlike transparent blockchain transactions  shielded transfers can use cryptographic proofs to verify that a transaction is valid without publicly exposing all of its underlying information. This functionality is central to Zcash’s value proposition as a privacy-oriented network.Increasing shielded activity may provide a stronger fundamental basis for ZEC’s rally because it suggests that network usage is rising rather than the price move being driven entirely by speculation.One strong week does not establish a sustained adoption trend  however. Shielded transaction volumes will need to remain elevated over a longer period to demonstrate that the increase represents a durable change in user behavior.Institutional investment products have provided another source of support for Zcash. Grayscale’s ZEC-focused product recorded $32.81 million in inflows on Tuesday  according to SoSoValue data. The inflow lifted the product’s net assets under management to approximately $979.48 million.The sizeable daily increase indicates growing investor demand for ZEC exposure through a regulated investment vehicle. Such products allow investors to follow the token’s performance without independently purchasing  storing  and securing it.Zcash has also gained additional institutional exposure in Europe. 21Shares recently launched a ZEC-focused exchange-traded product on Euronext  expanding the range of regulated channels through which investors can access the privacy token.The combination of inflows into Grayscale’s product and the availability of the new 21Shares ETP points to improving institutional confidence. Continued inflows could reduce the amount of ZEC circulating freely in the market and support prices if demand remains strong.Nevertheless  investment-product flows can reverse quickly. Traders will need to determine whether Tuesday’s inflow marks the beginning of a sustained trend or reflects a temporary response to ZEC’s recent price performance.Zcash approaches $1 700 channel resistanceZcash was trading around $1 619 on Wednesday  maintaining its bullish short-term structure.On the four-hour chart  ZEC remains comfortably above its major exponential moving averages. The 50-period EMA stands near $1 424  the 100-period EMA is around $1 295  and the 200-period EMA sits at approximately $1 108.Trading above all three averages shows that buyers remain in control across multiple short-term time frames. Their bullish alignment also provides several potential layers of support if the token experiences a pullback.ZEC is now approaching a descending resistance line connecting the August 23 and September 19 highs. That barrier is situated near $1 700.Meanwhile  a rising trendline connecting the September 2 and September 16 lows forms the lower boundary of a bullish channel. The structure indicates that buyers have repeatedly entered the market at progressively higher prices.A confirmed breakout above the channel resistance could strengthen the rally and push ZEC into price-discovery territory. Under that scenario  the next notable target would be the round-number level at $2 000  representing a potential gain of roughly 25% from $1 600.A breakout should ideally be supported by increasing trading volume and a sustained close above $1 700. A brief move beyond the resistance followed by a rapid reversal could instead signal a failed breakout.Zcash’s momentum indicators continue to support the bullish outlook. The Moving Average Convergence Divergence indicator remains in positive territory and has crossed above its signal line. The crossover suggests that upward momentum is strengthening as ZEC tests the upper boundary of its channel.The Relative Strength Index stands near 63. The reading is above the neutral midpoint of 50 but below the conventional overbought level of 70  indicating strong momentum without suggesting that the rally is excessively stretched.If ZEC fails to overcome $1 700  its first support sits near $1 595  corresponding with the September 19 high. Holding that former resistance as support would keep the immediate breakout thesis intact.Below $1 595  the next important area lies between $1 422 and $1 424. That zone combines the September 18 low with the four-hour chart’s 50-period EMA  making it a stronger potential support region during a deeper correction.For now  rising shielded usage  institutional inflows  and constructive technical signals support the upside bias. The next decisive test is whether buyers can convert the $1 700 resistance into support and extend the rally toward $2 000.,neutral,0.0,0.93,0.06,positive,0.71,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['fund inflows', 'Zcash', 'activity', 'multiple short-term time frames', 'major exponential moving averages', 'regulated ZEC investment products', 'regulated investment vehicle', 'One strong week', 'Institutional investment products', 'next notable target', 'The Ironwood pool', 'stronger fundamental basis', 'several potential layers', 'positive price action', 'newer Ironwood pool', 'additional institutional exposure', 'transparent blockchain transactions', 'sustained adoption trend', '2.81 million in inflows', 'sizeable daily increase', 'new 21Shares ETP', 'descending resistance line', 'shielded transaction system', 'Shielded transaction volumes', 'growing investor demand', 'bullish short-term structure', 'highest weekly total', 'Increasing shielded activity', 'ZEC-focused exchange-traded product', 'recent price performance', 'Weekly shielded transactions', 'Zcash Shielded activity', 'newer pool', 'Such products', 'regulated channels', 'sustained trend', 'three averages', 'institutional confidence', 'highest level', '62,379 shielded transactions', 'shielded transfers', 'potential gain', 'increasing trad', 'stronger demand', 'bullish channel', 'transaction details', 'ZEC-focused product', 'bullish alignment', 'price discovery', 'price move', 'Key takeaways', 'previous session', '$2,000 psychological level', 'privacy features', 'privacy-focused cryptocurrency', 'upper boundary', 'Momentum indicators', 'overbought conditions', 'decisive move', '$2,000 psychological threshold', 'latest version', 'cryptographic proofs', 'underlying information', 'value proposition', 'longer period', 'durable change', 'user behavior', 'net assets', 'Continued inflows', 'investment-product flows', 'temporary response', '$1,700 channel resistance', 'four-hour chart', '50-period EMA', '100-period EMA', '200-period EMA', 'rising trendline', 'lower boundary', 'price-discovery territory', 'round-number level', 'ZEC exposure', 'September 19 highs', 'September 16 lows', 'Rising use', 'four years', 'privacy functionality', 'privacy-oriented network', 'network usage', 'SoSoValue data', 'higher prices', 'nearest support', 'latest rally', 'privacy token', 'breakout', 'Wednesday', 'buyers', 'view', 'Failure', 'retreat', '422–$1,424 region', 'users', 'Blockworks', 'concentration', 'infrastructure', 'speculation', 'source', 'Grayscale', 'Tuesday', 'management', 'investors', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'range', 'combination', 'availability', 'amount', 'market', 'Traders', 'beginning', 'control', 'pullback', 'August 23', 'barrier', 'scenario']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,coinjournal.net
57463,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.ibtimes.com.au/lakefront-biotherapeutics-shares-rise-after-galapagos-rebrand-1875794,Lakefront Biotherapeutics Shares Jump 7.36% as Former Galapagos NV Continues Its Ongoing Corporate Reinvention,Lakefront Biotherapeutics shares rose 7.36% on Euronext Amsterdam as investors continued to assess the former Galapagos NV's rebrand  strategic changes and financial outlook.,AMSTERDAM — Shares in Lakefront Biotherapeutics NV rose 7.36% to €28.30 on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange Wednesday  adding €1.94  as the company formerly known as Galapagos NV continued trading act… [+5099 chars],neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Lakefront Biotherapeutics Shares', 'Former Galapagos NV', 'Ongoing Corporate Reinvention', 'Lakefront Biotherapeutics NV', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'Galapagos NV', 'trading act', 'Shares', 'company', '5099 chars']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,ibtimes.com.au
57464,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.naftemporiki.gr/english/2165337/greek-shipping-upgrades-athens-shipbuilding-boom-and-euronext-athens-listings-draw-global-financial-giants/,Greek shipping upgrades Athens: Shipbuilding boom and Euronext Athens listings draw global financial giants,Greece’s shipowning sector is attracting the international banking community in Athens. A massive shipbuilding programme approaching 1 000 vessels  a series of corporate bond issues and  above all  strong interest from…Greek shipping upgrades Athens: Shipbui…,Greece’s shipowning sector is attracting the international banking community in Athens. A massive shipbuilding programme approaching 1 000 vessels  a series of corporate bond issues and  above all  strong interest from…Greek shipping upgrades Athens: Shipbui…,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Greek shipping upgrades', 'global financial giants', 'Euronext Athens listings', 'Shipbuilding boom', 'international banking community', 'massive shipbuilding programme', 'corporate bond issues', 'Greek shipping upgrades', 'shipowning sector', 'strong interest', 'Greece', 'Athens', '1,000 vessels', 'series']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,naftemporiki.gr
57465,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/09/23/k-m-in-new-york-who-he-will-meet-what-he-will-do-alexis-thinking-on-windfall-taxes-what-did-you-just-say-tzitzikostas-bougatsa-summit/,K.M. in New York (Who He Will Meet  What He Will Do)  Alexis’ Thinking on Windfall Taxes (What Did You Just Say?)  Tzitzikostas’ Bougatsa Summit,///The post K.M. in New York (Who He Will Meet  What He Will Do)  Alexis’ Thinking on Windfall Taxes (What Did You Just Say?)  Tzitzikostas’ Bougatsa Summit appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom September 23 02:09Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleGreetings  Mitsotakis has wrapped up his meetings in San Francisco and is now in New York  where his program begins today. At a quick glance  I would say that it is not so much the political meetings — although today he may have a brief meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney — as his meetings with major firms and banks. Today  for example  he is scheduled to meet with major U.S. banks  following his appearance at an event with members of the Greek diaspora. We are talking about Bank of America and Citigroup.Afternoon Coffee with the WSJ—I’m staying with Mitsotakis’ schedule  and particularly with the things that have not been announced  as I understand that today (U.S. time) he will also go for an afternoon coffee with the Wall Street Journal Editorial Board  between 47th and 48th Avenues in New York. It is obvious that foreign media are interested in the case of Greece  which is “scoring” well in the bond markets and attracting billionaires and fund owners as tax residents  such as Chris Rokos. In general  K.M. has a narrative that foreigners are now readily buying into. Indicative of this is the fact that on Friday Mitsotakis will give an interview on Bloomberg’s morning show  shortly before the markets open.Stranded at the Ambassador’s Residence—Among the things left out of the Greek delegation’s U.S. trip is the ordeal politicians and journalists went through on their way to New York on Monday night  as they were unable to land on the United flight at Newark and the flight was diverted to Washington. Among the passengers were Environment Minister Stavros Papastavrou and Mitsotakis’ close associate Aristotelia Peloni  who has arranged several of the prime minister’s meetings in the United States. The result of the minor ordeal was that our ambassador to the U.S.  Antonis Alexandridis  opened the ambassadorial residence to host the Greeks who had been stranded there and who eventually departed yesterday on another flight for the Big Apple.Alexis and Refinery Windfall Taxes—Well  yesterday’s announcements by our long-suffering Alexis about taxing the windfall profits of the refineries are very interesting. And that is because until now he had systematically avoided saying anything about the issue  since  as is well known  the president has never wanted to upset the big names of Greek industry  particularly the energy sector. I learned from a heavyweight source (as we say  an unquestionable one) that yesterday Alexis was asked  “Why… did you throw us under the bus?” or something along those lines. And here is what I learned that the dear man replied: I proposed four ways to the government to raise money from the energy market or reduce taxes and ease the burden on consumers’ wallets. I didn’t only talk about the windfall profits of the refineries  they can do the other three  he reportedly said  and in that way he seemed to be saying… let this cup pass from me. Very good  eh?Tzitzikostas’ “Summit”—While the Summit of European leaders in mid-October is still pending  yesterday Greece’s European Commissioner Apostolos Tzitzikostas made the spectacular announcement that  if the situation worsens  he will request an extraordinary meeting of the EU Council of Ministers to take measures. Apart from the catchy headline  however  he did not clarify which ministers he would ask to convene. Energy ministers? Finance ministers  headed by Pierrakakis? Unless the European Transport Ministers (the body he can convene) are going to solve the energy crisis…Insistence on Western Macedonia—The Thessaloniki International Fair may be over and the tours by the “blue” government officials may have ended  but the government is showing particular attention to Western Macedonia  which is struggling because of decarbonization and the so-called “just transition.” It is no coincidence that Deputy Prime Minister Kostis Hatzidakis is heading there again today  visiting Florina  Ptolemaida and Kozani  with discussions on infrastructure projects  investments and the progress of the transition. The visit begins at the Florina Swimming Pool  followed by a meeting on the Xino Nero–Ptolemaida road  while in the afternoon he will hold a meeting at the Region of Western Macedonia and with PPC officials. The program will conclude with the opening of the Western Macedonia Trade  Industrial and Agricultural Exhibition  where he may well hear complaints again about agricultural issues and the AADE platform  for which a few days’ extension has been granted  as there was an issue with the aerial photographs corresponding to the declared plots of agricultural land.The Good and Bad News for Industry—Quite a few developments are coming out of the industrial sector these days. Starting with the positive ones  I learned on Tuesday that the first meeting of the legislative drafting committee for business parks was held at the Ministry of Development. The committee includes representatives of the Ministry of Environment and Energy  the Ministry of Development and ministry officials  whose main task is to improve the 2022 law  which delivered the maximum possible results  and create a new one. The committee’s job is to organize the spaces that will accommodate production and transform informal industrial concentrations into organized zones with shared infrastructure. Through the new legislative intervention  the goal is to create a business park in every prefecture of the country over the next ten years. The Ministry of Development is investing heavily in supporting industry  something that is already producing results  as 60 000 new jobs have been created in the sector in recent years  while the development of industry will also be a central issue on the agenda of Takis Theodorikakos  who is heading to Brussels today for the meeting of the EU development ministers. On the other hand  although it is not connected to the Ministry of Development’s portfolio and is primarily directed at the Environment Ministry  industry associations sent an urgent letter to the government yesterday  as they see a difficult energy winter just around the corner and are calling for measures on industrial electricity  arguing that the measures taken so far are inadequate. In their letter  the 700 energy-intensive industries  which are mainly in the manufacturing sector  warn that the competitive advantage of Greek manufacturing will be significantly affected and are asking the government to incorporate new European tools aimed at addressing temporary price increases caused by the wars.G. Stournaras in Buenos Aires—The Governor of the Bank of Greece  Yannis Stournaras  has been invited by his counterpart  Governor of the Central Bank of Argentina Santiago Bausili  to speak on November 16 in Buenos Aires  as part of a major international conference on economic and monetary policy. The title of his speech will be “Greece: From the Great Economic Crisis to a Model to Follow ” with the Governor of the Bank of Greece presenting the course of the Greek economy from the period of deep crisis and doubts over its sustainability to today’s picture of an economy that has largely restored its fiscal and financial credibility. The choice of topic is not accidental. Just a few years ago  Greece was at the center of the European and international economic crisis  facing an unprecedented fiscal and financial ordeal and the risk of bankruptcy. The country had to implement a series of difficult adjustments  address serious weaknesses in the state and the economy  and gradually restore the confidence of the markets and European institutions.Who Is Next?—If an investor with €1 billion for business software had appeared a year ago  conventional wisdom would have said to look in India  Israel or Scandinavia. No one would have assumed that a fund with $110 billion under management would pay 22 times the operating earnings of a Greek enterprise software group  something that represents a major success for Olympia Group and P. Germanos. Hg  with its first investment in the country  is acquiring 70% of EntersoftOne at a valuation of “slightly above €1 billion ” against EBITDA of €44 million and revenue of €136 million in 2025. The transaction did not surprise readers of this column  who were informed about the deal in good time. The rest of the market was expecting it  simply not at this price. Hg revealed its three selection criteria. Mandatory B2B electronic invoicing through myDATA creates demand by law  with around 90 000 customers generating subscription revenue. The transition to the cloud with Artificial Intelligence  which Hg Catalyst will finance. There is also a fourth criterion that no one mentioned. Olympia Group bought Entersoft in 2024  at €8 per share  when the combined group had revenue of around €120 million. Two years later  roughly the same revenue is being valued at twice the EBITDA and four times the value. The stock market reacted as it always does. It is looking for the next one. The market’s list has four names and one “no”. Epsilon Net  with information pointing to a valuation of up to €1 billion  but control passed to National Bank in 2024. Uni Systems  a subsidiary of Quest  with scenarios of a sale or listing and a valuation of €400–450 million. Byte  through IDEAL Holdings  which as a listed fund will eventually have to sell. Profile  whose main shareholder denies any such information  contrary to the market’s belief. Hg’s arithmetic is simple: €1 billion valuation  90 000 customers  ~€11 000 per customer. Whoever has customers who cannot leave has a price.EntersoftOne–Hg Deal Triggers Rally in Technology Stocks—The announcement of the EntersoftOne acquisition by Hg  mentioned above  acted as a strong catalyst for all technology stocks on the Athens Stock Exchange. The deal confirmed the high valuations and attractiveness of the Greek technology sector  triggering a wave of buying interest. In the session following the announcement  Space Hellas led the gains with a 6.5% rise  while Quest gained almost 4%  reaching €7.90 and a new all-time high. Ideal and Profile also posted significant gains (more than 3%)  with Profile also closing at an all-time high of €10.54. Meanwhile  Ilyda and Real Consulting recorded gains of more than 2%. Real Consulting stood out  exceeding 84 000 shares in trading volume and reaching a new all-time high of €8.66. As a result of the overall activity  the FTSE/ATHEX Technology & Telecommunications sector index gained 1.73% and closed at 7 601.34 points  marking a new record for the index.Six Senses Porto Heli and for the staff-The accommodation of employees has evolved into one of the biggest headaches for hoteliers  both in terms of the difficulty of finding affordable housing and the degree of satisfaction of their employees  since it is well known that many people working in tourism move around  even during the tourist season  wherever they can find better conditions. In response  major tourism investments are now including staff accommodation in their planning from the outset  creating organized housing facilities within or near their properties. A characteristic example is the new Six Senses Porto Heli in Ermionida  the €150 million tourism project under construction (with EKTER as contractor)  on the site of the former “Costa Perla”. The project  which also includes 12 branded ultra-luxury villas under the well-known “Six Senses” hotel brand  has a 2028 horizon and is being developed by a consortium of foreign and Greek capital  including London-based CBE Capital  Taconic Capital funds from New York with Cedar Capital as adviser  as well as the Goutos family  which has had a decades-long presence in the real estate market and significant land holdings in Argolida. The project therefore provides for the construction of a complex of 113 rooms and 225 beds in three buildings—two three-storey buildings and one two-storey building—exclusively for staff  which… you can hardly call a small number compared with the resort’s approved capacity of 271 tourist beds. The relevant provision is included in the amendment to the Environmental Impact Assessment submitted by Costa Perla S.A.  which also provides for the addition of five piers  coastal protection and landscaping works  a desalination unit and a new photovoltaic installation.The (Other) Dutchman of Ellaktor-The full name is Martialis Quirinus van Poecke  but on the European energy map he is widely known as Marcel van Poecke. The Dutch businessman and investor is behind AtlasInvest  the investment company he founded in 2007  which has built a portfolio across the entire energy spectrum  from oil and natural gas to renewables and investments linked to the energy transition. In Greece  van Poecke’s name has been associated for years with Ellaktor. As early as 2021  Atlas N.V. held 34.114 million shares  or approximately 9.8%  with van Poecke as the ultimate controlling shareholder through AtlasInvest. Following the absorption of Atlas N.V. by AtlasInvest Holding B.V. and the OTC transaction through which an additional 5.032% stake was acquired  he directly controls 14.83% of Ellaktor  as stated in the company’s financial statements published yesterday  making him the second-largest shareholder behind Reggeborgh (59.59%) and ahead of Motor Oil (10.41%). Van Poecke and AtlasInvest’s most recent move came a few weeks ago and concerns the renewable energy and energy storage platform Aukera  which secured €460 million in financing for the development of renewable energy  storage and energy infrastructure projects in Belgium  Britain  Germany  Romania and Italy. An interesting detail is that in Aukera  as in Ellaktor  AtlasInvest is investing alongside Reggeborgh.Safe Bulkers: Gains of Around 18%-The performance of Safe Bulkers shares following the recent capital increase is interesting. Within just a few days  the stock has gained around 18%  confirming that the capital increase was carried out at an attractive price for investors. At the same time  its trading liquidity also increased following the company’s listing on Euronext Athens (alongside New York)  which took place before the summer. The recent €80.4 million capital increase broadened the company’s shareholder base with institutional and professional investors and significantly multiplied daily trading volumes. The market attributes this performance by the stock to the strengthening prospects of the shipping company  which was the one that made the first entry—on the right foot—on the Athens Stock Exchange  which is creating a shipping hub.Michalis Marakakis Vindicated-The chairman of Cooperative Bank of Chania was found not guilty in a court case concerning a complaint he had filed in 2019 with the Chania Bar Association. In his complaint  he referred to specific practices by a lawyer that he considered unethical  including client solicitation  advertising and self-promotion  as well as actions that  in his view  were directed against Chania. A legal dispute followed  along with a first-instance ruling against the banker. Yesterday’s decision by the Three-Member Misdemeanors Court of Chania  however  overturned the previous ruling and acquitted him. The particular feature of the decision is that the court accepted as true the facts described by Marakakis in the disputed complaint.An Infrastructure Company with Networks  Storage and Data Centers–PPC is today worth €14.1 billion. Apart from being an electricity company  for a fund manager it has a separate kind of calling card. One of the world’s five hyperscalers chose the former lignite site for a giga project with a 2028 horizon. Bloomberg said it the same day with the headline “What backlash?” The essential point  however  is that the benchmark for PPC’s business value is now changing. An average European utility company is valued at around 9 times EV/EBITDA  with EDP being a classic example  with a market capitalization of €20 billion and no hyperscaler partner. PPC  targeting EBITDA of €4.6 billion in 2030 from €2 billion in 2025  is asking to be viewed as an infrastructure company with networks  storage and data centers. It is no longer simply an electricity company. If the markets accept this  the “upside to EDP” is the conservative scenario. There is already talk in the market that  alongside BlackRock  Capital Group  Covalis and QIA  Norges Bank is also considering a position.Avin Strikes Again in Bulkers-Remember that about two months ago we wrote that Avin International’s return to dry bulk carriers hardly looked like an opportunistic purchase? Well  note that a second move has now followed. The shipping company of the Vardinogiannis family appears as the buyer of the Handysize Kriti Orion  formerly Bianca  with a capacity of approximately 34 000 dwt and built in 2013  at a price that shipbrokers place close to $13 million. Earlier in the summer came the acquisition of the Kriti Atlas  also a Handysize of around 35 000 dwt. Two vessels of roughly the same class within a few months are now beginning to look like a plan rather than a coincidence. And it is significant that Avin had only last year sold the last bulker it owned  the Evangelia. Now it is returning by choosing smaller and more flexible tonnage  while its core strength remains in tankers  with a fleet of more than 30 vessels. The interest  therefore  is not the two Handysize vessels themselves. They are the first pieces of a new dry bulk fleet. After the second move  the market is expecting a third as well.The Greeks Bring the City to Athens-Something is moving in Athens  and it is not only about shipping companies listing on Euronext. Those following the market closely see that around the Greek shipping center  a much larger financing game is gradually taking shape. And the reason is simple: money follows ships. With the Greek-owned fleet standing at 6 822 vessels  nearly 1 000 newbuildings in the orderbook and bank financing already approaching $60 billion  foreign financial institutions have no reason to wait for Greek shipowners in London  New York or Oslo. They are coming closer to them. And this is where the interesting behind-the-scenes story lies. Following the moves by Petros Pappas’ Star Bulk and Poly Chatzioannou’s Safe Bulkers  Euronext Athens has firmly entered the shipping sector’s radar. At the same time  international investment and banking groups are strengthening their presence in the Greek market. So don’t just look at which shipping company will knock on the Stock Exchange’s door next. Look at which bankers  investment firms and foreign funds are renting offices in Athens. Because that may be where the bigger story lies: Greek shipping is not only exporting business power. It is beginning to import financial power into Athens.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.25,0.57,True,English,"['Tzitzikostas’ Bougatsa Summit', 'K.M.', 'New York', 'Windfall Taxes', 'Alexis', 'Wall Street Journal Editorial Board', 'Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney', 'Deputy Prime Minister Kostis Hatzidakis', 'The Thessaloniki International Fair', 'Environment Minister Stavros Papastavrou', 'Xino Nero–Ptolemaida road', 'major U.S. banks', 'U.S. time', 'U.S. trip', 'Florina Swimming Pool', 'legislative drafting committee', 'Refinery Windfall Taxes', 'blue” government officials', 'European Transport Ministers', 'major firms', 'The Good', 'PPC officials', 'windfall profits', 'European leaders', 'European Commissioner', 'Protothema.gr', 'San Francisco', 'New York', 'quick glance', 'Greek diaspora', '48th Avenues', 'foreign media', 'fund owners', 'tax residents', 'Chris Rokos', 'K.M.', 'morning show', 'Greek delegation', 'ordeal politicians', 'Monday night', 'close associate', 'Aristotelia Peloni', 'United States', 'minor ordeal', 'Antonis Alexandridis', 'Big Apple', 'big names', 'energy sector', 'heavyweight source', 'unquestionable one', 'dear man', 'four ways', 'energy market', 'consumers’ wallets', 'Apostolos Tzitzikostas', 'spectacular announcement', 'EU Council', 'catchy headline', 'energy crisis', 'Western Macedonia', 'particular attention', 'infrastructure projects', 'Agricultural Exhibition', 'agricultural issues', 'AADE platform', 'days’ extension', 'aerial photographs', 'agricultural land', 'Bad News', 'business parks', 'Energy ministers', 'Finance ministers', 'Afternoon Coffee', 'brief meeting', 'extraordinary meeting', 'first meeting', 'bond markets', 'ambassadorial residence', 'Greek industry', 'just transition', 'industrial sector', 'United flight', 'suffering Alexis', 'political meetings', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'Greetings', 'Mitsotakis', 'program', 'example', 'appearance', 'event', 'members', 'America', 'Citigroup', 'WSJ', 'schedule', 'things', '47th', 'case', 'Greece', 'billionaires', 'narrative', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'Friday', 'interview', 'Bloomberg', 'journalists', 'Newark', 'Washington', 'passengers', 'result', 'Greeks', 'announcements', 'refineries', 'president', 'something', 'lines', 'money', 'burden', 'cup', 'Summit', 'mid-October', 'situation', 'measures', 'Pierrakakis', 'body', 'Insistence', 'tours', 'decarbonization', 'coincidence', 'Kozani', 'discussions', 'investments', 'progress', 'visit', 'Region', 'opening', 'complaints', 'plots', 'developments', 'positive', 'Tuesday', 'Ministry', 'representatives', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρα μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-09-23,2026-09-24,en.protothema.gr
