UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
19513,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Returning to Tech/Ops/Risk/Governance/Client Services in London? We're partnering with @EuroclearGroup to launch th… https://t.co/HMMB4YB2e6,nan,Returning to Tech/Ops/Risk/Governance/Client Services in London? We're partnering with @EuroclearGroup to launch th… https://t.co/HMMB4YB2e6,neutral,0.09,0.82,0.09,neutral,0.09,0.82,0.09,True,English,"['Tech/Ops/Risk/Governance/Client Services', 'London', 'th', 'HMMB4YB2e6', 'Tech/Ops/Risk/Governance/Client Services', 'London', 'th', 'HMMB4YB2e6']",2023-03-02,2023-03-07,Unknown
19514,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Belgium and Luxembourg extended the deadline for filing documents to unlock the assets of Russians in Euroclear and… https://t.co/M3F7YCXhie,nan,Belgium and Luxembourg extended the deadline for filing documents to unlock the assets of Russians in Euroclear and… https://t.co/M3F7YCXhie,neutral,0.09,0.88,0.03,neutral,0.09,0.88,0.03,True,English,"['Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'deadline', 'documents', 'assets', 'Russians', 'Euroclear', 'M3F7YCXhie', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'deadline', 'documents', 'assets', 'Russians', 'Euroclear', 'M3F7YCXhie']",2023-03-02,2023-03-07,Unknown
19523,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Meet_the_Moment @ulyssecolonna Do you think they’ll ever release the funds? Isn’t Euroclear and Clearstream sittin… https://t.co/BGowlwqjLm,nan,@Meet_the_Moment @ulyssecolonna Do you think they’ll ever release the funds? Isn’t Euroclear and Clearstream sittin… https://t.co/BGowlwqjLm,neutral,0.09,0.76,0.15,neutral,0.09,0.76,0.15,True,English,"['funds', 'Clearstream', 'BGowlwqjLm', 'funds', 'Clearstream', 'BGowlwqjLm']",2023-03-02,2023-03-07,Unknown
19536,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/05UFGWPBwU,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/05UFGWPBwU,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,True,English,"['ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'UFGWPBwU', 'ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'UFGWPBwU']",2023-03-02,2023-03-07,Unknown
19537,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Bieke Depoorter's work goes on show tomorrow  March 3  as part of the annual Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation… https://t.co/p7BDYKXlo5,nan,Bieke Depoorter's work goes on show tomorrow  March 3  as part of the annual Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation… https://t.co/p7BDYKXlo5,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['annual Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'Bieke Depoorter', 'work', 'show', 'March', 'part', 'annual Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'Bieke Depoorter', 'work', 'show', 'March', 'part']",2023-03-02,2023-03-07,Unknown
19645,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@WorkingMoneyCH @BNPParibas @wef @Ripple Lieve Mostrey is Euroclear Bank CEO… she is very well placed to know about… https://t.co/yjl49FWFqU,nan,@WorkingMoneyCH @BNPParibas @wef @Ripple Lieve Mostrey is Euroclear Bank CEO… she is very well placed to know about… https://t.co/yjl49FWFqU,positive,0.8,0.2,0.01,positive,0.8,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Ripple Lieve Mostrey', 'Euroclear Bank CEO', 'WorkingMoneyCH', 'BNPParibas', 'Ripple Lieve Mostrey', 'Euroclear Bank CEO', 'WorkingMoneyCH', 'BNPParibas']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19646,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@larryronaldpar1 @StockRetail Interesting. I wonder what Euroclear would say if you asked them,nan,@larryronaldpar1 @StockRetail Interesting. I wonder what Euroclear would say if you asked them,positive,0.66,0.34,0.01,positive,0.66,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['StockRetail Interesting', 'larryronaldpar1', 'Euroclear', 'StockRetail Interesting', 'larryronaldpar1', 'Euroclear']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19647,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,TD reports strong loan growth  increased reserves in wake of deal delay #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/qY6qPIsEp1 #regtech,nan,TD reports strong loan growth  increased reserves in wake of deal delay #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/qY6qPIsEp1 #regtech,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['strong loan growth', 'deal delay', 'TD', 'reserves', 'wake', 'strong loan growth', 'deal delay', 'TD', 'reserves', 'wake']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19651,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Researching OTA TV antennas and may go with the ClearStream 4MAX. The hard part of installing it will be trying to… https://t.co/xudvsqcuLK,nan,Researching OTA TV antennas and may go with the ClearStream 4MAX. The hard part of installing it will be trying to… https://t.co/xudvsqcuLK,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['OTA TV antennas', 'ClearStream 4MAX', 'hard part', 'OTA TV antennas', 'ClearStream 4MAX', 'hard part']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19652,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Green ravine of early summerhttps://t.co/0LZVzBhBpl#Earlysummer #valley #mountainstream #clearstream #river… https://t.co/augS9RZyp8,nan,Green ravine of early summerhttps://t.co/0LZVzBhBpl#Earlysummer #valley #mountainstream #clearstream #river… https://t.co/augS9RZyp8,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.02,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.02,True,English,"['Green ravine', 'early summer', 'valley', 'mountainstream', 'river', 'Green ravine', 'early summer', 'valley', 'mountainstream', 'river']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19654,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@GMcdooble @BossBlunts1 @CEOAdam Hilarious. You know what you have to sign up for when Deutsche Börse is apart of… https://t.co/EzfLDa5CLr,nan,@GMcdooble @BossBlunts1 @CEOAdam Hilarious. You know what you have to sign up for when Deutsche Börse is apart of… https://t.co/EzfLDa5CLr,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'CEOAdam Hilarious', 'GMcdooble', 'BossBlunts1', 'EzfLDa5CLr', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CEOAdam Hilarious', 'GMcdooble', 'BossBlunts1', 'EzfLDa5CLr']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19655,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SLG_artupdates: 📸SLG RECOMMENDS! The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 opens today at @TPGallery… https://t.co/ePK1G7JtaL,nan,SLG_artupdates: 📸SLG RECOMMENDS! The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 opens today at @TPGallery… https://t.co/ePK1G7JtaL,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'SLG RECOMMENDS', 'SLG_artupdates', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'SLG RECOMMENDS', 'SLG_artupdates']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19656,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📸SLG RECOMMENDS! The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 opens today at @TPGallery  Don’t miss out… https://t.co/SsirvukS57,nan,📸SLG RECOMMENDS! The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 opens today at @TPGallery  Don’t miss out… https://t.co/SsirvukS57,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'SLG RECOMMENDS', 'SsirvukS57', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'SLG RECOMMENDS', 'SsirvukS57']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19657,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/5D26AqNYlG,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/5D26AqNYlG,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'D26AqNYlG', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'D26AqNYlG']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19658,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Welcome to Spring at TPG! 🌸🌼🌱⁠⁠Our galleries are now open with three new exhibitions  Deutsche Börse Photography… https://t.co/hw3jSihOGZ,nan,Welcome to Spring at TPG! 🌸🌼🌱⁠⁠Our galleries are now open with three new exhibitions  Deutsche Börse Photography… https://t.co/hw3jSihOGZ,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography', 'three new exhibitions', 'Spring', 'TPG', 'galleries', 'Deutsche Börse Photography', 'three new exhibitions', 'Spring', 'TPG', 'galleries']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19770,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Latest banking news #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/r2l4ojyBnv #regtech,nan,Latest banking news #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/r2l4ojyBnv #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Latest banking news', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'Latest banking news', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech']",2023-03-03,2023-03-07,Unknown
19773,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We love STEM! Our After School students at Clearstream Avenue Elementary School had so much fun creating shapes and… https://t.co/v1fxcxMPZB,nan,We love STEM! Our After School students at Clearstream Avenue Elementary School had so much fun creating shapes and… https://t.co/v1fxcxMPZB,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream Avenue Elementary School', 'After School students', 'STEM', 'fun', 'shapes', 'Clearstream Avenue Elementary School', 'After School students', 'STEM', 'fun', 'shapes']",2023-03-04,2023-03-07,Unknown
19776,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse photography prize– stern heroes uncanny hybrids&amp;a missing person. Black history&amp;identity loom large… https://t.co/Ir0gvafN3P,nan,Deutsche Börse photography prize– stern heroes uncanny hybrids&amp;a missing person. Black history&amp;identity loom large… https://t.co/Ir0gvafN3P,negative,0.08,0.32,0.6,negative,0.08,0.32,0.6,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse photography prize', 'Black history&amp', 'uncanny hybrids', 'missing person', 'heroes', 'identity', 'Deutsche Börse photography prize', 'Black history&amp', 'uncanny hybrids', 'missing person', 'heroes', 'identity']",2023-03-04,2023-03-07,Unknown
19864,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,✅ Euroclear - https://t.co/PMqH8rxlyI https://t.co/LMCpS2fbpQ,nan,✅ Euroclear - https://t.co/PMqH8rxlyI https://t.co/LMCpS2fbpQ,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['PMqH8rxlyI', 'LMCpS2fbpQ', '✅', 'PMqH8rxlyI', 'LMCpS2fbpQ', '✅']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,Unknown
19865,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Silvergate shuts crypto payments network it once hyped #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/OwoKFOHcUC #regtech,nan,Silvergate shuts crypto payments network it once hyped #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/OwoKFOHcUC #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['crypto payments network', 'Silvergate', 'Fintech', 'OwoKFOHcUC', 'crypto payments network', 'Silvergate', 'Fintech', 'OwoKFOHcUC']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,Unknown
19866,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The B-word #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/zsGRFPqHan #regtech,nan,The B-word #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/zsGRFPqHan #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['The B-word', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'zsGRFPqHan', 'The B-word', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'zsGRFPqHan']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,Unknown
19886,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convening-annual-general-meeting-074800384.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Caverion Corporation,Notice is given to the shareholders of Caverion Corporation that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Monday  27 March 2023 at 13:00 Finnish time at...,"Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 6 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. EETHELSINKI  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Caverion Corporation that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Monday  27 March 2023 at 13:00 Finnish time at Little Finlandia at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 12:00 Finnish time.After the Annual General Meeting  coffee will be served at the meeting venue.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022Presenting the review by the President and CEO.The Annual Review of the Company  including the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022  is available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements and the consolidated Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that for the financial year 2022  a dividend of EUR 0.20 per share will be paid from the distributable funds of the Company. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment 29 March 2023 are recorded in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid on 5 April 2023.Story continues9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report of the governing bodiesThe Company's remuneration report of the governing bodies is available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that a Chairman  a Vice Chairman and five (5) ordinary members be elected to the Board of Directors of the Company.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the Chairman  the Vice Chairman and the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that fee be paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected for the beginning term as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors EUR 7 260 per month (EUR 87 120 per year);Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors EUR 5 500 per month (EUR 66 000 per year); andMembers of the Board of Directors EUR 4 290 per month (EUR 51 480 per year)The Chairman of each of the permanent Committees of the Board of Directors is proposed to be paid an additional fee of EUR 1 072.50 per month (EUR 12 870 per year)  except in case the same person is the Chairman or the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.On recommendation of the Human Resources Committee  the Board of Directors also proposes that  in addition to the monthly fees  a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 per meeting be paid for the participation in the meetings of the Board of Directors and its Committees. Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed in accordance with decisions and guidance issued by the Tax Administration in respect of tax-exempt allowances for travel expenses and the policies of Caverion Corporation.The justification for the proposal will be available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm at the latest on 10 March 2023.13. Resolution on the remuneration of the Chairman and the members of the Tender Offer Committee of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that the Chairman and the members of the ad hoc Committee of the Board of Directors that has been established for the review and preparation of matters related to the tender offer processes be paid a one-off retroactive additional fee.The additional fee proposed to be paid is EUR 80 000 for the Chairman of the Committee and EUR 23 000 for both members of the Committee. The additional fee is compensation for the work that the Chairman and the members of the Committee have done so far  and it does not relate to the completion of a tender offer in any way. The ad hoc Committee consists of Mats Paulsson as the Chairman of the Committee and Joachim Hallengren and Thomas Hinnerskov as members of the Committee.The justification for the proposal will be available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm at the latest on 10 March 2023.14. Election of Chairman  Vice Chairman and members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that for a term of office beginning at the end of the Annual General Meeting and expiring at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Jussi Aho  Markus Ehrnrooth  Joachim Hallengren  Thomas Hinnerskov  Kristina Jahn  Mats Paulsson and Jasmin Soravia be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Commit-tee of the Board of Directors that Mats Paulsson be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and that Markus Ehrnrooth be elected as Vice Chairman.It is proposed that shareholders take a position on the composition of the Board of Directors as a whole.Personal information and positions of trust of the proposed individuals as well as evaluations of their independence are available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm.15. Removing the transfer restrictions on the remuneration shares of the Board of DirectorsPursuant to decisions by the Company's previous Annual General Meetings  approximately 40% of the annual remuneration of the Board of Directors has been paid in Caverion Corporation's shares  which have been subject to a sale and transfer restriction of two (2) years from the date of purchase. If the membership in the Board of Directors terminates earlier  the transfer restriction ceases according to the decisions at termination.The Board of Directors proposes that said sale and transfer restriction  and the recorded transfer restriction  will be removed on the said remuneration shares.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors that the remuneration for the auditor be paid according to an invoice approved by the Company.17. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors that Authorised Public Accountants Ernst & Young Oy be re-elected as auditor of the Company for a term of office expiring at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Ernst & Young Oy has informed that the auditor-in-charge would be Antti Suominen  Authorised Public Accountant.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares in one or more instalments as follows:The total number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge shall not exceed 13 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 9.7% of all the shares in the Company. The Company may use only unrestricted equity to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation.Purchase of own shares may be made at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.The Board of Directors resolves on the manner in which own shares will be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. The repurchase of own shares may be made using  inter alia  derivatives. The repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of own shares may be made otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders (directed repurchase or acceptance as pledge).The authorisation cancels the authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 28 March 2022 to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares.The authorisation is valid until 27 September 2024.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on share issues in one or more instalments as follows:The total number of shares to be issued under the authorisation may not exceed 13 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 9.7% of all the shares in the Company.The Board of Directors decides on all the conditions of the issuance of shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorisation can be used  e.g. in order to develop the Company's capital structure  to broaden the Company's ownership base  to be used as payment in corporate acquisitions or when the Company acquires assets relating to its business and as part of the Company's incentive programs.The authorisation cancels the authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 28 March 2022 to decide on the issuance of shares.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than 30 June 2024.20. Amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolve on amending Article 8 of the Company's Articles of Association to enable holding a General Meeting in Espoo or Vantaa in addition to the Company's registered domicile or completely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. In its amended form  said Article reads as follows (addition underlined):8 § The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held annually by the end of March.An Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held whenever deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors or when so required by law. The notice of the meeting of shareholders shall be published on the company website. However  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice of meeting as a newspaper advertisement. If so  the notice of meeting will be served by placing an advertisement in a newspaper with nationwide circulation selected by the Board of Directors. In all other respects  the provisions of the Limited Liability Companies Act regarding the notice of meeting shall apply.To be able to attend the General Meeting of Shareholders  the shareholders shall notify the Company thereof by the date indicated in the notice of the meeting which may be no earlier than ten days before the meeting. Additionally  the provisions of the Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the right to attend the General Meeting of Shareholders of a company included in the Book Entry Securities System shall apply.A General Meeting of Shareholders will be held at a venue determined by the Board of Directors. The venue may be located in the Company's registered domicile or in Espoo or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may also decide that the meeting will be organised completely without a meeting venue so that the shareholders will exercise their power of decision during the meeting in full and in real time by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).In other respects  the Articles of Association are proposed to remain unchanged.21. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice convening the Annual General Meeting which includes all proposals of the Board of Directors is available to shareholders on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm. The Annual Review of Caverion Corporation  including the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022  as well as the Company's remuneration report of the governing bodies  are available to the shareholders on the Company's website. The Company will not publish a printed Annual Review.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than on 10 April 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THOSE PARTICIPATING IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders registerEach shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  which is 15 March 2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholder register of the Company. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting. Instructions for holders of nominee-registered shares are set out below under section C. 2. ""Holders of nominee-registered shares"".The registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on 6 March 2023 at 12:00 Finnish time. A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholder register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register no later than on 22 March 2023 at 16:00 Finnish time  by which time the registration shall be received. Registration can take place in the following ways:on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agmElectronic registration via the Company's website requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative with a Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Caverion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  FinlandFurther information concerning registration is available by phone during the registration period from Innovatics Ltd by telephone at +358 10 281 8909 between 9:00 and 12:00 and 13:00 and 16:00 Finnish time from Monday to Friday.The requested information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name of the shareholder's possible proxy representative and the date of birth of the proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data given to Caverion Corporation or Innovatics Ltd by shareholders is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and in connection with the processing of the related necessary registrations.The shareholder  their authorised representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  15 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholder register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy no later than on 22 March 2023 by 10:00 Finnish time. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner prove their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. A proxy template is available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Any proxy documents are requested to be delivered preferably as an attachment via the electronic registration service available on the Company's website as described in section C. 1. above  or alternatively by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Caverion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period on 22 March 2023 at 16:00 Finnish time. In addition to submitting the proxy document  the shareholder or their proxy representative shall see to the registration for the Annual General Meeting in a manner described above in this notice.Shareholders who are entities can also use Suomi.fi e-Authorisation service for authorising a proxy representative instead of a traditional power of attorney. The proxy representative will be authorised in Suomi.fi e-Authorisation service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (mandate ""Representation at the General Meeting""). In the electronic registration service  the authorised person must in connection with the registration identify themselves by using strong electronic identification and thereafter register on behalf of the shareholder that they represent. The strong electronic identification takes place by Finnish banking codes or mobile ID. More information on the electronic authorisation is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Other informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish. Simultaneous interpreting is available in the meeting in English.Pursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting  has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting  6 March 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Caverion Corporation is 138 920 092. On the date of this notice  the Company holds 2 447 447 treasury shares. Pursuant to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  shares held by the Company itself or its subsidiaries do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting.Helsinki  6 March 2023Caverion CorporationBoard of DirectorsDistribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  key media  www.caverion.comFor additional information  please contact:Milena Hæggström Head of Investor Relations and External Communicationstel. +358 40 5581 328milena.haeggstrom@caverion.comThe following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-caverion-corporation-301763085.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.42,0.18,0.4,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Caverion Corporation', 'Notice', 'Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release', 'one-off retroactive additional fee', 'tender offer processes', 'Human Resources Committee', 'ad hoc Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Possible travel expenses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Tender Offer Committee', 'consolidated Financial Statements', 'five (5) ordinary members', 'Annual Review', 'meeting fee', '13:00 Finnish time', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting tickets', '12:00 Finnish time', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'record date', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'beginning term', 'same person', 'monthly fees', 'Tax Administration', 'tax-exempt allowances', 'Mats Paulsson', 'Joachim Hallengren', 'Thomas Hinnerskov', 'meeting venue', 'following matters', 'permanent Committees', 'financial year', 'Vice Chairman', 'A. MATTERS', 'remuneration report', 'The Company', 'The Board', '9.00 a', 'HELSINKI', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'coffee', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'website', 'agm', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '5 April', 'Story', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'number', 'recommendation', 'case', 'participation', 'meetings', 'accordance', 'decisions', 'guidance', 'respect', 'policies', 'justification', 'proposal', 'preparation', 'compensation', 'work', 'completion', 'way', 'lat', '7.']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19887,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/verkkokauppa-com-oyj-notice-annual-144500755.html,Verkkokauppa.com Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting,Verkkokauppa.com Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 6 March 2023 at 4:45 pm EET NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice is given to the shareholders of...,Verkkokauppa.com OyjVerkkokauppa.com Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 6 March 2023 at 4:45 pm EETNOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj (“Verkkokauppa.com” or the “Company”) to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 30 March 2023 starting at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) at Pörssitalo  Pörssisali  Fabianinkatu 14  FI-00100 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting  the distribution of voting tickets and coffee service will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EEST). During the coffees offered before the meeting  it is possible to meet and discuss with the Company's management.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation. Instructions for advance voting and authorization of proxy representatives are presented in Section C. “Instructions for Participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.The Company will arrange an opportunity for shareholders who have registered for the Annual General Meeting to follow the meeting via a webcast. Shareholders following the meeting in this manner are not considered to participate in the Annual General Meeting and such shareholders may not exercise shareholders’ rights through the webcast. For further instructions  please refer to Section C. “Instructions for the Participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022- Review by the CEOThe Company’s annual report for 2022  published on 3 March 2023  which includes the Company’s annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report  is available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.Story continuesA recording of the CEO’s review will be available on the Company’s website after the Annual General Meeting.7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of fundsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Company deviates from its dividend distribution policy and that no dividend be distributed from the profit of the 2022 financial year. The Board of Directors proposes that the profit for the financial period be transferred to the account for retained earnings.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Advisory resolution on the approval of the remuneration reportThe Board of Director’s Remuneration Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the Company’s remuneration report.The Company’s remuneration report is available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings and has been published by way of a stock exchange release on 3 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual fees to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected at the Annual General Meeting for the term of office ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 are the following:EUR 70 000 for the Chairperson of the Board of Directors  andEUR 35 000 for each member of the Board of Directors.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that 50 per cent of the annual fee be paid in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj shares either purchased from the market or alternatively by using treasury shares held by the Company. The purchase of shares or transfer of treasury shares is proposed to be carried out in four equal instalments  each instalment being purchased or transferred within the two-week period beginning on the date following the announcement of each of the Company's interim reports and the Company's financial statements bulletin for 2023. It is proposed that the Company will pay the transaction costs and transfer tax in connection with the purchase or transfer of remuneration shares. The rest of the annual fee is proposed to be paid in cash  which is used to cover taxes arising from the fees.If the shares due in any such instalment cannot be purchased or transferred within the time period indicated above due to legal or other regulatory restrictions or due to reasons related to a Board member  the amount of annual remuneration due for payment in such instalment is proposed to be paid fully in cash.The annual fees payable to members of the committees of the Board of Directors for the term of office ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 are proposed to be the following:EUR 12 000 for the Chairperson of the Audit Committee EUR 10 000 for the Vice Chairperson of the Audit Committee EUR 6 000 for each member of the Audit Committee EUR 8 000 for the Chairperson of the Remuneration Committee  andEUR 4 000 for each member of the Remuneration Committee.The fees of the committees are proposed to be paid in cash. It is additionally proposed that the members of the Board of Directors shall be compensated for reasonable accrued travel and lodging expenses as well as other potential costs related to Board and Committee work.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the Board of Directors consists of seven (7) members.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the following persons be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2024: Johan Ryding  Kai Seikku  Samuli Seppälä and Arja Talma. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board further proposes that Robin Bade  Henrik Pankakoski and Kati Riikonen be elected as new members of the Board of Directors for the same term of office. Christoffer Häggblom  Mikko Kärkkäinen and Frida Ridderstolpe have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.All nominees have given their consent to the election. All nominees are deemed independent of the Company and its major shareholders except for Samuli Seppälä.The Chairperson of the Board will be elected by the members of the Board of Directors from amongst themselves. The nominees to the Board of Directors have indicated to the Shareholders’ Nomination Board that if elected  they will elect Arja Talma as the Chairperson of the Board of Directors.The nominees’ biographical details are available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors’ Audit Committee proposes that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to the reasonable invoice approved by the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors’ Audit Committee has prepared its recommendation in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) and organized an audit firm selection procedure. The Committee has reviewed several potential audit firm candidates based on predetermined selection criteria and identified PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy and KPMG Oy Ab as the best candidates. After careful consideration based on the selection criteria  PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy became the Committee’s preference and recommended audit firm for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors’ Audit Committee confirms that its recommendation is free from influence by a third party and that no clause of kind referred to in paragraph 6 of Article 16 of the EU Audit Regulation  which would restrict the choice by the Annual General Meeting as regards the appointment of the auditor  has been imposed upon it.The Board of Directors’ Audit Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorized Public Accountants firm  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the Company that Mikko Nieminen  Authorized Public Accountant  would be the auditor-in-charge.16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 4 535 453 shares in one or several instalments using the unrestricted equity of the Company  however taking into account the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum number of the treasury shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. The proposed number of shares represents a maximum of approximately ten (10) per cent of the total number of the shares in the Company.The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to resolve on all other terms and conditions of the repurchase of the shares  including the repurchase of shares in another proportion than that of the existing shareholdings of the shareholders (the directed repurchase). The shares can be repurchased on the trading venues where the Company’s shares are traded at the market price of the time of the repurchase  or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase.Shares may be repurchased for the purposes of improving the Company’s capital structure  financing or carrying out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  implementing prospective incentive and remuneration schemes  or to be otherwise transferred further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled.It is proposed that the authorization be valid until the close of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorization revokes previous unused authorizations for the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue by one or several resolutions. A maximum of 4 535 453 shares may be issued on the basis of the authorization. The proposed maximum authorized number represents approximately ten (10) per cent of the total number of the shares in the Company. The Board of Directors may resolve to issue either new shares or transfer the treasury shares held by the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the share issue  including the deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights for a weighty financial reason. The authorization may be used to improve the Company’s capital structure  to finance or carry out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  to implement prospective incentive and remuneration schemes or to be used for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorization be valid until the close of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorization revokes previous unused share issue authorizations.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 7 of the Articles of Association be amended such that  if the Board of Directors so resolve  the general meeting may be held entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting and that the reference in Article 7 to the publication of information about the delivered notice to the general meeting in a newspaper be removed.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 8 be amended such that the Annual General Meeting shall also resolve  in addition to the items currently listed in Article 8  on the adoption of the remuneration policy  when necessary  and on the adoption of the remuneration report  and that the numbering of current sub-items 4−8 of Article 8 be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments.In their amended forms  said provisions of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“Article 7: Notice to convene a General Meeting of ShareholdersThe notice to convene a General Meeting of Shareholders shall be delivered to shareholders no earlier than three months and no later than nine days prior to the record date of the General Meeting of Shareholders. The General Meeting of Shareholders is convened by publishing the notice on the Company's website.In order to attend the General Meeting of Shareholders  the shareholder must register in advance with the Company at the latest by the date stated in the notice  which may be no earlier than ten (10) days prior to the General Meeting of Shareholders.The Board of Directors may resolve on organising a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their resolution-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”“Article 8: Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held annually within six months from the end of the financial period.The Annual General Meeting shall decide on:1. the adoption of the financial statements and  if the Company is a parent company  the adoption of the consolidated financial statements;2. the measures called for by the profit shown on the balance sheet;3. discharging the members of the Board of Directors and any CEO from liability;4. the remuneration policy  when necessary;5. the remuneration report;6. the number of the members of the Board of Directors and the number of any deputy members;7. the remunerations of the members of the Board of Directors and the auditors and the reimbursement policy for travel expenses;elect:8. members of the Board of Directors and any deputy members;9. the auditor;and handle:10. other matters mentioned separately in the notice of the Annual General Meeting.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned resolution proposals relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Verkkokauppa.com Oyj’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings. The annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the remuneration report of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj  have been available on the above-mentioned website as of 3 March 2023. The proposals for resolutions and other documents referred to above will also be available for review at the Annual General Meeting.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 13 April 2023 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date for the Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2023 is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 6 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 23 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the notice must have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be done in the following manners:a) On the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetingsElectronic registration requires that the shareholder or its legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By emailAlternatively  a shareholder may send the notice of participation to Innovatics Ltd by email to agm@innovatics.fi.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information  such as their name  birth date or business identity code  contact details and the name of a proxy representative or assistant  if any  and the birth date of the proxy representative.The personal data given to Verkkokauppa.com and Innovatics Ltd by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection to the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations. Further information on how the Company processes personal data is available in the privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 27 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in share ownership following the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not have an impact on the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor on the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the Company’s temporary shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank without delay. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the Company’s temporary shareholders’ register within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares. If necessary  the account management organization of the custodian bank shall also take care of the voting in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representatives and power of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.Proxy representatives must use their personal electronic authentication when registering through the electronic registration service for the meeting and voting in advance  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. A proxy representative shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares  by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder  shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates are available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with registration or  alternatively  by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the expiry of the registration period  by which time the documents must have been received.In addition to delivering the proxy documents the shareholder or its proxy representative shall also register to the Annual General Meeting in the manner set out in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorisation. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorises a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). In connection with registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which they can register and vote in advance. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 6 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) until 23 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). Advance voting can be done in the following manners:a) On the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetingsVoting in advance electronically requires that the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By emailA shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by Innovatics Ltd before the expiry of the advance voting period. Submission of votes before the expiry of the voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the Annual General Meeting if they or their proxy representative is not present at the venue of the Annual General Meeting.With regards to holders of nominee registered shares  advance voting is performed via the custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for holders of nominee registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the Annual General Meeting.The terms and conditions as well as other instructions concerning the advance voting are available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.The Company will arrange an opportunity for shareholders who have registered for the Annual General Meeting to follow the meeting online via a webcast. A video link and password to follow the meeting online will be sent by email and/or as a text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the webcast does not constitute participation in the Annual General Meeting and it will not be possible for shareholders to exercise their rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders who intend to follow the meeting via webcast and wish to exercise their voting rights are referred to vote in advance or by way of proxy representation.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions and request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or a shareholder’s number of votes at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  6 March 2023  the total number of shares in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj is 45 354 532 and the total number of votes in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj is 45 354 532.Helsinki  6 March 2023VERKKOKAUPPA.COM OYJBoard of DirectorsMore information:Robert Tallberg  Head of LegalVerkkokauppa.com Oyjrobert.tallberg@verkkokauppa.comTel. +358 50 570 0858Marja Mäkinen  Head of Investor Relations and Corporate CommunicationsVerkkokauppa.com Oyjmarja.makinen@verkkokauppa.comTel. +358 40 671 2999Verkkokauppa.com empowers its customers to follow their passion by providing a wide product assortment of around 90 000 products. Verkkokauppa.com Oyj serves its retail and corporate customers through its webstore  megastores  kiosk and network of collection points as well as fast deliveries and various services. As Finland’s most popular and most visited domestic online retailer  its deliveries cover around 75 percent of the Finnish population within the next day. The Company has four megastores: in Oulu  Pirkkala  Raisio  and Helsinki  where its headquarters is also located. Verkkokauppa.com employs more than 750 people and its shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange with the ticker VERK.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.56,0.29,0.16,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Verkkokauppa', 'Oyj', 'Notice', 'Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'four equal instalments', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'financial statements bulletin', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Annual Accounts', 'annual fee', 'annual remuneration', 'financial period', 'annual report', 'Pörssitalo', 'Pörssisali', 'voting tickets', 'coffee service', 'voting rights', 'proxy representation', 'proxy representatives', 'Section C.', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', '50 per cent', 'two-week period', 'interim reports', 'transaction costs', 'time period', 'shareholders’ rights', 'Remuneration Committee', '2022 financial year', 'The Board', 'Oyj shares', 'treasury shares', 'remuneration shares', 'advance voting', 'remuneration report', 'distribution policy', 'transfer tax', 'The Company', 'Advisory resolution', 'Verkkokauppa.com', 'Board member', 'fees', 'March', 'NOTICE', 'EEST', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'management', 'way', 'Instructions', 'authorization', 'Participants', 'opportunity', 'webcast', 'manner', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'website', 'Story', 'recording', 'use', 'profit', 'funds', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'approval', 'general-meetings', 'term', 'office', 'close', 'Chairperson', 'market', 'purchase', 'date', 'announcement', 'connection', 'cash', 'taxes', 'reasons', 'amount', 'payment', 'committees', '4:45', '2:00', '1:00']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19888,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-caverion-corporation-301763085.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Caverion Corporation,Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 6 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. EET HELSINKI  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Caverion Corporation that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Monday  27 March 2023 at 13:00 Finnis…,"Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 6 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. EETHELSINKI  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Caverion Corporation that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Monday  27 March 2023 at 13:00 Finnish time at Little Finlandia at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 12:00 Finnish time.After the Annual General Meeting  coffee will be served at the meeting venue.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022Presenting the review by the President and CEO.The Annual Review of the Company  including the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022  is available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements and the consolidated Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that for the financial year 2022  a dividend of EUR 0.20 per share will be paid from the distributable funds of the Company. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment 29 March 2023 are recorded in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid on 5 April 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report of the governing bodiesThe Company's remuneration report of the governing bodies is available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that a Chairman  a Vice Chairman and five (5) ordinary members be elected to the Board of Directors of the Company.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the Chairman  the Vice Chairman and the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that fee be paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected for the beginning term as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors EUR 7 260 per month ( EUR 87 120 per year);per month ( per year); Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors EUR 5 500 per month ( EUR 66 000 per year); andper month ( per year); and Members of the Board of Directors EUR 4 290 per month ( EUR 51 480 per year)The Chairman of each of the permanent Committees of the Board of Directors is proposed to be paid an additional fee of EUR 1 072.50 per month (EUR 12 870 per year)  except in case the same person is the Chairman or the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.On recommendation of the Human Resources Committee  the Board of Directors also proposes that  in addition to the monthly fees  a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 per meeting be paid for the participation in the meetings of the Board of Directors and its Committees. Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed in accordance with decisions and guidance issued by the Tax Administration in respect of tax-exempt allowances for travel expenses and the policies of Caverion Corporation.The justification for the proposal will be available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm at the latest on 10 March 2023.13. Resolution on the remuneration of the Chairman and the members of the Tender Offer Committee of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that the Chairman and the members of the ad hoc Committee of the Board of Directors that has been established for the review and preparation of matters related to the tender offer processes be paid a one-off retroactive additional fee.The additional fee proposed to be paid is EUR 80 000 for the Chairman of the Committee and EUR 23 000 for both members of the Committee. The additional fee is compensation for the work that the Chairman and the members of the Committee have done so far  and it does not relate to the completion of a tender offer in any way. The ad hoc Committee consists of Mats Paulsson as the Chairman of the Committee and Joachim Hallengren and Thomas Hinnerskov as members of the Committee.The justification for the proposal will be available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm at the latest on 10 March 2023.14. Election of Chairman  Vice Chairman and members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that for a term of office beginning at the end of the Annual General Meeting and expiring at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Jussi Aho  Markus Ehrnrooth  Joachim Hallengren  Thomas Hinnerskov  Kristina Jahn  Mats Paulsson and Jasmin Soravia be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Commit-tee of the Board of Directors that Mats Paulsson be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and that Markus Ehrnrooth be elected as Vice Chairman.It is proposed that shareholders take a position on the composition of the Board of Directors as a whole.Personal information and positions of trust of the proposed individuals as well as evaluations of their independence are available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm.15. Removing the transfer restrictions on the remuneration shares of the Board of DirectorsPursuant to decisions by the Company's previous Annual General Meetings  approximately 40% of the annual remuneration of the Board of Directors has been paid in Caverion Corporation's shares  which have been subject to a sale and transfer restriction of two (2) years from the date of purchase. If the membership in the Board of Directors terminates earlier  the transfer restriction ceases according to the decisions at termination.The Board of Directors proposes that said sale and transfer restriction  and the recorded transfer restriction  will be removed on the said remuneration shares.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors that the remuneration for the auditor be paid according to an invoice approved by the Company.17. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors that Authorised Public Accountants Ernst & Young Oy be re-elected as auditor of the Company for a term of office expiring at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Ernst & Young Oy has informed that the auditor-in-charge would be Antti Suominen  Authorised Public Accountant.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares in one or more instalments as follows:The total number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge shall not exceed 13 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 9.7% of all the shares in the Company. The Company may use only unrestricted equity to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation.Purchase of own shares may be made at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.The Board of Directors resolves on the manner in which own shares will be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. The repurchase of own shares may be made using  inter alia  derivatives. The repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of own shares may be made otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders (directed repurchase or acceptance as pledge).The authorisation cancels the authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 28 March 2022 to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares.The authorisation is valid until 27 September 2024.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on share issues in one or more instalments as follows:The total number of shares to be issued under the authorisation may not exceed 13 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 9.7% of all the shares in the Company.The Board of Directors decides on all the conditions of the issuance of shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorisation can be used  e.g. in order to develop the Company's capital structure  to broaden the Company's ownership base  to be used as payment in corporate acquisitions or when the Company acquires assets relating to its business and as part of the Company's incentive programs.The authorisation cancels the authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 28 March 2022 to decide on the issuance of shares.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than 30 June 2024.20. Amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolve on amending Article 8 of the Company's Articles of Association to enable holding a General Meeting in Espoo or Vantaa in addition to the Company's registered domicile or completely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. In its amended form  said Article reads as follows (addition underlined):8 § The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held annually by the end of March.An Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held whenever deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors or when so required by law. The notice of the meeting of shareholders shall be published on the company website. However  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice of meeting as a newspaper advertisement. If so  the notice of meeting will be served by placing an advertisement in a newspaper with nationwide circulation selected by the Board of Directors. In all other respects  the provisions of the Limited Liability Companies Act regarding the notice of meeting shall apply.To be able to attend the General Meeting of Shareholders  the shareholders shall notify the Company thereof by the date indicated in the notice of the meeting which may be no earlier than ten days before the meeting. Additionally  the provisions of the Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the right to attend the General Meeting of Shareholders of a company included in the Book Entry Securities System shall apply.A General Meeting of Shareholders will be held at a venue determined by the Board of Directors. The venue may be located in the Company's registered domicile or in Espoo or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may also decide that the meeting will be organised completely without a meeting venue so that the shareholders will exercise their power of decision during the meeting in full and in real time by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).In other respects  the Articles of Association are proposed to remain unchanged.21. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice convening the Annual General Meeting which includes all proposals of the Board of Directors is available to shareholders on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm. The Annual Review of Caverion Corporation  including the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022  as well as the Company's remuneration report of the governing bodies  are available to the shareholders on the Company's website. The Company will not publish a printed Annual Review.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than on 10 April 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THOSE PARTICIPATING IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders registerEach shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  which is 15 March 2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholder register of the Company. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting. Instructions for holders of nominee-registered shares are set out below under section C. 2. ""Holders of nominee-registered shares"".The registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on 6 March 2023 at 12:00 Finnish time. A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholder register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register no later than on 22 March 2023 at 16:00 Finnish time  by which time the registration shall be received. Registration can take place in the following ways:on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agmElectronic registration via the Company's website requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative with a Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Caverion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  FinlandFurther information concerning registration is available by phone during the registration period from Innovatics Ltd by telephone at +358 10 281 8909 between 9:00 and 12:00 and 13:00 and 16:00 Finnish time from Monday to Friday.The requested information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name of the shareholder's possible proxy representative and the date of birth of the proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data given to Caverion Corporation or Innovatics Ltd by shareholders is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and in connection with the processing of the related necessary registrations.The shareholder  their authorised representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  15 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholder register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy no later than on 22 March 2023 by 10:00 Finnish time. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner prove their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. A proxy template is available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Any proxy documents are requested to be delivered preferably as an attachment via the electronic registration service available on the Company's website as described in section C. 1. above  or alternatively by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Caverion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period on 22 March 2023 at 16:00 Finnish time. In addition to submitting the proxy document  the shareholder or their proxy representative shall see to the registration for the Annual General Meeting in a manner described above in this notice.Shareholders who are entities can also use Suomi.fi e-Authorisation service for authorising a proxy representative instead of a traditional power of attorney. The proxy representative will be authorised in Suomi.fi e-Authorisation service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (mandate ""Representation at the General Meeting""). In the electronic registration service  the authorised person must in connection with the registration identify themselves by using strong electronic identification and thereafter register on behalf of the shareholder that they represent. The strong electronic identification takes place by Finnish banking codes or mobile ID. More information on the electronic authorisation is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Other informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish. Simultaneous interpreting is available in the meeting in English.Pursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting  has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting  6 March 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Caverion Corporation is 138 920 092. On the date of this notice  the Company holds 2 447 447 treasury shares. Pursuant to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  shares held by the Company itself or its subsidiaries do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting.Helsinki  6 March 2023Caverion CorporationBoard of DirectorsDistribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  key media  www.caverion.comFor additional information  please contact:Milena Hæggström Head of Investor Relations and External Communicationstel. +358 40 5581 328milena.haeggstrom@caverion.comThe following files are available for download:SOURCE Caverion",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Caverion Corporation', 'Notice', 'Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release', 'one-off retroactive additional fee', 'tender offer processes', 'Human Resources Committee', 'ad hoc Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Possible travel expenses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Tender Offer Committee', 'consolidated Financial Statements', 'five (5) ordinary members', 'Annual Review', 'meeting fee', '13:00 Finnish time', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting tickets', '12:00 Finnish time', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'record date', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'beginning term', 'same person', 'monthly fees', 'Tax Administration', 'tax-exempt allowances', 'Mats Paulsson', 'Joachim Hallengren', 'Thomas Hinnerskov', 'meeting venue', 'following matters', 'permanent Committees', 'financial year', 'Vice Chairman', 'A. MATTERS', 'remuneration report', 'The Company', 'The Board', '9.00 a', 'HELSINKI', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'coffee', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'website', 'agm', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '5 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'number', 'recommendation', 'case', 'participation', 'meetings', 'accordance', 'decisions', 'guidance', 'respect', 'policies', 'justification', 'proposal', 'preparation', 'compensation', 'work', 'completion', 'way', '7.']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,prnewswire.co.uk
19889,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VERKKOKAUPPA-COM-OYJ-39435550/news/Verkkokauppa-com-Oyj-Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-43171227/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Verkkokauppa.com Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Verkkokauppa.com Oyj        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE         6 March 2023 at 4:45 pm EET NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice is given to the shareholders of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 30 March 2…,Verkkokauppa.com Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 6 March 2023 at 4:45 pm EETNOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj (“Verkkokauppa.com” or the “Company”) to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 30 March 2023 starting at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) at Pörssitalo  Pörssisali  Fabianinkatu 14  FI-00100 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting  the distribution of voting tickets and coffee service will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EEST). During the coffees offered before the meeting  it is possible to meet and discuss with the Company's management.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation. Instructions for advance voting and authorization of proxy representatives are presented in Section C. “Instructions for Participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.The Company will arrange an opportunity for shareholders who have registered for the Annual General Meeting to follow the meeting via a webcast. Shareholders following the meeting in this manner are not considered to participate in the Annual General Meeting and such shareholders may not exercise shareholders’ rights through the webcast. For further instructions  please refer to Section C. “Instructions for the Participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022- Review by the CEOThe Company’s annual report for 2022  published on 3 March 2023  which includes the Company’s annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report  is available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.A recording of the CEO’s review will be available on the Company’s website after the Annual General Meeting.7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of fundsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Company deviates from its dividend distribution policy and that no dividend be distributed from the profit of the 2022 financial year. The Board of Directors proposes that the profit for the financial period be transferred to the account for retained earnings.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Advisory resolution on the approval of the remuneration reportThe Board of Director’s Remuneration Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the Company’s remuneration report.The Company’s remuneration report is available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings and has been published by way of a stock exchange release on 3 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual fees to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected at the Annual General Meeting for the term of office ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 are the following:EUR 70 000 for the Chairperson of the Board of Directors  andEUR 35 000 for each member of the Board of Directors.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that 50 per cent of the annual fee be paid in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj shares either purchased from the market or alternatively by using treasury shares held by the Company. The purchase of shares or transfer of treasury shares is proposed to be carried out in four equal instalments  each instalment being purchased or transferred within the two-week period beginning on the date following the announcement of each of the Company's interim reports and the Company's financial statements bulletin for 2023. It is proposed that the Company will pay the transaction costs and transfer tax in connection with the purchase or transfer of remuneration shares. The rest of the annual fee is proposed to be paid in cash  which is used to cover taxes arising from the fees.If the shares due in any such instalment cannot be purchased or transferred within the time period indicated above due to legal or other regulatory restrictions or due to reasons related to a Board member  the amount of annual remuneration due for payment in such instalment is proposed to be paid fully in cash.The annual fees payable to members of the committees of the Board of Directors for the term of office ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 are proposed to be the following:EUR 12 000 for the Chairperson of the Audit Committee EUR 10 000 for the Vice Chairperson of the Audit Committee EUR 6 000 for each member of the Audit Committee EUR 8 000 for the Chairperson of the Remuneration Committee  andEUR 4 000 for each member of the Remuneration Committee.The fees of the committees are proposed to be paid in cash. It is additionally proposed that the members of the Board of Directors shall be compensated for reasonable accrued travel and lodging expenses as well as other potential costs related to Board and Committee work.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the Board of Directors consists of seven (7) members.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the following persons be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2024: Johan Ryding  Kai Seikku  Samuli Seppälä and Arja Talma. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board further proposes that Robin Bade  Henrik Pankakoski and Kati Riikonen be elected as new members of the Board of Directors for the same term of office. Christoffer Häggblom  Mikko Kärkkäinen and Frida Ridderstolpe have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.All nominees have given their consent to the election. All nominees are deemed independent of the Company and its major shareholders except for Samuli Seppälä.The Chairperson of the Board will be elected by the members of the Board of Directors from amongst themselves. The nominees to the Board of Directors have indicated to the Shareholders’ Nomination Board that if elected  they will elect Arja Talma as the Chairperson of the Board of Directors.The nominees’ biographical details are available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors’ Audit Committee proposes that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to the reasonable invoice approved by the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors’ Audit Committee has prepared its recommendation in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) and organized an audit firm selection procedure. The Committee has reviewed several potential audit firm candidates based on predetermined selection criteria and identified PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy and KPMG Oy Ab as the best candidates. After careful consideration based on the selection criteria  PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy became the Committee’s preference and recommended audit firm for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors’ Audit Committee confirms that its recommendation is free from influence by a third party and that no clause of kind referred to in paragraph 6 of Article 16 of the EU Audit Regulation  which would restrict the choice by the Annual General Meeting as regards the appointment of the auditor  has been imposed upon it.The Board of Directors’ Audit Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorized Public Accountants firm  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the Company that Mikko Nieminen  Authorized Public Accountant  would be the auditor-in-charge.16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 4 535 453 shares in one or several instalments using the unrestricted equity of the Company  however taking into account the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum number of the treasury shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. The proposed number of shares represents a maximum of approximately ten (10) per cent of the total number of the shares in the Company.The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to resolve on all other terms and conditions of the repurchase of the shares  including the repurchase of shares in another proportion than that of the existing shareholdings of the shareholders (the directed repurchase). The shares can be repurchased on the trading venues where the Company’s shares are traded at the market price of the time of the repurchase  or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase.Shares may be repurchased for the purposes of improving the Company’s capital structure  financing or carrying out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  implementing prospective incentive and remuneration schemes  or to be otherwise transferred further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled.It is proposed that the authorization be valid until the close of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorization revokes previous unused authorizations for the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue by one or several resolutions. A maximum of 4 535 453 shares may be issued on the basis of the authorization. The proposed maximum authorized number represents approximately ten (10) per cent of the total number of the shares in the Company. The Board of Directors may resolve to issue either new shares or transfer the treasury shares held by the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the share issue  including the deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights for a weighty financial reason. The authorization may be used to improve the Company’s capital structure  to finance or carry out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  to implement prospective incentive and remuneration schemes or to be used for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorization be valid until the close of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorization revokes previous unused share issue authorizations.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 7 of the Articles of Association be amended such that  if the Board of Directors so resolve  the general meeting may be held entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting and that the reference in Article 7 to the publication of information about the delivered notice to the general meeting in a newspaper be removed.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 8 be amended such that the Annual General Meeting shall also resolve  in addition to the items currently listed in Article 8  on the adoption of the remuneration policy  when necessary  and on the adoption of the remuneration report  and that the numbering of current sub-items 4−8 of Article 8 be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments.In their amended forms  said provisions of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“Article 7: Notice to convene a General Meeting of ShareholdersThe notice to convene a General Meeting of Shareholders shall be delivered to shareholders no earlier than three months and no later than nine days prior to the record date of the General Meeting of Shareholders. The General Meeting of Shareholders is convened by publishing the notice on the Company's website.In order to attend the General Meeting of Shareholders  the shareholder must register in advance with the Company at the latest by the date stated in the notice  which may be no earlier than ten (10) days prior to the General Meeting of Shareholders.The Board of Directors may resolve on organising a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their resolution-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”“Article 8: Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held annually within six months from the end of the financial period.The Annual General Meeting shall decide on:1. the adoption of the financial statements and  if the Company is a parent company  the adoption of the consolidated financial statements;2. the measures called for by the profit shown on the balance sheet;3. discharging the members of the Board of Directors and any CEO from liability;4. the remuneration policy  when necessary;5. the remuneration report;6. the number of the members of the Board of Directors and the number of any deputy members;7. the remunerations of the members of the Board of Directors and the auditors and the reimbursement policy for travel expenses;elect:8. members of the Board of Directors and any deputy members;9. the auditor;and handle:10. other matters mentioned separately in the notice of the Annual General Meeting.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned resolution proposals relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Verkkokauppa.com Oyj’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings. The annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the remuneration report of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj  have been available on the above-mentioned website as of 3 March 2023. The proposals for resolutions and other documents referred to above will also be available for review at the Annual General Meeting.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 13 April 2023 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date for the Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2023 is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 6 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 23 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the notice must have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be done in the following manners:a) On the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetingsElectronic registration requires that the shareholder or its legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By emailAlternatively  a shareholder may send the notice of participation to Innovatics Ltd by email to agm@innovatics.fi.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information  such as their name  birth date or business identity code  contact details and the name of a proxy representative or assistant  if any  and the birth date of the proxy representative.The personal data given to Verkkokauppa.com and Innovatics Ltd by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection to the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations. Further information on how the Company processes personal data is available in the privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 27 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in share ownership following the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not have an impact on the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor on the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the Company’s temporary shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank without delay. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the Company’s temporary shareholders’ register within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares. If necessary  the account management organization of the custodian bank shall also take care of the voting in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representatives and power of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.Proxy representatives must use their personal electronic authentication when registering through the electronic registration service for the meeting and voting in advance  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. A proxy representative shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares  by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder  shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates are available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with registration or  alternatively  by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the expiry of the registration period  by which time the documents must have been received.In addition to delivering the proxy documents the shareholder or its proxy representative shall also register to the Annual General Meeting in the manner set out in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorisation. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorises a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). In connection with registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which they can register and vote in advance. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 6 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) until 23 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). Advance voting can be done in the following manners:a) On the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetingsVoting in advance electronically requires that the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By emailA shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by Innovatics Ltd before the expiry of the advance voting period. Submission of votes before the expiry of the voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the Annual General Meeting if they or their proxy representative is not present at the venue of the Annual General Meeting.With regards to holders of nominee registered shares  advance voting is performed via the custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for holders of nominee registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the Annual General Meeting.The terms and conditions as well as other instructions concerning the advance voting are available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.The Company will arrange an opportunity for shareholders who have registered for the Annual General Meeting to follow the meeting online via a webcast. A video link and password to follow the meeting online will be sent by email and/or as a text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the webcast does not constitute participation in the Annual General Meeting and it will not be possible for shareholders to exercise their rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders who intend to follow the meeting via webcast and wish to exercise their voting rights are referred to vote in advance or by way of proxy representation.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions and request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or a shareholder’s number of votes at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  6 March 2023  the total number of shares in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj is 45 354 532 and the total number of votes in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj is 45 354 532.Helsinki  6 March 2023VERKKOKAUPPA.COM OYJBoard of DirectorsMore information:Robert Tallberg  Head of LegalVerkkokauppa.com Oyjrobert.tallberg@verkkokauppa.comTel. +358 50 570 0858Marja Mäkinen  Head of Investor Relations and Corporate CommunicationsVerkkokauppa.com Oyjmarja.makinen@verkkokauppa.comTel. +358 40 671 2999Verkkokauppa.com empowers its customers to follow their passion by providing a wide product assortment of around 90 000 products. Verkkokauppa.com Oyj serves its retail and corporate customers through its webstore  megastores  kiosk and network of collection points as well as fast deliveries and various services. As Finland’s most popular and most visited domestic online retailer  its deliveries cover around 75 percent of the Finnish population within the next day. The Company has four megastores: in Oulu  Pirkkala  Raisio  and Helsinki  where its headquarters is also located. Verkkokauppa.com employs more than 750 people and its shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange with the ticker VERK.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Verkkokauppa', 'Oyj', 'Notice', 'Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'four equal instalments', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'financial statements bulletin', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Annual Accounts', 'annual fee', 'annual remuneration', 'financial period', 'annual report', 'Pörssitalo', 'Pörssisali', 'voting tickets', 'coffee service', 'voting rights', 'proxy representation', 'proxy representatives', 'Section C.', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', '50 per cent', 'Oyj shares', 'two-week period', 'interim reports', 'transaction costs', 'time period', 'Audit Committee', 'shareholders’ rights', 'Remuneration Committee', '2022 financial year', 'The Board', 'treasury shares', 'remuneration shares', 'advance voting', 'remuneration report', 'distribution policy', 'transfer tax', 'The Company', 'Advisory resolution', 'Verkkokauppa.com', 'Board member', 'fees', 'March', 'NOTICE', 'EEST', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'management', 'way', 'Instructions', 'authorization', 'Participants', 'opportunity', 'webcast', 'manner', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'website', 'investors', 'recording', 'use', 'profit', 'funds', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'approval', 'general-meetings', 'term', 'office', 'close', 'Chairperson', 'market', 'purchase', 'date', 'announcement', 'connection', 'cash', 'taxes', 'reasons', 'amount', 'payment', 'committees', '4:45', '2:00', '1:00', '2023']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19890,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2621293/0/en/Verkkokauppa-com-Oyj-Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Verkkokauppa.com Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting,Verkkokauppa.com Oyj        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE         6 March 2023 at 4:45 pm EET  NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  Notice is given to the......,English FinnishVerkkokauppa.com Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 6 March 2023 at 4:45 pm EETNOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj (“Verkkokauppa.com” or the “Company”) to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 30 March 2023 starting at 2:00 p.m. (EEST) at Pörssitalo  Pörssisali  Fabianinkatu 14  FI-00100 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting  the distribution of voting tickets and coffee service will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EEST). During the coffees offered before the meeting  it is possible to meet and discuss with the Company's management.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation. Instructions for advance voting and authorization of proxy representatives are presented in Section C. “Instructions for Participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.The Company will arrange an opportunity for shareholders who have registered for the Annual General Meeting to follow the meeting via a webcast. Shareholders following the meeting in this manner are not considered to participate in the Annual General Meeting and such shareholders may not exercise shareholders’ rights through the webcast. For further instructions  please refer to Section C. “Instructions for the Participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022- Review by the CEOThe Company’s annual report for 2022  published on 3 March 2023  which includes the Company’s annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report  is available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.A recording of the CEO’s review will be available on the Company’s website after the Annual General Meeting.7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of fundsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Company deviates from its dividend distribution policy and that no dividend be distributed from the profit of the 2022 financial year. The Board of Directors proposes that the profit for the financial period be transferred to the account for retained earnings.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Advisory resolution on the approval of the remuneration reportThe Board of Director’s Remuneration Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the Company’s remuneration report.The Company’s remuneration report is available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings and has been published by way of a stock exchange release on 3 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual fees to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected at the Annual General Meeting for the term of office ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 are the following:EUR 70 000 for the Chairperson of the Board of Directors  andEUR 35 000 for each member of the Board of Directors.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that 50 per cent of the annual fee be paid in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj shares either purchased from the market or alternatively by using treasury shares held by the Company. The purchase of shares or transfer of treasury shares is proposed to be carried out in four equal instalments  each instalment being purchased or transferred within the two-week period beginning on the date following the announcement of each of the Company's interim reports and the Company's financial statements bulletin for 2023. It is proposed that the Company will pay the transaction costs and transfer tax in connection with the purchase or transfer of remuneration shares. The rest of the annual fee is proposed to be paid in cash  which is used to cover taxes arising from the fees.If the shares due in any such instalment cannot be purchased or transferred within the time period indicated above due to legal or other regulatory restrictions or due to reasons related to a Board member  the amount of annual remuneration due for payment in such instalment is proposed to be paid fully in cash.The annual fees payable to members of the committees of the Board of Directors for the term of office ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2024 are proposed to be the following:EUR 12 000 for the Chairperson of the Audit Committee EUR 10 000 for the Vice Chairperson of the Audit Committee EUR 6 000 for each member of the Audit Committee EUR 8 000 for the Chairperson of the Remuneration Committee  andEUR 4 000 for each member of the Remuneration Committee.The fees of the committees are proposed to be paid in cash. It is additionally proposed that the members of the Board of Directors shall be compensated for reasonable accrued travel and lodging expenses as well as other potential costs related to Board and Committee work.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the Board of Directors consists of seven (7) members.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the following persons be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2024: Johan Ryding  Kai Seikku  Samuli Seppälä and Arja Talma. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board further proposes that Robin Bade  Henrik Pankakoski and Kati Riikonen be elected as new members of the Board of Directors for the same term of office. Christoffer Häggblom  Mikko Kärkkäinen and Frida Ridderstolpe have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.All nominees have given their consent to the election. All nominees are deemed independent of the Company and its major shareholders except for Samuli Seppälä.The Chairperson of the Board will be elected by the members of the Board of Directors from amongst themselves. The nominees to the Board of Directors have indicated to the Shareholders’ Nomination Board that if elected  they will elect Arja Talma as the Chairperson of the Board of Directors.The nominees’ biographical details are available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors’ Audit Committee proposes that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to the reasonable invoice approved by the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors’ Audit Committee has prepared its recommendation in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014) and organized an audit firm selection procedure. The Committee has reviewed several potential audit firm candidates based on predetermined selection criteria and identified PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy and KPMG Oy Ab as the best candidates. After careful consideration based on the selection criteria  PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy became the Committee’s preference and recommended audit firm for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors’ Audit Committee confirms that its recommendation is free from influence by a third party and that no clause of kind referred to in paragraph 6 of Article 16 of the EU Audit Regulation  which would restrict the choice by the Annual General Meeting as regards the appointment of the auditor  has been imposed upon it.The Board of Directors’ Audit Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorized Public Accountants firm  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the Company that Mikko Nieminen  Authorized Public Accountant  would be the auditor-in-charge.16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 4 535 453 shares in one or several instalments using the unrestricted equity of the Company  however taking into account the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum number of the treasury shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. The proposed number of shares represents a maximum of approximately ten (10) per cent of the total number of the shares in the Company.The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to resolve on all other terms and conditions of the repurchase of the shares  including the repurchase of shares in another proportion than that of the existing shareholdings of the shareholders (the directed repurchase). The shares can be repurchased on the trading venues where the Company’s shares are traded at the market price of the time of the repurchase  or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase.Shares may be repurchased for the purposes of improving the Company’s capital structure  financing or carrying out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  implementing prospective incentive and remuneration schemes  or to be otherwise transferred further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled.It is proposed that the authorization be valid until the close of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorization revokes previous unused authorizations for the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue by one or several resolutions. A maximum of 4 535 453 shares may be issued on the basis of the authorization. The proposed maximum authorized number represents approximately ten (10) per cent of the total number of the shares in the Company. The Board of Directors may resolve to issue either new shares or transfer the treasury shares held by the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the share issue  including the deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights for a weighty financial reason. The authorization may be used to improve the Company’s capital structure  to finance or carry out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  to implement prospective incentive and remuneration schemes or to be used for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorization be valid until the close of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorization revokes previous unused share issue authorizations.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 7 of the Articles of Association be amended such that  if the Board of Directors so resolve  the general meeting may be held entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting and that the reference in Article 7 to the publication of information about the delivered notice to the general meeting in a newspaper be removed.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 8 be amended such that the Annual General Meeting shall also resolve  in addition to the items currently listed in Article 8  on the adoption of the remuneration policy  when necessary  and on the adoption of the remuneration report  and that the numbering of current sub-items 4−8 of Article 8 be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments.In their amended forms  said provisions of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“Article 7: Notice to convene a General Meeting of ShareholdersThe notice to convene a General Meeting of Shareholders shall be delivered to shareholders no earlier than three months and no later than nine days prior to the record date of the General Meeting of Shareholders. The General Meeting of Shareholders is convened by publishing the notice on the Company's website.In order to attend the General Meeting of Shareholders  the shareholder must register in advance with the Company at the latest by the date stated in the notice  which may be no earlier than ten (10) days prior to the General Meeting of Shareholders.The Board of Directors may resolve on organising a General Meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their resolution-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”“Article 8: Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held annually within six months from the end of the financial period.The Annual General Meeting shall decide on:1. the adoption of the financial statements and  if the Company is a parent company  the adoption of the consolidated financial statements;2. the measures called for by the profit shown on the balance sheet;3. discharging the members of the Board of Directors and any CEO from liability;4. the remuneration policy  when necessary;5. the remuneration report;6. the number of the members of the Board of Directors and the number of any deputy members;7. the remunerations of the members of the Board of Directors and the auditors and the reimbursement policy for travel expenses;elect:8. members of the Board of Directors and any deputy members;9. the auditor;and handle:10. other matters mentioned separately in the notice of the Annual General Meeting.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned resolution proposals relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Verkkokauppa.com Oyj’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings. The annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the remuneration report of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj  have been available on the above-mentioned website as of 3 March 2023. The proposals for resolutions and other documents referred to above will also be available for review at the Annual General Meeting.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 13 April 2023 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date for the Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2023 is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 6 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 23 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the notice must have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be done in the following manners:a) On the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetingsElectronic registration requires that the shareholder or its legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By emailAlternatively  a shareholder may send the notice of participation to Innovatics Ltd by email to agm@innovatics.fi.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information  such as their name  birth date or business identity code  contact details and the name of a proxy representative or assistant  if any  and the birth date of the proxy representative.The personal data given to Verkkokauppa.com and Innovatics Ltd by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection to the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations. Further information on how the Company processes personal data is available in the privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 27 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in share ownership following the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not have an impact on the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor on the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the Company’s temporary shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank without delay. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the Company’s temporary shareholders’ register within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares. If necessary  the account management organization of the custodian bank shall also take care of the voting in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representatives and power of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.Proxy representatives must use their personal electronic authentication when registering through the electronic registration service for the meeting and voting in advance  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. A proxy representative shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares  by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder  shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates are available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with registration or  alternatively  by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the expiry of the registration period  by which time the documents must have been received.In addition to delivering the proxy documents the shareholder or its proxy representative shall also register to the Annual General Meeting in the manner set out in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorisation. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorises a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). In connection with registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which they can register and vote in advance. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 6 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) until 23 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). Advance voting can be done in the following manners:a) On the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetingsVoting in advance electronically requires that the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By emailA shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by Innovatics Ltd before the expiry of the advance voting period. Submission of votes before the expiry of the voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the Annual General Meeting if they or their proxy representative is not present at the venue of the Annual General Meeting.With regards to holders of nominee registered shares  advance voting is performed via the custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for holders of nominee registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the Annual General Meeting.The terms and conditions as well as other instructions concerning the advance voting are available on the Company’s website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/general-meetings.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.The Company will arrange an opportunity for shareholders who have registered for the Annual General Meeting to follow the meeting online via a webcast. A video link and password to follow the meeting online will be sent by email and/or as a text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the webcast does not constitute participation in the Annual General Meeting and it will not be possible for shareholders to exercise their rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders who intend to follow the meeting via webcast and wish to exercise their voting rights are referred to vote in advance or by way of proxy representation.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions and request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or a shareholder’s number of votes at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  6 March 2023  the total number of shares in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj is 45 354 532 and the total number of votes in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj is 45 354 532.Helsinki  6 March 2023VERKKOKAUPPA.COM OYJBoard of DirectorsMore information:Robert Tallberg  Head of LegalVerkkokauppa.com Oyjrobert.tallberg@verkkokauppa.comTel. +358 50 570 0858Marja Mäkinen  Head of Investor Relations and Corporate CommunicationsVerkkokauppa.com Oyjmarja.makinen@verkkokauppa.comTel. +358 40 671 2999Verkkokauppa.com empowers its customers to follow their passion by providing a wide product assortment of around 90 000 products. Verkkokauppa.com Oyj serves its retail and corporate customers through its webstore  megastores  kiosk and network of collection points as well as fast deliveries and various services. As Finland’s most popular and most visited domestic online retailer  its deliveries cover around 75 percent of the Finnish population within the next day. The Company has four megastores: in Oulu  Pirkkala  Raisio  and Helsinki  where its headquarters is also located. Verkkokauppa.com employs more than 750 people and its shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange with the ticker VERK.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.49,0.51,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Verkkokauppa', 'Oyj', 'Notice', 'Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'four equal instalments', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'financial statements bulletin', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Annual Accounts', 'annual fee', 'annual remuneration', 'financial period', 'annual report', 'English Finnish', 'Pörssitalo', 'Pörssisali', 'voting tickets', 'coffee service', 'voting rights', 'proxy representation', 'proxy representatives', 'Section C.', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', '50 per cent', 'Oyj shares', 'two-week period', 'interim reports', 'transaction costs', 'time period', 'shareholders’ rights', 'Remuneration Committee', '2022 financial year', 'The Board', 'treasury shares', 'remuneration shares', 'advance voting', 'remuneration report', 'distribution policy', 'transfer tax', 'The Company', 'Advisory resolution', 'Verkkokauppa.com', 'Board member', 'fees', 'March', 'NOTICE', 'EEST', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'management', 'way', 'Instructions', 'authorization', 'Participants', 'opportunity', 'webcast', 'manner', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'website', 'recording', 'use', 'profit', 'funds', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'approval', 'general-meetings', 'term', 'office', 'close', 'Chairperson', 'market', 'purchase', 'date', 'announcement', 'connection', 'cash', 'taxes', 'reasons', 'amount', 'payment', 'committees', '4:45', '2:00', '1:00', '2023']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19891,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-caverion-corporation-301763085.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Caverion Corporation,Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 6 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. EET HELSINKI  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Caverion Corporation that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Monday  27 March 2023 at 13:00 Finnis…,"Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release 6 March 2023 at 9.00 a.m. EETHELSINKI  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Caverion Corporation that the Annual General Meeting will be held on Monday  27 March 2023 at 13:00 Finnish time at Little Finlandia at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 12:00 Finnish time.After the Annual General Meeting  coffee will be served at the meeting venue.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022Presenting the review by the President and CEO.The Annual Review of the Company  including the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022  is available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements and the consolidated Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that for the financial year 2022  a dividend of EUR 0.20 per share will be paid from the distributable funds of the Company. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment 29 March 2023 are recorded in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid on 5 April 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report of the governing bodiesThe Company's remuneration report of the governing bodies is available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that a Chairman  a Vice Chairman and five (5) ordinary members be elected to the Board of Directors of the Company.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the Chairman  the Vice Chairman and the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that fee be paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected for the beginning term as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors EUR 7 260 per month ( EUR 87 120 per year);per month ( per year); Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors EUR 5 500 per month ( EUR 66 000 per year); andper month ( per year); and Members of the Board of Directors EUR 4 290 per month ( EUR 51 480 per year)The Chairman of each of the permanent Committees of the Board of Directors is proposed to be paid an additional fee of EUR 1 072.50 per month (EUR 12 870 per year)  except in case the same person is the Chairman or the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.On recommendation of the Human Resources Committee  the Board of Directors also proposes that  in addition to the monthly fees  a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 per meeting be paid for the participation in the meetings of the Board of Directors and its Committees. Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed in accordance with decisions and guidance issued by the Tax Administration in respect of tax-exempt allowances for travel expenses and the policies of Caverion Corporation.The justification for the proposal will be available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm at the latest on 10 March 2023.13. Resolution on the remuneration of the Chairman and the members of the Tender Offer Committee of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that the Chairman and the members of the ad hoc Committee of the Board of Directors that has been established for the review and preparation of matters related to the tender offer processes be paid a one-off retroactive additional fee.The additional fee proposed to be paid is EUR 80 000 for the Chairman of the Committee and EUR 23 000 for both members of the Committee. The additional fee is compensation for the work that the Chairman and the members of the Committee have done so far  and it does not relate to the completion of a tender offer in any way. The ad hoc Committee consists of Mats Paulsson as the Chairman of the Committee and Joachim Hallengren and Thomas Hinnerskov as members of the Committee.The justification for the proposal will be available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm at the latest on 10 March 2023.14. Election of Chairman  Vice Chairman and members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors that for a term of office beginning at the end of the Annual General Meeting and expiring at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Jussi Aho  Markus Ehrnrooth  Joachim Hallengren  Thomas Hinnerskov  Kristina Jahn  Mats Paulsson and Jasmin Soravia be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Human Resources Commit-tee of the Board of Directors that Mats Paulsson be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and that Markus Ehrnrooth be elected as Vice Chairman.It is proposed that shareholders take a position on the composition of the Board of Directors as a whole.Personal information and positions of trust of the proposed individuals as well as evaluations of their independence are available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm.15. Removing the transfer restrictions on the remuneration shares of the Board of DirectorsPursuant to decisions by the Company's previous Annual General Meetings  approximately 40% of the annual remuneration of the Board of Directors has been paid in Caverion Corporation's shares  which have been subject to a sale and transfer restriction of two (2) years from the date of purchase. If the membership in the Board of Directors terminates earlier  the transfer restriction ceases according to the decisions at termination.The Board of Directors proposes that said sale and transfer restriction  and the recorded transfer restriction  will be removed on the said remuneration shares.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors that the remuneration for the auditor be paid according to an invoice approved by the Company.17. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors that Authorised Public Accountants Ernst & Young Oy be re-elected as auditor of the Company for a term of office expiring at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Ernst & Young Oy has informed that the auditor-in-charge would be Antti Suominen  Authorised Public Accountant.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares in one or more instalments as follows:The total number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge shall not exceed 13 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 9.7% of all the shares in the Company. The Company may use only unrestricted equity to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation.Purchase of own shares may be made at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.The Board of Directors resolves on the manner in which own shares will be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. The repurchase of own shares may be made using  inter alia  derivatives. The repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of own shares may be made otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders (directed repurchase or acceptance as pledge).The authorisation cancels the authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 28 March 2022 to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares.The authorisation is valid until 27 September 2024.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on share issues in one or more instalments as follows:The total number of shares to be issued under the authorisation may not exceed 13 500 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 9.7% of all the shares in the Company.The Board of Directors decides on all the conditions of the issuance of shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorisation can be used  e.g. in order to develop the Company's capital structure  to broaden the Company's ownership base  to be used as payment in corporate acquisitions or when the Company acquires assets relating to its business and as part of the Company's incentive programs.The authorisation cancels the authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 28 March 2022 to decide on the issuance of shares.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than 30 June 2024.20. Amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolve on amending Article 8 of the Company's Articles of Association to enable holding a General Meeting in Espoo or Vantaa in addition to the Company's registered domicile or completely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. In its amended form  said Article reads as follows (addition underlined):8 § The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held annually by the end of March.An Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held whenever deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors or when so required by law. The notice of the meeting of shareholders shall be published on the company website. However  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice of meeting as a newspaper advertisement. If so  the notice of meeting will be served by placing an advertisement in a newspaper with nationwide circulation selected by the Board of Directors. In all other respects  the provisions of the Limited Liability Companies Act regarding the notice of meeting shall apply.To be able to attend the General Meeting of Shareholders  the shareholders shall notify the Company thereof by the date indicated in the notice of the meeting which may be no earlier than ten days before the meeting. Additionally  the provisions of the Limited Liability Companies Act concerning the right to attend the General Meeting of Shareholders of a company included in the Book Entry Securities System shall apply.A General Meeting of Shareholders will be held at a venue determined by the Board of Directors. The venue may be located in the Company's registered domicile or in Espoo or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may also decide that the meeting will be organised completely without a meeting venue so that the shareholders will exercise their power of decision during the meeting in full and in real time by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).In other respects  the Articles of Association are proposed to remain unchanged.21. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice convening the Annual General Meeting which includes all proposals of the Board of Directors is available to shareholders on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm. The Annual Review of Caverion Corporation  including the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022  as well as the Company's remuneration report of the governing bodies  are available to the shareholders on the Company's website. The Company will not publish a printed Annual Review.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than on 10 April 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THOSE PARTICIPATING IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders registerEach shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  which is 15 March 2023  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholder register of the Company. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting. Instructions for holders of nominee-registered shares are set out below under section C. 2. ""Holders of nominee-registered shares"".The registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on 6 March 2023 at 12:00 Finnish time. A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholder register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register no later than on 22 March 2023 at 16:00 Finnish time  by which time the registration shall be received. Registration can take place in the following ways:on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agmElectronic registration via the Company's website requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative with a Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.by e-mail to [email protected] or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Caverion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  FinlandFurther information concerning registration is available by phone during the registration period from Innovatics Ltd by telephone at +358 10 281 8909 between 9:00 and 12:00 and 13:00 and 16:00 Finnish time from Monday to Friday.The requested information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name of the shareholder's possible proxy representative and the date of birth of the proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data given to Caverion Corporation or Innovatics Ltd by shareholders is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and in connection with the processing of the related necessary registrations.The shareholder  their authorised representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  15 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholder register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy no later than on 22 March 2023 by 10:00 Finnish time. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner prove their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. A proxy template is available on the Company's website at www.caverion.com/agm. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Any proxy documents are requested to be delivered preferably as an attachment via the electronic registration service available on the Company's website as described in section C. 1. above  or alternatively by e-mail to [email protected] or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Caverion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period on 22 March 2023 at 16:00 Finnish time. In addition to submitting the proxy document  the shareholder or their proxy representative shall see to the registration for the Annual General Meeting in a manner described above in this notice.Shareholders who are entities can also use Suomi.fi e-Authorisation service for authorising a proxy representative instead of a traditional power of attorney. The proxy representative will be authorised in Suomi.fi e-Authorisation service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (mandate ""Representation at the General Meeting""). In the electronic registration service  the authorised person must in connection with the registration identify themselves by using strong electronic identification and thereafter register on behalf of the shareholder that they represent. The strong electronic identification takes place by Finnish banking codes or mobile ID. More information on the electronic authorisation is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Other informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish. Simultaneous interpreting is available in the meeting in English.Pursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting  has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice convening the Annual General Meeting  6 March 2023  the total number of shares and votes in Caverion Corporation is 138 920 092. On the date of this notice  the Company holds 2 447 447 treasury shares. Pursuant to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  shares held by the Company itself or its subsidiaries do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting.Helsinki  6 March 2023Caverion CorporationBoard of DirectorsDistribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  key media  www.caverion.comFor additional information  please contact:Milena Hæggström Head of Investor Relations and External Communicationstel. +358 40 5581 328[email protected]The following files are available for download:SOURCE Caverion",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Caverion Corporation', 'Notice', 'Caverion Corporation Stock exchange release', 'one-off retroactive additional fee', 'tender offer processes', 'Human Resources Committee', 'ad hoc Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Possible travel expenses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Tender Offer Committee', 'consolidated Financial Statements', 'five (5) ordinary members', 'Annual Review', 'meeting fee', '13:00 Finnish time', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting tickets', '12:00 Finnish time', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'record date', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'beginning term', 'same person', 'monthly fees', 'Tax Administration', 'tax-exempt allowances', 'Mats Paulsson', 'Joachim Hallengren', 'Thomas Hinnerskov', 'meeting venue', 'following matters', 'permanent Committees', 'financial year', 'Vice Chairman', 'A. MATTERS', 'remuneration report', 'The Company', 'The Board', '9.00 a', 'HELSINKI', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'coffee', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'website', 'agm', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '5 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'number', 'recommendation', 'case', 'participation', 'meetings', 'accordance', 'decisions', 'guidance', 'respect', 'policies', 'justification', 'proposal', 'preparation', 'compensation', 'work', 'completion', 'way', '7.']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,prnewswire.com
19892,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.financialexpress.com/economy/listing-of-gilts-on-global-indices-unlikely-in-fy24/3001478/,Listing of gilts on global indices unlikely in FY24,The Centre is in no hurry to go for a listing of the government securities (G-secs) on global bond indices in the next financial year beginning April 1 given the current global uncertainties and demand for exemption from the capital gains tax.,The Centre is in no hurry to go for a listing of the government securities (G-secs) on global bond indices in the next financial year beginning April 1 given the current global uncertainties and demand for exemption from the capital gains tax.“It has costs. So  we have to take a balanced view. We are not yearning for it to happen immediately ” an official told FE.Currently  appreciation in bond prices is considered capital gains  and long-term capital gains (LTCG) tax is 10% plus a surcharge and cess for securities held for more than 12 months.“They (potential investors through global indices) are looking for tax benefits which we are not willing to give ” the official said.Analysts were expecting an announcement on the taxation issue in the FY24 Budget  but there was no mention of it.The government has been in talks JP Morgan and Bloomberg-Barclays for the overseas listing.Also read: Digital and tech ‘propel’ Retail and FMCG sectors to reinvent in the new normal: Deloitte-FICCI ReportAnother factor that has held back the government in this regard is the global uncertainties  including in interest rates and exchange rate volatilities  officials reckon.India’s forex reserves stood at $566 billion as on February 10  down $40.4 billion since March 31  2022  largely due to stronger dollar and foreign portfolio investor outflows. India does not want to be exposed to capital outflows due to some crisis or other happening elsewhere in the world.“Once G-Secs are listed overseas  one cannot escape the volatility that goes with it just like how FPI moving out of equity creates disruption  the same will happen here ” Bank of Baroda chief economist Madan Sabnavis said.The government was also keen on onshore bond settlement in India while index investors favoured international settlement platforms such as Euroclear.Investors cited hurdles that need to be resolved  including a lengthy investor registration process and the operational readiness required for trading  settlement and custody of assets onshore  JPMorgan Chase had said in October 2022.Global listing could have deepened the market for G-secs as passive funds track such indices to allocate a portion of their investment to emerging market securities such as India’s.Also read: Banks to remain closed for 12 days in March 2023; Check full bank holiday list hereMorgan Stanley had predicted earlier that listing G-secs on global bond indices could generate $170-250 billion of inflows over the next decade.,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.07,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['global indices', 'Listing', 'gilts', 'FY24', 'lengthy investor registration process', 'foreign portfolio investor outflows', 'full bank holiday list', 'exchange rate volatilities', 'Baroda chief economist', 'next financial year', 'international settlement platforms', 'long-term capital gains', 'onshore bond settlement', 'current global uncertainties', 'global bond indices', 'capital gains tax', 'emerging market securities', 'capital outflows', 'bond prices', 'global indices', 'next decade', 'The Centre', 'balanced view', 'tax benefits', 'taxation issue', 'FY24 Budget', 'JP Morgan', 'FMCG sectors', 'new normal', 'Deloitte-FICCI Report', 'interest rates', 'forex reserves', 'stronger dollar', 'Madan Sabnavis', 'operational readiness', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Global listing', 'passive funds', 'Morgan Stanley', 'potential investors', 'index investors', 'overseas listing', 'government securities', 'hurry', 'G-secs', 'April', 'demand', 'exemption', 'costs', 'official', 'FE', 'appreciation', 'LTCG', 'surcharge', '12 months', 'Analysts', 'announcement', 'mention', 'talks', 'Bloomberg-Barclays', 'Digital', 'factor', 'regard', 'India', 'March', 'crisis', 'world', 'volatility', 'FPI', 'equity', 'disruption', 'Euroclear', 'hurdles', 'trading', 'custody', 'assets', 'October', 'portion', 'investment', 'Banks', '12 days', 'inflows']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,financialexpress.com
19893,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The Most Influential Women in Payments  2023 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/3K0x5e2tTN #regtech,nan,The Most Influential Women in Payments  2023 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/3K0x5e2tTN #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Influential Women', 'The', 'Payments', 'K0x5e2tTN', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Influential Women', 'The', 'Payments', 'K0x5e2tTN']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19894,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,SeaComm Federal Credit Union to merge with New York neighbor #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Y7wNvitt1k #regtech,nan,SeaComm Federal Credit Union to merge with New York neighbor #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Y7wNvitt1k #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['SeaComm Federal Credit Union', 'New York neighbor', 'SeaComm Federal Credit Union', 'New York neighbor']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,Unknown
19895,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Is there a place for ChatGPT-like tech in banks? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/aIjqLYgW08 #regtech,nan,Is there a place for ChatGPT-like tech in banks? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/aIjqLYgW08 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['place', 'ChatGPT', 'banks', 'place', 'ChatGPT', 'banks']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,Unknown
19896,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/peoplemovesarticle.php?article_id=14078&navigationaction=home&page=1&newssection=People%20Moves,Simon Martin joins Clearstream,Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He joins Clearstream from SS&C Technologies,Simon Martin joins ClearstreamSimon Martin has been appointed head of sales at Clearstream  based in Sydney.Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He joins Clearstream from SS&C Technologies  where he served on the Aloha sales team.Prior to this  he spent more than two years with IHS Markit as a software solutions director and sales director for Markit EDM and thinkFolio.Martin spent several years working in London at Northern Trust  most recently as an investment manager liaison representative.He then joined J.P. Morgan Chase in Sydney  where he served as a client relationship manager before becoming a vice president and securities lending sales and relationship manager for South East Asia  Australia and New Zealand.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Simon Martin', 'Clearstream', 'J.P. Morgan Chase', 'investment manager liaison representative', 'financial services industry', 'SS&C Technologies', 'South East Asia', 'software solutions director', 'client relationship manager', 'Aloha sales team', 'securities lending sales', 'sales director', 'IHS Markit', 'Markit EDM', 'Northern Trust', 'vice president', 'New Zealand', 'two years', 'several years', 'Simon Martin', '15 years', 'Clearstream', 'head', 'Sydney', 'experience', 'thinkFolio', 'London', 'Australia']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,assetservicingtimes.com
19897,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/oENzwydbiZ,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/oENzwydbiZ,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast', 'ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19898,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Simon Martin joins Clearstream. Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He… https://t.co/vH2MQrbEyN,nan,Simon Martin joins Clearstream. Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He… https://t.co/vH2MQrbEyN,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['financial services industry', 'Simon Martin', 'Clearstream', '15 years', 'experience', 'vH2MQrbEyN', 'financial services industry', 'Simon Martin', 'Clearstream', '15 years', 'experience', 'vH2MQrbEyN']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19899,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@messyspiritual I’ll check it out! I saw Clearstream and giving it a free trial go.,nan,@messyspiritual I’ll check it out! I saw Clearstream and giving it a free trial go.,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['free trial', 'Clearstream', 'free trial', 'Clearstream']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,Unknown
19900,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RHEINMETALL-AG-436527/news/Rheinmetall-to-Join-Germany-s-DAX-Index-43166877/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Rheinmetall to Join Germany's DAX Index,(marketscreener.com)  By Mauro Orru  Arms producer Rheinmetall AG is set to join Germany's blue-chip DAX index later this month after its share price more than doubled since Russia invaded Ukraine and Western countries began supplying weapons to Kyiv.  …,By Mauro OrruArms producer Rheinmetall AG is set to join Germany's blue-chip DAX index later this month after its share price more than doubled since Russia invaded Ukraine and Western countries began supplying weapons to Kyiv.German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse AG said late Friday that Rheinmetall would be added to the DAX on March 20  replacing dialysis-care provider Fresenius Medical Care AG.Rheinmetall's share price surged from around EUR95.00 in the days prior to Russia's invasion of Ukraine on Feb. 24 last year to EUR248.60 at market close on Friday  giving it a market value of roughly 10.83 billion euros ($11.52 billion)  according to FactSet.Rheinmetall is best known for its armored vehicles and munitions production. The German company also supplies equipment for the German-made Leopard 2 tank.Earlier this year  Germany said it would provide 14 Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine and allow other European nations to provide dozens more.Write to Mauro Orru at mauro.orru@wsj.com; @MauroOrru94(END) Dow Jones Newswires03-06-23 0200ET,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['DAX Index', 'Rheinmetall', 'Germany', 'Fresenius Medical Care AG', 'Arms producer Rheinmetall AG', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'other European nations', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'German exchange operator', 'German-made Leopard 2 tank', 'blue-chip DAX index', 'German company', '14 Leopard 2 tanks', 'share price', 'Western countries', 'dialysis-care provider', '10.83 billion euros', 'armored vehicles', 'munitions production', 'market value', 'Mauro Orru', 'Germany', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'weapons', 'Kyiv', 'March', 'days', 'invasion', 'Feb.', 'Friday', 'FactSet', 'equipment', 'dozens', 'MauroOrru94']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19901,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SFC-ENERGY-AG-473477/news/SFC-Energy-AG-and-its-strategic-partner-FC-TecNrgy-Pvt-Ltd-secure-major-order-from-the-Indian-Minis-43166735/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,SFC Energy AG and its strategic partner FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd. secure major order from the Indian Ministry of Defence for portable fuel cell solutions,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word: Incoming OrdersSFC Energy AG and its strategic partner FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd. secure major order from the Indian Ministry of Defence for portable fuel cell solutions 06.03.2023 / 07:30…,"EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word(s): Incoming OrdersSFC Energy AG and its strategic partner FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd. secure major order from the Indian Ministry of Defence for portable fuel cell solutions06.03.2023 / 07:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.SFC Energy AG and its strategic partner FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd. secure major order from the Indian Ministry of Defence for portable fuel cell solutionsLargest fuel cell contract by the Indian defence forcesContract value of more than EUR 16 millionSFC and FCTec share the vision of a climate-neutral societyBrunnthal/Munich  Germany  March 06  2023 – SFC Energy AG (F3C:DE  ISIN: DE0007568578)  a leading supplier of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions  together with its strategic partner FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd (""FCTec"")  has received a major order from the Indian Defence Forces to supply 450 portable methanol fuel cell systems. The contract includes the supply of the systems over a period of one year for an initial contract value of more than EUR 16 million and the servicing and maintenance of the systems over a period of five years. The assembly of the energy solutions will take place at SFC's Indian subsidiary at the new site in Gurgaon  Haryana. The order is the largest fuel cell contract by the Indian defence forces awarded till date.The portable fuel cell systems are used by infantry and special forces units for parallel charging of multiple batteries and for powering sensors  surveillance and communication systems  among others. Their use often takes place in remote areas  at high altitudes and under extreme climatic conditions. SFC Energy's portable energy solutions are extremely reliable  easy to transport  highly intelligent  and convincing with very low consumption of the fuel methanol.The Indian government is increasingly striving to replace fossil fuel-based environmentally harmful energy systems such as diesel generators by clean energy solutions.As an important boost to the Indian government's ""Make in India"" initiative in the field of clean energy and CO 2 reduction  an agreement on strategic cooperation with mutual equity participation of local companies and production of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells in India was signed between SFC Energy and FCTec on the sidelines of the summit meeting between German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and Prime Minister Shree Narendra Modi and the respective government and business delegations in New Delhi on February 25  2023.""Only a few days after signing our 'Make in India' production agreement with our partner FCTec  we have received an important milestone order for portable fuel cells from the Indian Defense Forces. This confirms our confidence in India's business potential  especially in light of the recent policy measures announced by the Indian government to promote clean energy solutions  including fuel cells. By manufacturing these systems under the 'Make in India' agreement  we aim to contribute our extensive expertise in hydrogen and fuel cell technology to help India achieve its ambitious climate change goals and support the “National Green Hydrogen mission” across various industries and regions. With more than 60 000 fuel cells sold  SFC Energy's globally proven and reliable energy solutions enable efficient and emission-free power generation for a wide range of power and applications. With our strategic partner FCTec in India we share the vision of a climate-neutral society and the conviction to make an important contribution to the global energy transition "" says Dr. Peter Podesser  CEO of SFC Energy AG.""The fuel cell solution was developed jointly to charge and power the commonly used batteries  sensors  surveillance and communication systems of the Indian Defense Forces. The fuel cell is equipped with chip-based smart cables  military-grade connectors  a portable methanol refill unit and a smart hybrid battery  among other features  and weighs less than eight kilograms in total. Defence forces need to carry a large number of spare batteries during their missions. This solution now makes it possible to reduce power consumption by up to 80% while improving reliability  mobility and mission duration besides generating clean energy. We are very pleased and proud that these state-of-the-art fuel cells are now being produced in India together with our partner SFC Energy "" says Colonel Karandeep Singh (Retd.)  Managing Director of FCTec.For more information on SFC Energy's Clean Energy and Clean Power Management solutions  visit sfc.com.About SFC Energy AGSFC Energy AG is a leading provider of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions. With the Clean Energy and Clean Power Management business segments  SFC Energy is a sustainably profitable fuel cell producer. The Company distributes its award-winning products worldwide and has sold more than 60 000 fuel cells to date. The Company is headquartered in Brunnthal/Munich and operates production facilities in Germany  the Netherlands  Romania  and Canada. SFC Energy AG is listed on the Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard and has been part of the selection index SDAX since 2022 (GSIN: 756857  ISIN: DE0007568578).About FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd.FC TecNrgy is a Fuel Cell and Sustainable Energy Tech enterprise and the first company to commence marketing Methanol Fuel Cells in India. With over 6 years of experience in extended trials and validations  the company has now deployed more than 800 Fuel Cell Solutions in India as a back-up power to remote locations & critical infrastructures. We are the first venture in India to secure Fuel Cell contracts with the Indian Army  Indian Air Force  Ministry of Home and Smart Cities.SFC Press Contact:Marc BächlePhone: +49 89 125 09 03-32Email: pr@sfc.comWeb: sfc.comSFC IR Contact:Susan HoffmeisterPhone: +49 89 125 09 03-33Email: susan.hoffmeister@sfc.comWeb: sfc.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.1,0.23,True,English,"['FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd', 'portable fuel cell solutions', 'SFC Energy AG', 'strategic partner', 'major order', 'Indian Ministry', 'Defence', 'fossil fuel-based environmentally harmful energy systems', 'Prime Minister Shree Narendra Modi', 'Clean Power Management business segments', '450 portable methanol fuel cell systems', 'FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd', 'German Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'ambitious climate change goals', 'portable methanol refill unit', 'profitable fuel cell producer', 'mobile hybrid power solutions', 'portable fuel cell solutions', 'Clean Power Management solutions', 'Largest fuel cell contract', 'portable fuel cell systems', 'National Green Hydrogen mission', 'portable energy solutions', 'fuel cell technology', 'smart hybrid battery', 'portable fuel cells', 'emission-free power generation', 'reliable energy solutions', 'extreme climatic conditions', 'mutual equity participation', 'recent policy measures', 'Dr. Peter Podesser', 'chip-based smart cables', 'Colonel Karandeep Singh', 'clean energy solutions', 'methanol fuel cells', 'special forces units', 'global energy transition', 'Indian Defense Forces', 'initial contract value', 'SFC Energy AG', 'Indian defence forces', 'important milestone order', 'climate-neutral society Brunnthal/Munich', 'The Indian government', 'fuel methanol', '60,000 fuel cells', 'power consumption', 'business delegations', 'business potential', 'mission duration', ""India' production agreement"", 'communication systems', 'Indian Ministry', 'Indian subsidiary', 'important boost', 'important contribution', 'respective government', 'Key word', 'Incoming Orders', 'major order', 'leading supplier', 'one year', 'five years', 'new site', 'parallel charging', 'remote areas', 'high altitudes', 'low consumption', 'diesel generators', 'CO 2 reduction', 'strategic cooperation', 'local companies', 'summit meeting', 'New Delhi', 'extensive expertise', 'various industries', 'wide range', 'military-grade connectors', 'other features', 'eight kilograms', 'large number', 'Managing Director', 'leading provider', 'award-winning products', 'production facilities', 'strategic partner', 'multiple batteries', 'spare batteries', 'The Company', 'EQS-News', '30 CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'EUR', 'FCTec', 'vision', 'Germany', 'ISIN', 'stationary', 'supply', 'period', 'servicing', 'maintenance', 'assembly', 'place', 'Gurgaon', 'Haryana', 'date', 'infantry', 'sensors', 'surveillance', 'others', 'use', 'initiative', 'field', 'sidelines', 'February', 'Make', 'confidence', 'light', 'regions', 'proven', 'efficient', 'applications', 'conviction', 'CEO', 'less', 'total', 'missions', 'reliability', 'mobility', 'state', 'Retd.', 'information', '07']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19902,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-postpones-140510895.html,Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG postpones Annual General Meeting to May 2023,AGM/EGMDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG postpones Annual General Meeting to May 2023 07.03.2023 / 15:05 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.PRESS RELEASEDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG postpones Annual General Meeting to May 2023Potsdam ,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG / Key word(s): AGM/EGMDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG postpones Annual General Meeting to May 2023The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.PRESS RELEASEDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG postpones Annual General Meeting to May 2023Potsdam  7 March 2023 – Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) postpones its Annual General Meeting to the end of May 2023 and therefore cancels the Annual General Meeting convened for 16 March 2023. The Management Board of DKR will issue another invitation to the Annual General Meeting 2023 in due course once a new date has been set.The invitation to the Annual General Meeting 2023 published in the Federal Gazette on 6 February 2023 is therefore to be disregarded.The Company is currently engaged in strategic discussions which  although not yet concrete  may require amendments to the Articles of Association to be approved by the Annual General Meeting. For this reason  the Management Board considers it reasonable to postpone the planned Annual General Meeting to avoid the potential holding of two General Meetings within a short period of time with the associated expenditures for the Company and its shareholders. The Company therefore intends to await the conclusion of these discussions and to issue a new invitation to this year's Annual General Meeting in due time.About Deutsche KonsumDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG  Broderstorf  is a listed real estate company focusing on German retail properties for everyday goods in established micro-locations. The focus of the Company's activities is on the acquisition  management and development of local retail properties with the aim of achieving a steady increase in value and the lifting of hidden reserves.The shares of the Company are listed on the Prime Standard of Deutsche Börse (ISIN: DE 000A14KRD3) and on the JSE (JSE Limited) (South Africa) by way of a secondary listing.ContactDeutsche Konsum REIT-AGStefanie FreyInvestor RelationsE-Mail: sf@deutsche-konsum.dePhone: +49 (0) 331 74 00 76 – 53307.03.2023 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.34,0.65,True,English,"['Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'Annual General Meeting', 'May', 'listed real estate company', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Contact Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'Annual General Meeting', 'two General Meetings', 'German retail properties', 'local retail properties', 'Deutsche Börse', 'EQS Group AG', 'The Management Board', 'EQS News', 'The Company', 'Key word', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'due course', 'new date', 'Federal Gazette', 'potential holding', 'short period', 'associated expenditures', 'everyday goods', 'steady increase', 'hidden reserves', 'Prime Standard', 'South Africa', 'secondary listing', 'Stefanie Frey', 'Investor Relations', 'CEST Dissemination', 'Corporate News', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'ISIN DE000A14KRD', 'strategic discussions', 'due time', 'JSE Limited', 'new invitation', 'EQS-News', 'AGM/EGM', 'May', 'issuer', 'content', 'Potsdam', '7 March', '16 March', 'DKR', '6 February', 'amendments', 'Articles', 'Association', 'reason', 'shareholders', 'conclusion', 'year', 'Broderstorf', 'micro-locations', 'focus', 'activities', 'acquisition', 'development', 'aim', 'value', 'lifting', 'shares', 'way', 'deutsche-konsum', 'Phone', 'Archive']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,uk.finance.yahoo.com
19903,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Powerful Exhibitions | Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation PrizeThe 2023 award @TPGallery spotlights four shows… https://t.co/HEFaCRp0He,nan,Powerful Exhibitions | Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation PrizeThe 2023 award @TPGallery spotlights four shows… https://t.co/HEFaCRp0He,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Powerful Exhibitions', 'The 2023 award', 'TPGallery spotlights', 'four shows', 'HEFaCRp0He', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Powerful Exhibitions', 'The 2023 award', 'TPGallery spotlights', 'four shows', 'HEFaCRp0He']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19904,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY): An Interesting Growth Play In The European Financial Sector https://t.co/LZi3MAhdTU,nan,Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY): An Interesting Growth Play In The European Financial Sector https://t.co/LZi3MAhdTU,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,True,English,"['Interesting Growth Play', 'European Financial Sector', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DBOEY', 'The', 'LZi3MAhdTU', 'Interesting Growth Play', 'European Financial Sector', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DBOEY', 'The', 'LZi3MAhdTU']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19905,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY): An Interesting Growth Play In The European Financial Sector https://t.co/HlOthE59mD,nan,Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY): An Interesting Growth Play In The European Financial Sector https://t.co/HlOthE59mD,neutral,0.39,0.61,0.0,neutral,0.39,0.61,0.0,True,English,"['Interesting Growth Play', 'European Financial\xa0Sector', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DBOEY', 'The', 'Interesting Growth Play', 'European Financial\xa0Sector', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DBOEY', 'The']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19906,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse is back with #DBPFP23 exhibition! Don't forget to head over to our bookshop and purchase your copy… https://t.co/kbyhPHwShK,nan,Deutsche Börse is back with #DBPFP23 exhibition! Don't forget to head over to our bookshop and purchase your copy… https://t.co/kbyhPHwShK,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'bookshop', 'copy', 'Deutsche Börse', 'bookshop', 'copy']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,Unknown
19907,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse photography prize review – Black history and identity loom large in the work of Samuel Fosso and Art… https://t.co/6ZZJemAAbF,nan,Deutsche Börse photography prize review – Black history and identity loom large in the work of Samuel Fosso and Art… https://t.co/6ZZJemAAbF,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse photography prize review', 'Black history', 'Samuel Fosso', 'identity', 'work', 'Art', 'ZZJemAAbF', 'Deutsche Börse photography prize review', 'Black history', 'Samuel Fosso', 'identity', 'work', 'Art', 'ZZJemAAbF']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,Unknown
19908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stmicroelectronics-announces-changes-euronext-trading-170000939.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols,STMicroelectronics Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols Geneva  March 6  2023 - STMicroelectronics (NYSE: STM)  a global semiconductor leader...,STMicroelectronics N.V.STMicroelectronics Announces Changes to Euronext Trading SymbolsGeneva  March 6  2023 - STMicroelectronics (NYSE: STM)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces that effective Monday  March 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges market openings  the trading symbols of STMicroelectronics common shares listed on Euronext will change. For the former Borsa Italiana (MTA) listing in Milan  it will become ‘STMMI’. For the Euronext Paris listing in Paris  it will become ‘STMPA’.Given the migration of the Borsa Italiana markets onto the Euronext trading platform  it was necessary to create two separate trading symbols  as now the two order books will be traded in the same environment.The ‘STM’ trading symbol on the New York Stock Exchange remains unchanged.About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are more than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41 22 929 58 12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33 6 59 16 79 08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Trading Symbols', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Changes', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'stock exchanges market openings', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'two separate trading symbols', 'two order books', 'former Borsa Italiana', 'Borsa Italiana markets', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Euronext trading platform', 'STM’ trading symbol', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'STMicroelectronics common shares', 'Euronext Paris listing', 'MTA) listing', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'same environment', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Further information', 'Alexis Breton', 'Geneva', 'NYSE', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'March', 'Milan', 'STMPA', 'migration', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '41']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/calyxt-inc-reports-fourth-quarter-213000472.html,Calyxt  Inc. Reports its Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Update,NEW YORK  March 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its...,"Cellectis Inc.NEW YORK  March 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today that Calyxt  Inc. (Nasdaq: CLXT)  a plant-based synthetic biology company for which Cellectis owns 49.1% (as of December 31  2022) of its issued and outstanding common stock  today announced operating and financial results for its fourth quarter ended December 31  2022. The contents of Calyxt’s announcement are included below:—Announced proposed merger with Cibus Global and filed initial registration statement on Form S-4——Current customer projects under development are on track——Signed agreement with Evologic Technologies to further develop and scale production of its Plant Cell Matrix™ and BioFactoryTM technologies—Merger Agreement with CibusOn January 17  2023  Calyxt announced it had entered into a definitive merger agreement with Cibus Global  LLC (Cibus)  a leader in precision gene editing in agriculture  under which Calyxt and Cibus will merge in an all-stock transaction. The merger will create a new industry-leading company that combines the two pioneers in agriculture-based gene editing and establishes one of the world's most sophisticated facilities for trait development and next-generation plant breeding.Under the terms of the merger agreement  Calyxt will issue shares of its common stock to Cibus shareholders in an exchange ratio such that upon completion of the merger  Calyxt shareholders will own approximately 5% of the combined company  subject to adjustments permitted by the merger agreement. The Boards of Directors of both companies have unanimously approved the transaction. Concurrent with the execution of the merger agreement  certain officers of Calyxt  all of Calyxt's directors  and Cellectis S.A.  Calyxt's largest shareholder  executed support agreements in favor of the merger. These support agreements provide 49.8% approval from Calyxt shareholders. A majority of Cibus' shareholders have also provided support agreements in favor of the transaction. The merger is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023  subject to customary closing conditions  including approval of the merger by the shareholders of Calyxt.Story continues""Cibus is an excellent strategic fit for Calyxt given our complementary technology platforms  and the merger provides a great opportunity to leverage multiple synergies to drive innovation and shareholder value "" said Michael A. Carr  President and Chief Executive Officer of Calyxt. ""I am deeply proud of the significant accomplishments made by our team and their commitment to further the science of biotechnology and synthetic biology in significant ways.""Upon closing of the transaction  the combined company  renamed Cibus Inc.  is expected to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the proposed ticker symbol CBUS. The current Cibus management team will lead the new combined organization with Rory Riggs assuming the roles of Chair of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Corporate headquarters for the combined company will be located in San Diego  California and Calyxt’s offices  laboratory  and breeding facilities in Roseville  Minnesota will remain operational as a key site for the combined company.On February 14  2023  Calyxt filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Registration Statement contains a preliminary proxy statement / prospectus in connection with the transaction. Although the Registration Statement has not yet become effective and the information contained therein is subject to change  it provides important information about Calyxt and the proposed transactions.Other key accomplishments in the fourth quarter of 2022  and through the date of this press release  include the following:Current Customer Projects Under Development are on TrackCalyxt continued to progress the pilot project for a major consumer packaged goods company with delivery of initial quantities of a plant-based chemistry for customer evaluation expected in the second quarter of 2023.Calyxt continued to progress the development of its soybean-based palm oil alternative plant trait and it achieved the first milestone payment in the fourth quarter of 2022  with the overall project scheduled for completion in the first quarter of 2024  at which time the second milestone payment would be due.Signed Agreement with Global Infrastructure Partner to Enable Growth and Scale of Calyxt’s Proprietary Plant Cell Matrix and BioFactory TechnologiesOn October 6  2022  Calyxt announced that it signed an agreement with a manufacturing partner  Evologic Technologies GmbH (Evologic)  to further develop and scale Calyxt’s proprietary Plant Cell Matrix (PCMTM) and BioFactory technologies. Evologic's contract development and manufacturing services  based on its proprietary bioprocessing platform and technology  supports companies delivering unique and sustainable bioproducts. Under the terms of the agreement  Evologic will work alongside Calyxt to grow and scale Calyxt's proprietary PCM structures and is currently scaling one PCM for Calyxt.Additional UpdatesIn early November 2022  Calyxt reached a settlement with one of its technology vendors regarding alleged intellectual property infringement. As a result of the settlement  Calyxt received $750 thousand in the fourth quarter of 2022 and received another $750 thousand earlier in the first quarter of 2023.Financial Results for the Three Months Ended December 31  2022Cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash totaled $3.5 million as of December 31  2022.Revenue was nominal in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $1.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease in revenue was driven by the late 2021 completion of the wind-down of the Company’s soybean product line. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022 was primarily associated with the Company’s agreement with a food ingredient manufacturer to develop a palm oil alternative.Total operating expenses were $3.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $6.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease was driven by actions taken by management to lower Calyxt’s operating expenses.Cash runway  considering interim funding to be provided by Cibus as described in the Merger Agreement  is sufficient to fund operations through the second quarter of 2023.About CalyxtCalyxt (Nasdaq: CLXT) is a plant-based synthetic biology company. Calyxt leverages its proprietary PlantSpring™ technology platform and Plant Cell Matrix™ structures to engineer plant metabolism to produce innovative high value plant-based chemistries for use in customers' materials and products. As plant-based solutions  Calyxt's synthetic biology products can be used in helping customers meet their sustainability targets and financial goals. Calyxt's diversified offerings are primarily delivered through its proprietary BioFactory production system. For more information  visit www.calyxt.com.PlantSpring  Plant Cell Matrix  PCM  BioFactory  and the Calyxt logo are trademarks of Calyxt  Inc. Any other trademarks belong to their respective owners.ContactBill Koschak(651) 425-1754investors@calyxt.comForward-Looking StatementsThis communication contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases  you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as “anticipates ” “believes ” “continue ” “estimates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “might ” “plans ” “predicts ” “projects ” “should ” “targets ” “will ” or the negative of these terms and other similar terminology. Forward-looking statements in this report include statements about the proposed merger with Cibus  including the anticipated Nasdaq listing of the combined company; the Company's future financial performance  including its liquidity and capital resources  cash runway and its ability to continue as a going concern; its product pipeline and development; its business model and strategies for the development  commercialization and sales of commercial products; commercial demand for its synthetic biology solutions; the development and deployment of its PlantSpring technology platform; the ability to scale production capability for its BioFactory production system; potential development agreements  partnerships  customer relationships  and licensing arrangements and their contribution to its financial results  cash usage  and growth strategies; and anticipated trends in its business. These and other forward-looking statements are predictions and projections about future events and trends based on the Company's current expectations  objectives  and intentions and are premised on current assumptions. The Company's actual results  level of activity  performance  or achievements could be materially different than those expressed  implied  or anticipated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors  including  but not limited to: adverse impacts if the conditions to the closing of the Transactions are not satisfied or if consummation of the Transactions is delayed; Calyxt’s ability to realize anticipated benefits of the proposed Transactions; Calyxt’s ability to maintain its continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market; any adverse impact of the Company’s cost reduction measures and the proposed Transactions on its relationship with employees and third-parties  including ongoing negotiations with potential customers; the impact of increased competition  including competition from a broader array of synthetic biology companies; competition for customers  partners  and licensees and the successful execution of development and licensing agreements; disruptions at its key facilities  including disruptions impacting its BioFactory production system; changes in customer preferences and market acceptance of its products; changes in market consensus as to what attributes are required for a product to be considered “sustainable”; the impact of adverse events during development  including unsuccessful pilot production of plant-based chemistries or field trials; the impact of improper handling of its product candidates during development; failures by third-party contractors; inaccurate demand forecasting or milestone and royalty payment projections; the effectiveness of commercialization efforts by commercial partners or licensees; disruptions to supply chains  including raw material inputs for its BioFactory; the impact of changes or increases in oversight and regulation; disputes or challenges regarding intellectual property; proliferation and continuous evolution of new technologies; management changes; changes in macroeconomic and market conditions  including inflation  supply chain constraints  and rising interest rates; dislocations in the capital markets and challenges in accessing liquidity and the impact of such liquidity challenges on the Company’s ability to execute on its business plan; and other important factors discussed in Part I  Item 1A  “Risk Factors” in the Company’s filings with the SEC  included in Part I  Item 1A of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  which was filed with the SEC on March 3  2022 (its Annual Report) and its subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made by management of the Calyxt  Inc. are based only on currently available information and speak only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws  Calyxt  Inc. does not assume any obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  should circumstances change.Important Additional InformationIn connection with the proposed transactions  Calyxt has filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)  including a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Form S-4”)  which includes a proxy statement of Calyxt for the stockholders of Calyxt and that will serve as a prospectus of Calyxt and an information statement of Cibus  and other documents relating to the proposed transactions. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS  INCLUDING THE FORM S-4 AND THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS INCLUDED THEREIN BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT CALYXT  CIBUS AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS. After the Form S-4 is declared effective  the definitive proxy statement included in the Form S-4 will be mailed to Calyxt stockholders as of a record date to be established for voting on the matters to be considered at the Calyxt special meeting of stockholders being held in connection with the Transactions. The Form S-4  the proxy statement/prospectus included therein  and other materials filed by Calyxt with the SEC may be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) or from Calyxt by directing a request to: Calyxt  Inc.  2800 Mount Ridge Road  Roseville  MN 55113.Participants in the SolicitationCalyxt  Cibus and their respective directors  executive officers and other members of management may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the proposed transactions under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of Calyxt is set forth in Calyxt’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31  2021  which was filed with the SEC on March 3  2022  and its definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders  which was filed with the SEC on April 19  2022.Other information regarding persons who may  under the rules of the SEC  be deemed to be participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their interests in the transaction  by security holdings or otherwise  are included in the proxy statement/prospectus included in the Form S-4 and other relevant materials filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. Investors should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from Calyxt or the SEC’s website  as indicated above.No Offer or SolicitationThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of Calyxt  Cibus or the combined company  nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made in the United States except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions to be approved by the relevant regulators or certain facts to be ascertained  a public offer will not be made directly or indirectly  in or into any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws of such jurisdiction  or by use of the mails or by any means or instrumentality (including without limitation  facsimile transmission  telephone or internet) of interstate or foreign commerce  or any facility of a national securities exchange  of any such jurisdiction.CALYXT  INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(In Thousands  Except Par Value and Share Amounts)December 31  2022(unaudited)December 31 2021Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 3 427 $ 13 823 Restricted cash 99 499 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 606 859 Total current assets 4 132 15 181 Non-current restricted cash — 99 Land  buildings  and equipment 4 516 21 731 Operating lease right-of-use assets 13 615 — Other non-current assets 158 183 Total assets $ 22 421 $ 37 194 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 340 $ 1 260 Accrued expenses 173 339 Accrued compensation 107 2 522 Due to related parties 175 172 Current portion of financing lease obligations 97 370 Common stock warrants 291 — Other current liabilities 479 191 Total current liabilities 1 662 4 854 Financing lease obligations — 17 506 Operating lease obligations 13 447 — Other non-current liabilities 79 702 Total liabilities 15 188 23 062 Stockholders’ equity: Common stock  $0.0001 par value; 275 000 000 shares authorized; 48 944 771 shares issued and 48 844 619 shares outstanding as of December 31  2022  and 38 874 146 shares issued and 38 773 994 shares outstanding as of December 31  2021 5 4 Additional paid-in capital 220 422 211 263 Common stock in treasury  at cost; 100 152 shares as of December 31  2022  and December 31  2021 (1 043 ) (1 043 ) Accumulated deficit (212 151 ) (196 092 ) Total stockholders’ equity 7 233 14 132 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 22 421 $ 37 194CALYXT  INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(Unaudited)(In Thousands Except Shares and Per Share Amounts)Three Months Ended December 31 Year Ended December 31 2022202120222021Revenue $ 42 $ 1 943 $ 157 $ 25 987 Cost of goods sold — 2 004 — 28 557 Gross profit 42 (61 ) 157 (2 570 ) Operating expenses: Research and development 2 346 2 862 11 553 11 335 Selling  general  and administrative 1 009 3 787 10 974 15 427 Total operating expenses 3 355 6 649 22 527 26 762 Loss from operations (3 313 ) (6 710 ) (22 370 ) (29 332 ) Gain upon extinguishment of Payroll Protection Program loan — — — 1 528 Interest  net (7 ) (355 ) (87 ) (1 414 ) Non-operating income (expenses) 483 8 5 566 19 Loss before income taxes (2 837 ) (7 057 ) (16 891 ) (29 199 ) Income taxes — — — — Net loss $ (2 837 ) $ (7 057 ) $ (16 891 ) $ (29 199 ) Basic and diluted net loss per share $ (0.06 ) $ (0.18 ) $ (0.37 ) $ (0.78 ) Weighted average shares outstanding – basic and diluted 48 442 861 38 277 279 45 997 525 37 475 763 Anti-dilutive stock options  restricted stock units  performance stock units  and common stock warrants 15 960 659 6 001 405 15 960 659 6 001 405About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene NAI-1535379410v6 editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth in Paris (ticker: ALCLS).CONTACT:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.com Ashley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.17,0.17,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Corporate Update', 'Calyxt', 'soybean-based palm oil alternative plant trait', 'major consumer packaged goods company', 'Proprietary Plant Cell Matrix', 'plant-based synthetic biology company', 'current Cibus management team', 'Plant Cell Matrix™', 'proprietary bioprocessing platform', 'next-generation plant breeding', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Current customer projects', 'excellent strategic fit', 'Michael A. Carr', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'precision gene editing', 'agriculture-based gene editing', 'U.S. Securities', 'preliminary proxy statement', 'first milestone payment', 'second milestone payment', 'customary closing conditions', 'complementary technology platforms', 'Other key accomplishments', 'The Registration Statement', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'new industry-leading company', 'Cellectis S.A.', 'outstanding common stock', 'Global Infrastructure Partner', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'initial registration statement', 'Evologic Technologies GmbH', 'definitive merger agreement', 'trait development', 'life-saving cell', 'plant-based chemistry', 'combined company', 'gene therapies', 'customer evaluation', 'Form S', 'significant accomplishments', 'breeding facilities', 'key site', 'initial quantities', 'first quarter', 'manufacturing partner', 'second quarter', 'BioFactoryTM technologies', 'BioFactory Technologies', 'Cibus Global', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'financial results', 'fourth quarter', 'two pioneers', 'sophisticated facilities', 'exchange ratio', 'largest shareholder', 'support agreements', 'great opportunity', 'multiple synergies', 'shareholder value', 'significant ways', 'ticker symbol', 'Rory Riggs', 'Corporate headquarters', 'San Diego', 'Exchange Commission', 'press release', 'pilot project', 'overall project', 'manufacturing services', 'Cellectis Inc.', 'stock transaction', 'Euronext Growth', 'Cibus shareholders', ""Cibus' shareholders"", 'important information', 'contract development', 'Calyxt shareholders', 'March', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'CLXT', 'December', 'issued', 'operating', 'contents', 'announcement', 'track', 'scale', 'production', 'January', 'LLC', 'leader', 'world', 'terms', 'shares', 'completion', 'adjustments', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'companies', 'execution', 'officers', 'favor', '49.8% approval', 'majority', 'Story', 'innovation', 'President', 'commitment', 'science', 'CBUS', 'organization', 'roles', 'Chair', 'California', 'offices', 'laboratory', 'Roseville', 'Minnesota', 'February', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'transactions', 'date', 'delivery', 'time', 'October', 'PCMTM']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-announces-postponement-effectiveness-ratio-060000237.html,VEON announces postponement to effectiveness of ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) program,Amsterdam  Netherlands  6 March 2023 07:00 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or the “Company”)  a global digital operator that...,VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  Netherlands  6 March 2023 07:00 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or the “Company”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today provides an update on the timing of the ratio change under the Company’s ADR program  previously announced on 6 February 2023 and originally planned to become effective on 6 March 2023. The Company was informed late afternoon on Friday 3 March 2023 by BNY Mellon that the ratio change effectiveness has been postponed as The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”) was not prepared to make the new CUSIP with new ratio available on Monday  6 March 2023 as scheduled. The Company awaits further confirmation from DTCC as to when it will be prepared to make the new CUSIP with new ratio available and will announce the new timing for effectiveness as soon as this is confirmed.The Company’s original announcement with respect to the ratio change can be found on the Company’s website at this address:https://www.veon.com/media/media-releases/2023/veon-announces-ratio-change-under-its-american-depositary-receipt-adr-program/About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.Story continuesThis press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding the ADR ratio change. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws and except as set forth above  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['American Depositary Receipt', 'ratio change', 'VEON', 'postponement', 'effectiveness', 'ADR', 'program', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'applicable securities laws', 'global digital operator', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Russian securities laws', 'The Depository Trust', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'ADR ratio change', 'ratio change effectiveness', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'ADR program', 'BNY Mellon', 'Clearing Corporation', 'new CUSIP', 'new ratio', 'original announcement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'United States', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'Nik Kershaw', 'The Company', 'new timing', 'informational purposes', 'other jurisdiction', 'inside information', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'VEON Ltd', 'press release', 'Friday 3 March', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', '6 March', 'Netherlands', '00 CET', 'NASDAQ', 'update', '6 February', 'DTCC', 'Monday', 'confirmation', 'respect', 'website', 'address', 'media-releases', 'american-depositary-receipt', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'registration', 'qualification', 'Story', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'meaning', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'forward', 'circumstances', '07']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exor-n-v-periodic-report-071000684.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29...,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 28 February 2023 616 76.4477 47 091.78 TOTAL 616 47 091.78After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €227.7 million for a total amount of 3 298 843 ordinary shares purchased.As of 3 March 2023  the Company held in total 14 086 941 ordinary shares in treasury (5.85% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ordinary shares', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '28 February', 'purchases', '3 March', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vantiva-information-concerning-total-number-093000422.html,Vantiva - Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares.,March 6  2023 Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial...,VantivaMarch 6  2023Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés FinanciersVantiva Shares(ISIN Code FR0013505062) Date Number of Outstanding Shares Number of Voting Rights February 28  2023355 408 265Number of Theoretical Voting Rights(1): 355 408 265Number of Voting Rights Exercisable at Shareholders’ meeting(2): 355 408 265(1) Calculated  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers  based on the total number of outstanding shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares with suspended voting rights.(2) Excluding shares with suspended voting rights.* **About Vantivawww.vantiva.com – Follow us: @Vantiva – www.linkedin.com/company/vantiva/Vantiva shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (VANTI) and traded in the USA on the OTCQX marketplace (OTCQX: TCLRY).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'Vantiva', 'Information', 'shares', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'French Commercial Code', 'Theoretical Voting Rights', 'ISIN Code', 'General Regulations', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'OTCQX marketplace', 'Outstanding Shares', 'total number', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Vantiva Shares', 'Information', 'USA', 'TCLRY', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/highco-shareholding-02-28-2023-133900884.html,HIGHCO : Shareholding as 02/28/2023,INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of...,HIGHCOINFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESDeclaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Date of settlementof information Total number of shares Number of shares without voting rights (*) Number of voting rights for threshold calculation (**) Number of actual voting rights (exercisable at shareholders’ meeting) February 28  2023 20 455 403 319 981 22 818 769 22 498 788 January 31  2023 20 455 403 253 414 22 892 958 22 639 544 December 31  2022 20 455 403 250 392 22 948 713 22 698 321(*) exclusively consisting of treasury shares.(**) theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (article 223-11 of the General Regulations AMF).About HighCoAs an expert in data marketing and communication  HighCo continuously innovates to work with brands and retailers in meeting the retail challenges of tomorrow. Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has more than 500 employees and has achieved Gold status from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSARManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comStory continuesUpcoming eventPublication take place after market close .Quarterly gross profitQ1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  26 April 2023Q2 and H1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  19 July 2023Q3 and 9-months 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 20232023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024Analyst meeting (French Society of Financial Analysts - SFAF)2022 Annual Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 am: Wednesday  29 March 20232023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 am: Thursday  14 September 2023Earnings2022 Annual Earnings: Tuesday  28 March 20232023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.08,0.14,0.78,True,English,"['HIGHCO', 'Shareholding', 'Cécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSAR', 'SME equity savings plans', 'Managing Director Press Relations', 'des marchés financiers', '2022 Annual Earnings Conference Call', '2023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call', 'Upcoming event Publication', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'Quarterly gross profit', 'H1 2023 Gross Profit', 'actual voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'General Regulations AMF', 'compartment C', 'press releases', 'Euronext Paris', 'French Society', 'CAC® Small', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'data marketing', 'retail challenges', 'Gold status', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'Analyst meeting', 'Financial Analysts', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'SHARES Declaration', 'treasury shares', 'threshold crossing', 'English translation', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'financial information', '29 March', '28 March', 'HIGHCO', 'Articles', 'Date', 'settlement', 'calculation', 'February', 'expert', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'tomorrow', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'Story', 'place', 'Q1', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Q2', 'Q3', '9-months', 'October', 'SFAF', 'Thursday', '14 September', 'Tuesday', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', 'Attachment', '11:00']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-180700377.html,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,Press Release Paris – March 03rd  2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on...,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – March 03rd  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from February 27th to March 03rd  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-02-27 BUY 5 8.604000 43.02 XAMS 2023-02-27 SELL 46 8.646957 397.76 XAMS 2023-02-28 SELL 149 8.701007 1 296.45 XAMS 2023-03-01 BUY 200 8.675000 1 735.00 XAMS 2023-03-02 BUY 103 8.649126 890.86 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://fl-entertainment.com/) under the section «Investor Relations».AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'FL Entertainment Press Release', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Press Relations', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'FY 2022 results', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'March', 'shares', 'February', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'Agenda', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lleida-net-receives-three-patents-124600951.html,Lleida.net receives three new patents in Europe and reaches a total of 224 international recognitions,MADRID  Spain  March 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The technology services company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received three patents...,"Lleida.netMADRID  Spain  March 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The technology services company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received three patents in three of Europe's leading economies: Germany  Austria and Switzerland.These three new patents follow on from the one received in mid-February 2022 for its method for electronic contract signing.With these patents  the Spanish company  a European leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  has now obtained 224 international recognitions.The authors of the patents are the CEO of the company  Sisco Sapena  and Carolina Solá  part of the technical team of Lleida.net.The three patents are valid for 20 years in a region with more than 100 million inhabitants  and which represents an important part of the continent's economic engine.""Obtaining these three patents in three important countries is a further demonstration of our commitment to innovation and the protection of our intellectual property. This allows us to continue to lead in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry in Europe and to continue offering quality technological solutions to our clients "" explained Sapena  who founded the company in 1995.The company  which is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris  BME Growth in Madrid and OTCQX in New York  has been granted patent recognition in more than 60 countries.These include the European Union  the United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia and New Zealand.Its intellectual property portfolio is one of the strongest in the sector worldwide.Lleida.net's growth strategy in the electronic signature  notification and contracting market in the countries in which it is present and those in which it plans to be in the future  includes a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.Story continuesCONTACT: Pedrosa IR ir@pedrosa.uk",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.21,0.07,True,English,"['three new patents', 'Lleida.net', '224 international recognitions', 'Europe', 'total', 'quality technological solutions', 'electronic contract signing', 'registered electronic signature', 'solid growth policy', 'intellectual property portfolio', 'technology services company', 'three important countries', 'three new patents', 'internationalization policy', 'New York', 'New Zealand', 'Euronext Growth', 'growth strategy', 'three patents', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'leading economies', 'European leader', 'contracting industry', '224 international recognitions', 'Carolina Solá', 'technical team', '100 million inhabitants', 'important part', 'economic engine', 'patent recognition', 'European Union', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'contracting market', 'R&D', 'Pedrosa IR', 'BME Growth', 'Spanish company', 'Lleida.net', 'Sisco Sapena', '60 countries', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'LLEIF', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', 'mid-February', 'method', 'notification', 'authors', 'CEO', '20 years', 'region', 'continent', 'demonstration', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'protection', 'clients', 'Paris', 'OTCQX', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'sector', 'future', 'reinforcement', 'Story', 'CONTACT']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19916,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STMICROELECTRONICS-N-V-4710/news/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Changes-to-Euronext-Trading-Symbols-43172161/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,STMicroelectronics Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols,(marketscreener.com)  STMicroelectronics Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols Geneva  March 6  2023 - STMicroelectronics   a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces that effective Mond…,STMicroelectronics Announces Changes to Euronext Trading SymbolsGeneva  March 6  2023 - STMicroelectronics (NYSE: STM)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces that effective Monday  March 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges market openings  the trading symbols of STMicroelectronics common shares listed on Euronext will change. For the former Borsa Italiana (MTA) listing in Milan  it will become ‘STMMI’. For the Euronext Paris listing in Paris  it will become ‘STMPA’.Given the migration of the Borsa Italiana markets onto the Euronext trading platform  it was necessary to create two separate trading symbols  as now the two order books will be traded in the same environment.The ‘STM’ trading symbol on the New York Stock Exchange remains unchanged.About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are more than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41 22 929 58 12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33 6 59 16 79 08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Trading Symbols', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Changes', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'stock exchanges market openings', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'two separate trading symbols', 'two order books', 'former Borsa Italiana', 'Borsa Italiana markets', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Euronext trading platform', 'STM’ trading symbol', 'STMicroelectronics common shares', 'Euronext Paris listing', 'MTA) listing', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'same environment', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'Geneva', 'March', 'NYSE', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'Milan', 'STMMI', 'STMPA', 'migration', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '41']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19917,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2621442/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Changes-to-Euronext-Trading-Symbols.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols,STMicroelectronics Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols  Geneva  March 6  2023 - STMicroelectronics (NYSE: STM)  a global semiconductor leader......,English FrenchSTMicroelectronics Announces Changes to Euronext Trading SymbolsGeneva  March 6  2023 - STMicroelectronics (NYSE: STM)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces that effective Monday  March 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges market openings  the trading symbols of STMicroelectronics common shares listed on Euronext will change. For the former Borsa Italiana (MTA) listing in Milan  it will become ‘STMMI’. For the Euronext Paris listing in Paris  it will become ‘STMPA’.Given the migration of the Borsa Italiana markets onto the Euronext trading platform  it was necessary to create two separate trading symbols  as now the two order books will be traded in the same environment.The ‘STM’ trading symbol on the New York Stock Exchange remains unchanged.About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are more than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41 22 929 58 12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33 6 59 16 79 08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Trading Symbols', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Changes', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'stock exchanges market openings', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'two separate trading symbols', 'two order books', 'former Borsa Italiana', 'Borsa Italiana markets', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Euronext trading platform', 'STM’ trading symbol', 'STMicroelectronics common shares', 'Euronext Paris listing', 'MTA) listing', 'semiconductor technologies', 'English French', 'electronics applications', 'same environment', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Further information', 'Alexis Breton', 'Geneva', 'March', 'NYSE', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'Milan', 'STMPA', 'migration', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '41']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19918,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-131200442.html,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Maranello (Italy)  March 6  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  March 6  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 27/02/2023 4 500 246.4170 1 108 876.50 - - - - 4 500 246.4170 1 108 876.50 28/02/2023 4 530 244.5515 1 107 818.30 3 203 261.0709 836 210.09 787 465.95 7 733 245.0904 1 895 284.25 01/03/2023 4 450 248.6869 1 106 656.71 - - - - 4 450 248.6869 1 106 656.71 02/03/2023 4 475 247.4585 1 107 376.79 - - - - 4 475 247.4585 1 107 376.79 03/03/2023 4 350 254.4615 1 106 907.53 - - - - 4 350 254.4615 1 106 907.53 22 305 248.2688 5 537 635.81 3 203 261.0709 836 210.09 787 465.95 25 508 247.9654 6 325 101.76 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till March 3  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 73 632 884.97 for No. 329 828 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 12 091 580.73 (Euro 11 395 509.91*) for No. 52 750 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of March 3  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 210 207 common shares equal to 4.75% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Story continuesSince July 1  2022 until March 3  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 156 315 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 235 754 074.59.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.14,0.35,0.51,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 52,750 common shares', 'share capital', '828 common shares', '210,207 common shares', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'March', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'Story', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '1,156', '315']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19919,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-repurchase-program-kbc-ancora-164000444.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 March 2023,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 March 2023 (17:40 CET) Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 March 2023 As part of the...,KBC AncoraRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 March 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 March 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 33 500 shares in the period from 27 February 2023 to 03 March 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 27 February 2023 6 000 48.38 47.96 48.64 290 281.80 Tue 28 February 2023 8 500 48.80 48.00 49.16 414 771.95 Wed 1 March 2023 8 500 48.92 48.80 49.20 415 824.25 Thu 2 March 2023 7 500 48.55 48.30 48.76 364 143.00 Fri 3 March 2023 3 000 49.03 48.74 49.20 147 100.80 TOTAL(period concerned) 33 500 48.72 47.96 49.20 1 632 121.80 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 236 787 38.38 31.68 49.86 47 464 589.67All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 236 787 of its own shares  or 1.58% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 38.38 euros per share and for a total amount of 47 464 590 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 94.93% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersStory continuesThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.63,0.27,0.1,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'Update', 'KBC', '03 March', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '06 March', 'Update', '03 March', 'part', '20 May', '33,500 shares', 'period', '27 February', 'question', 'Mon', 'Wed', '1 March', '2 March', 'start', '10 June', '38.38 euros', '47,464,590 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'Story', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/p-global-upgrades-vallourec-long-173900221.html,S&P Global Upgrades Vallourec’s Long Term Issuer Credit Rating to 'BB-' with Positive Outlook,S&P Global Upgrades Vallourec’s Long Term Issuer Credit Rating to 'BB-' with Positive Outlook Meudon (France)  6 March 2023 – S&P Global has upgraded...,VALLOURECS&P Global Upgrades Vallourec’s Long Term Issuer Credit Rating to 'BB-' with Positive OutlookMeudon (France)  6 March 2023 – S&P Global has upgraded Vallourec’s long-term issuer credit rating to 'BB-' from ‘B+’ with a positive outlook.S&P Global affirmed the 'BB-' issue rating on its senior unsecured notes as well as the 'B' rating on its commercial paper program.S&P Global’s positive outlook reflects its expectation of higher EBITDA in 2023 vs. 2022 and a reduction in net debt in the coming years  in line with Vallourec’s latest published financial objectives of:An improvement in EBITDA in 2023 year-over-year  driven by both the Tubes business and Mine and Forest businessAn objective of being Free Cash Flow positive for the Full Year 2023  despite CAPEX of around 220 million euros and the expected one-time New Vallourec restructuring cash outflows of about 350 million euros ( a ) 7Further Net Debt reduction in 2023 (b)Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer declared:“We are delighted with this latest credit rating upgrade which further vindicates the success of our New Vallourec strategic plan. In particular we made strong progress in net debt reduction in the fourth quarter of 2022  and this will continue in the next two years  on the way towards an objective zero net debt at the latest end of FY 2025”.On February 3  2021 Vallourec communicated a net leverage objective of 2.5x by FY 2022  and 1.2x by FY 2025 (c). At the end of FY 2022 net leverage actually stood at 1.6x.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Story continuesListed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.Financial CalendarMay 17th 2023May 25th 2023September 12th 2023 First Quarter 2023 resultsOrdinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ MeetingCapital Markets Day in LondonFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsInvestor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.coma Free Cash Flow defined as EBITDA adjusted for changes in provisions  less Interest and Tax Payments  changes in Working Capital  less Capex  and less Restructuring/Other Cash Outflowsb Change in Net Debt defined as Free Cash Flow less Asset Disposals/Otherc Net Leverage is defined as: Net debt at end of period / last 12 months EBITDAAttachment,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,positive,0.8,0.15,0.05,True,English,"['Long Term Issuer Credit Rating', 'S&P Global Upgrades', 'Positive Outlook', 'Vallourec', 'BB', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting Capital Markets Day', 'one-time New Vallourec restructuring cash outflows', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'Long Term Issuer Credit Rating', 'long-term issuer credit rating', 'new generation power plants', 'less Restructuring/Other Cash Outflows', 'latest credit rating upgrade', 'last 12 months EBITDA Attachment', 'New Vallourec strategic plan', 'S&P Global Upgrades', 'Further Net Debt reduction', 'objective zero net debt', 'commercial paper program', 'new technological frontiers', 'Free Cash Flow', ""BB-' issue rating"", 'senior unsecured notes', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'First Quarter 2023 results', 'net leverage objective', 'next two years', 'FY 2022 net leverage', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'energy markets', 'Individual shareholders', 'Working Capital', ""B' rating"", 'less Interest', 'coming years', 'fourth quarter', 'Next 150 indices', 'less Capex', 'Positive Outlook', 'higher EBITDA', 'financial objectives', 'Forest business', 'Full Year', '220 million euros', '350 million euros', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'strong progress', 'world leader', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'cutting edge', 'R&D', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'United States', 'Financial Calendar', 'Tax Payments', 'Asset Disposals', 'latest end', 'Press relations', 'Tubes business', 'Ticker VK', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Investor relations', 'Meudon', 'France', 'B+', 'expectation', 'line', 'improvement', 'Mine', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'success', 'way', 'February', '2.5x', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'customers', 'Story', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'September', 'London', 'information', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'changes', 'provisions', 'period']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ILLIMITY-BANK-S-P-A-55462615/news/Illimity-Bank-S-p-A-alongside-Reway-Group-as-Global-Coordinator-43172138/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Illimity Bank S p A : alongside Reway Group as Global Coordinator,(marketscreener.com)   ILLIMITY ALONGSIDE REWAY GROUP AS GLOBAL COORDINATOR IN ITS   ADMISSION TO EURONEXT GROWTH MILAN   Milan  6 March 2023 - illimity Bank S.p.A. has acted as Global Coordinator in the process for the admission of Reway Group to the…,"ILLIMITY ALONGSIDE REWAY GROUP AS GLOBAL COORDINATOR IN ITSADMISSION TO EURONEXT GROWTH MILANMilan  6 March 2023 - illimity Bank S.p.A. (""illimity"" or the ""Banca"") has acted as Global Coordinator in the process for the admission of Reway Group (""Reway""  the ""Company"" or the ""Group"") to the Euronext Growth Milan market and its subsequent listing on that exchange.Founded by Paolo Luccini  the Company is a leader in the rehabilitation of concrete works with a high strategic value (tunnels  bridges  motorway viaducts  etc.). Over a period of thirty years the Group has grown in sectors involving the restoration and seismic retrofitting of Italy's large-scale infrastructure  the installation of safety and soundproofing barriers and the finishing and lining of tunnels with lighting engineering materials  all this being the result of innovative and differentiating technologies developed together with specialised partners.Reway is the only operator in Italy capable of covering all of the activities connected with the restoration of bridges  tunnels and viaducts  acting as a ""one-stop shop"" for its customers. Against this complex package of offers  the Group holds a set of certifications that enable it to participate in the very wide range of public tenders requiring such attestations.Since 2019  operators have considerably increased the funds dedicated to the maintenance of the motorway network. According to the estimate contained in the 2020-2038 Economic and Financial Plan drawn up by Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A. (PEF ASPI 2020-2038)  which manages 49% of Italy's motorway network  a portion of 454 million euro a year of total investments in revertible assets will be used in works that the Group estimates to be of potential interest (in Autostrade per l'Italia's network alone).At 30 June 2022  the Company had earned revenues of over 56 million euro  with EBITDA approximating 10.6 million euro (representing an EBITDA margin of 18.9%) and EBT standing at ca. 8.8 million euro. The Company's business is usually not seasonal in nature between the first and second halves of the year.The Company today received confirmation of the admission of its ordinary shares to the market. Trading is set to begin on Wednesday 8 March.Illimity has contributed to the setting-up and book-building of the operation  which is characterised by the significant interest being shown by the market. In this respect the Company has received orders worth 42 million euro  approximately 2.4 times the overall ceiling for share offers relating to listing on Euronext Growth Milan.The total placement amounts to ca. 20 million euro (including the greenshoe option)  with floating capital representing 19.1% of Reway Group's capital as a whole (if the greenshoe option is exercised  floating capital would be 20.8%). The shares are being offered at a price of 3.1 euro each  with the resulting post-capital capitalisation of the Company being over 96 million euro (including the greenshoe option). Multiple voting shares held by the leading shareholder Paolo Luccini are not included in these valuations.For further information:Investor Relations illimityillimity Bank S.p.A.  Sede Legale Via Soperga 9  20124 Milano  Italia - www.illimity.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Illimity Bank S', 'Reway Group', 'Global Coordinator', 'illimity Bank S.p.A.', 'Italia S.p.A.', 'ILLIMITY ALONGSIDE REWAY GROUP', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'high strategic value', 'lighting engineering materials', 'resulting post-capital capitalisation', 'Multiple voting shares', 'GLOBAL COORDINATOR', 'Paolo Luccini', 'thirty years', 'seismic retrofitting', 'large-scale infrastructure', 'soundproofing barriers', 'differentiating technologies', 'specialised partners', 'one-stop shop', 'complex package', 'wide range', 'public tenders', '2020-2038 Economic', 'Financial Plan', 'PEF ASPI', 'total investments', 'revertible assets', 'potential interest', 'second halves', 'ordinary shares', 'Wednesday 8 March', 'significant interest', 'overall ceiling', 'total placement', 'greenshoe option', 'leading shareholder', 'Investor Relations', 'Sede Legale', 'Via Soperga', 'floating capital', 'subsequent listing', 'concrete works', 'EBITDA margin', 'share offers', 'motorway network', 'The Company', '454 million euro', '20 million euro', '3.1 euro', '56 million', '96 million', 'ITS', 'ADMISSION', 'Banca', 'process', 'exchange', 'leader', 'rehabilitation', 'tunnels', 'bridges', 'viaducts', 'period', 'sectors', 'restoration', 'Italy', 'installation', 'safety', 'finishing', 'innovative', 'operator', 'activities', 'customers', 'certifications', 'attestations', 'funds', 'maintenance', 'estimate', 'Autostrade', 'portion', '30 June', 'revenues', 'EBT', 'business', 'nature', 'first', 'confirmation', 'Trading', 'setting-up', 'book-building', 'operation', 'respect', 'orders', 'price', 'information', 'Milano']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000161.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3421 £ 24.1085 Estimated MTD return 0.27 % 0.28 % Estimated YTD return -1.54 % -1.30 % Estimated ITD return 173.42 % 141.08 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.81 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.19 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 240.0486 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.7012The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19923,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyxoah-announces-achievement-key-clinical-063000270.html,Nyxoah Announces Achievement of Key Clinical and Regulatory Milestones,INSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATION Nyxoah Announces Achievement of Key Clinical and Regulatory MilestonesAll 115 patients implanted in DREAM U.S...,NyxoahINSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Announces Achievement of Key Clinical and Regulatory MilestonesAll 115 patients implanted in DREAM U.S. pivotal studyFirst DREAM PMA module submittedFirst patient implanted in ACCCESS U.S. pivotal studyMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 6  2023  7:30am CET / 1:30am ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company has completed all 115 implants in its DREAM U.S. pivotal study  submitted the first module in the modular PMA submission and implanted the first patient in the ACCCESS U.S. pivotal study.The DREAM study is a pivotal  investigational device exemption (IDE) trial designed to support the marketing authorization of the Genio® hypoglossal nerve stimulation system (HGNS) in the United States. This multicenter  prospective  open-label  observational study enrolled 115 patients and has co-primary efficacy endpoints of the Apnea-Hypopnea Index (AHI) responder rate  per the Sher criteria  and the Oxygen Desaturation Index (ODI) responder rate  both at 12 months.In the ACCCESS trial  Nyxoah will implant 106 complete concentric collapse (CCC) patients with co-primary efficacy endpoints of Apnea-Hypopnea Index (AHI) responder rate  per the Sher criteria  and Oxygen Desaturation Index (ODI) responder rate  both assessed at 12 months post-implant.“The achievement of these key clinical and regulatory milestones brings us closer to offering our patient centric Genio solution to all OSA patients in the U.S. The DREAM and ACCCESS studies demonstrate Nyxoah’s mission of providing Genio to patients regardless of CCC status and without the requirement for a CCC diagnosis ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Story continuesFollowing the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; future financial performance and market position; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 24  2022  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:David DeMartinoChief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.23,0.49,True,English,"['Key Clinical', 'Regulatory Milestones', 'Nyxoah', 'Achievement', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal study', 'ACCCESS U.S. pivotal study', 'Genio® hypoglossal nerve stimulation system', 'U.S. federal law', 'prospective, open-label, observational study', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'pivotal, investigational device exemption', 'First DREAM PMA module', 'patient centric Genio solution', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'The DREAM study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'modular PMA submission', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'AHI) responder rate', 'ODI) responder rate', '106 complete concentric collapse', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'European CE Mark', 'BLAST OSA study', 'CE mark approval', 'Oxygen Desaturation Index', 'increased mortality risk', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'US commercialization approval', 'medical technology company', 'future financial performance', 'ACCCESS studies', 'financial condition', 'first module', 'ACCCESS trial', 'First patient', 'IDE) trial', 'lead solution', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Genio® system', 'investigational use', 'Apnea-Hypopnea Index', 'financial effects', 'Key Clinical', 'clinical data', 'future performance', 'FDA approval', 'Regulatory Milestones', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'marketing authorization', 'United States', 'Sher criteria', 'CCC status', 'CCC diagnosis', 'Olivier Taelman', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'successful completion', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'market position', 'potential advantages', 'regulatory pathway', 'potential use', 'Risk Factors', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent reports', 'Forward-looking statements', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CCC) patients', '7:30am CET', 'other factors', 'past trends', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'OSA patients', 'Nyxoah SA', '115 patients', '1:30am', 'Achievement', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', 'NYXH', 'development', '115 implants', 'HGNS', '12 months', 'requirement', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'Story', 'expansion', 'Caution', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'goals', 'respect', 'utility', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'section', 'year', 'Securities', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19924,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-February-27-2023-until-March-3-2023-inc-43172136/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from February 27 2023 until March 3  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   March 6  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from February 27 2023 until March 3  2023    Implementation …,March 6  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from February 27 2023 until March 3  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from February 27  2023 until March 3  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until March 31  2023): 144 882 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 02/27/2023 18 383 79.43 78.96 79.70 1 460 198 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 02/28/2023 22 075 79.33 78.74 79.68 1 751 307 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/01/2023 28 292 79.99 79.56 80.34 2 263 193 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/02/2023 34 948 80.22 79.12 80.72 2 803 661 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/03/2023 41 184 81.25 80.52 81.64 3 346 068 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 144 882 80.23 11 624 428 Regulated information of March 6  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 47 305 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 02/27/2023 7 000 79.36 78.96 79.70 555 526 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/28/2023 7 250 79.29 78.74 79.68 574 846 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/01/2023 18 500 79.97 79.56 80.34 1 479 525 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/02/2023 7 555 80.26 79.12 80.72 606 329 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/03/2023 7 000 81.11 80.52 81.64 567 757 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 47 305 79.99 3 783 983 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from February 27  2023 until March 3  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 51 305 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 02/27/2023 11 000 79.43 78.96 79.70 873 714 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/28/2023 7 000 79.33 78.74 79.68 555 304 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/01/2023 18 750 79.95 79.56 80.34 1 499 156 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/02/2023 7 505 80.32 79.12 80.72 602 806 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/03/2023 7 050 81.21 80.52 81.64 572 539 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 51 305 79.98 4 103 519 As of March 3  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 13 302 415 GBL shares representing 8.7% of the issued capital  and holds no shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  80.0% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of March 6  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'February', 'March', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', '567,757 Stock Exchange Euronext Total', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', '526 Stock Exchange Euronext', '156 Stock Exchange Euronext', '0 GBL share', 'GBL Shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', 'gbl.be', 'March', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'February', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'Number', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'Sales', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares', '2,5']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19925,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/food-group-aryzta-reports-profit-growth-despite-significantly-higher-inflation-42371412.html,Food group Aryzta reports profit growth despite ‘significantly higher’ inflation,Swiss-Irish company Aryzta saw organic revenue growth of 25.4pc in the six months to January 28 as the food group continued to up prices in the face of &ldquo;significant cost inflation&rdquo;.,"Swiss-Irish company Aryzta saw organic revenue growth of 25.4pc in the six months to January 28 as the food group continued to up prices in the face of “significant cost inflation”.The Zurich-based business  which delisted from Euronext Dublin in 2021  also reported a return to profit in the period.Profit for the period from continuing operations rose to €51.7m  a sharp increase from the €40.7m loss reported in the same period last year.The group said its earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) soared to €129.1m  reflecting growth of 116.2pc.The Cuisine de France owner also reported total revenue from continuing operations of €1.04bn  a rise of 24.2pc  with total volume growth of 5.8pc.Aryzta said that it increased prices by 19.3pc in the period as the group sought to combat “significantly higher cost inflation” in its first half.Pricing in the second quarter of the year rose to 20.5pc  up from 18.1pc in the first quarter of the company’s financial year.Organic revenue growth in the group’s European division was up 26.2pc driven by a strong performance in the French  Polish and Swiss markets.Other markets outside Europe saw revenues rise by over 20pc  a performance that was attributed to a post-pandemic recovery in markets such as Japan and Australia.“Revenue and organic growth both improved despite unavoidable pricing to recover significant cost inflation ” chief executive Urs Jordi said.""Margins were maintained through improved operational leverage and strong focus on fixed cost controls.”The group said that current trading and consumer habits remain unchanged in 2023  despite the ongoing price increases.However  inflation showed no signs of slowing  with the company adding that “price volatility at elevated levels” has created a “challenging trading environment.”Despite ongoing inflationary pressures  the group anticipates improvement in all key metrics for the financial year.Aryzta also unveiled a new fiscal year end date  with the group’s financial calendar now set to end in December rather than July to align with calendar year reporting.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.26,0.44,True,English,"['Food group', 'profit growth', 'higher’ inflation', 'Aryzta', 'The Cuisine de France owner', 'new fiscal year end date', 'The Zurich-based business', 'fixed cost controls', 'ongoing inflationary pressures', 'significant cost inflation', 'higher cost inflation', 'ongoing price increases', 'challenging trading environment', 'calendar year reporting', 'total volume growth', 'organic revenue growth', 'organic growth', 'total revenue', 'financial year', 'current trading', 'price volatility', 'financial calendar', 'six months', 'Euronext Dublin', 'continuing operations', 'sharp increase', '€40.7m loss', 'first half', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'European division', 'French, Polish', 'post-pandemic recovery', 'chief executive', 'Urs Jordi', 'operational leverage', 'strong focus', 'consumer habits', 'elevated levels', 'key metrics', 'Swiss markets', 'Other markets', 'strong performance', 'unavoidable pricing', 'Swiss-Irish company', 'same period', 'food group', 'Aryzta', 'January', 'prices', 'face', 'return', 'profit', 'earnings', 'interest', 'tax', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'EBITDA', 'rise', '2pc', '5.8pc', '19.3pc', 'revenues', '20pc', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Margins', 'signs', 'improvement', 'December', 'July']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,independent.ie
19926,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MONTEA-NV-34597/news/Montea-Publication-of-the-outcome-of-the-extraordinary-shareholders-meeting-10-02-2023-43171736/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Montea : Publication of the outcome of the extraordinary shareholders' meeting 10-02-2023,(marketscreener.com)   Extraordinary general meeting of   10 February 2023   Press release - From the sole director   Regulated information   06/03/2023 - 8:00 a.m.     Extraordinary general meeting of 10 February 2023.   Montea...https:…,"Extraordinary general meeting of 10 February 2023.Montea NV announces that at the extraordinary general meeting of 10 February 2023 the requested renewal and replacement of the authorisation concerning the authorised capital (other than in case of a public takeover bid) was approved.The number of shares represented at the extraordinary general meeting was 10 867 537  i.e.  60.29% of the total number of shares.The minutes and all documents in relation to this extraordinary general meeting are available online via Montea | Corporate Documents.ABOUT MONTEA ""SPACE FOR GROWTH""Montea NV is a public regulated real estate company (GVV/SIR) that specialises in logistical and semi-industrial property in Belgium  the Netherlands  France  and Germany. The company is a benchmark player in this market. Montea literally offers its customers the space they need to grow through versatile and innovative property solutions. In this way  Montea creates value for its shareholders. As of 31/12/2022 the property portfolio represented a total space of 1 890 029 m² spread across 92 locations. Montea NV has been listed on Euronext Brussels (MONT) and Euronext Paris (MONTP) since the end of 2006.PRESS CONTACT MORE INFO Jo De Wolf | +32 53 82 62 62 | jo.dewolf@montea.com www.montea.comPress release - Regulated information06/03/2023 - 08:00 a.m.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"[""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Montea', 'Publication', 'outcome', 'public regulated real estate company', 'public takeover bid', 'Extraordinary general meeting', 'Jo De Wolf', 'innovative property solutions', 'Regulated information', 'semi-industrial property', 'property portfolio', 'authorised capital', 'benchmark player', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Paris', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'Press release', 'total number', 'Corporate Documents', 'Montea NV', 'total space', '10 February', 'renewal', 'replacement', 'authorisation', 'case', 'shares', 'minutes', 'relation', 'GROWTH', 'GVV/SIR', 'logistical', 'Belgium', 'Netherlands', 'France', 'Germany', 'market', 'customers', 'versatile', 'way', 'value', 'shareholders', '31/12', '1,890,029 m²', '92 locations', 'MONTP', 'end', 'dewolf', '08:00 a', '32']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19927,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2621436/0/en/Monthly-information-related-to-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital-_February-28-2023.html,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _February 28  2023,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _February 28  2023.  Article 223-16...,English FrenchMonthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _February 28  2023.Article 223-16 of general regulation of French Autorité des Marchés FinanciersLyon – FranceListing markets:Euronext Paris from Euronext (Market segment C - ISIN Code: FR0011471135- Symbol: ERYP) &Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United-States (Symbol : ERYP)Website : www.erytech.comDate Total of shares composing the share capital Total of brut (1) voting rightsTotal of net (2) voting rightsNovember 30  2022 31 018 553 32 514 528 32 512 028 December 31  2022 31 018 553 32 514 825 32 512 325 January 31  2023 31 018 553 32 514 77132 512 271February 28  2023 31 018 553 32 516 875 32 514 375(1) Gross voting rights number (or « theoretical » voting rights) is used as a basis for calculating the crossing of the threshold. In accordance with article 223-11 of general regulation of Autorité des Marchés Financiers  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares carrying the single and double voting rights  including shares without voting rights.(2) Without treasury shares.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'shares', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Gross voting rights number', 'Market segment C', 'theoretical » voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'share capital Total', 'English French', 'total number', 'general regulation', 'Listing markets', 'ISIN Code', 'Date Total', 'Euronext Paris', 'treasury shares', 'information', 'Article', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Symbol', 'ERYP', 'United-States', 'Website', 'brut', 'net', 'November', 'December', 'February', 'basis', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'accordance', 'single', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19928,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIPEF-6176/news/SIPEF-Overview-Buy-back-own-shares-28-02-2023-02-03-2023-EN-NL--43166547/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,SIPEF : Overview Buy back own shares 28/02/2023 - 02/03/2023 ( EN NL ),(marketscreener.com)   6 March 2023   Press release   Regulated information   Transactions on SIPEF-shares   Notification of transactions regarding SIPEF shares from 28 February 2023 to 2 March 2023. Implementation of the authorisation of the Ex…,6 March 2023Press releaseRegulated informationTransactions on SIPEF-sharesNotification of transactions regarding SIPEF shares from 28 February 2023 to 2 March 2023. Implementation of the authorisation of the Extraordinary General Meeting of 10 June 2020.Buy backsSIPEF has purchased the following own shares under the share buy-back program during the period of28 February 2023 to 2 March 2023: 1 967 SIPEF shares:Date Number of Total amount Price Highest price Lowest price Trading Shares (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) method 28-02-2023 827 50 198.90 60.70 60.70 60.70 Euronext 01-03-2023 851 51 503.70 60.52 60.70 60.40 Euronext 02-03-2023 289 17 585.90 60.85 61.00 60.70 Euronext Total 1 967 119 288.50On 2 March 2023  SIPEF holds 184 000 SIPEF shares representing 1.7392% of the subscribed capital.The overview relating to the share buy-back program is available on: https://www.sipef.com/hq/investors/shareholders-information/buy-back-own-shares,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['EN NL', 'SIPEF', 'Overview', 'shares', 'Total amount Price Highest price', 'Lowest price Trading Shares', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'share buy-back program', 'Regulated information Transactions', 'Euronext Total', 'Press release', 'Date Number', 'SIPEF shares', 'March', 'SIPEF-shares', 'Notification', '28 February', 'Implementation', 'authorisation', '10 June', 'backs', 'period', 'capital', 'overview', 'shareholders']",2023-02-03,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19929,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NESTE-OYJ-1412495/news/Neste-Oyj-establishes-a-Euro-Medium-Term-Note-programme-43170493/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Neste Oyj : establishes a Euro Medium Term Note programme,(marketscreener.com)   Neste Corporation has established a EUR 2 500 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note programme. The Central Bank of Ireland has approved the base prospectus for the programme on 6 March 2023. The base prospectus will be available in English on…,"Neste Corporation has established a EUR 2 500 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note (""EMTN"") programme. The Central Bank of Ireland has approved the base prospectus for the programme on 6 March 2023. The base prospectus will be available in English on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and on Neste's website at www.neste.com/investors/credit/prospectuses.Citigroup Global Markets Limited is acting as the arranger of the EMTN programme.The net proceeds from notes issued under the EMTN programme will be applied for general corporate purposes or  in the case of Green Bonds  an amount equal to the net proceeds will be applied for Eligible Projects and Assets as set out in Neste's Green Finance Framework.Neste CorporationSusanna SieppiVice President  CommunicationsFurther information: With media inquiries  please contact Neste's media service  tel. +358 800 94025 / media@neste.com (weekdays from 8.30 a.m. to 4.00 p.m. EET).With other inquiries  please contact Vice President  Group Treasurer and Chief Risk Officer Katariina Perkkiö  tel. +358 504 581 492.Neste in brief",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euro Medium Term Note programme', 'Neste Oyj', 'EUR 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note', 'Citigroup Global Markets Limited', 'Susanna Sieppi Vice President', 'The Central Bank', 'general corporate purposes', 'Chief Risk Officer', 'Green Finance Framework', 'Green Bonds', 'base prospectus', 'net proceeds', 'Eligible Projects', 'Further information', 'media inquiries', 'media service', 'other inquiries', 'Group Treasurer', 'Katariina Perkkiö', 'EMTN"") programme', 'EMTN programme', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Neste Corporation', 'Ireland', '6 March', 'English', 'website', 'investors', 'prospectuses', 'arranger', 'notes', 'case', 'amount', 'Assets', 'Communications', 'tel', 'weekdays', '8.30 a', 'brief', '4.00']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19930,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXOR-N-V-142350737/news/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-43167007/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) EXOR N.V. announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022   the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam: Trading DateNumber of ordinary s…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 28 February 2023 616 76.4477 47 091.78 TOTAL 616 47 091.78After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €227.7 million for a total amount of 3 298 843 ordinary shares purchased.As of 3 March 2023  the Company held in total 14 086 941 ordinary shares in treasury (5.85% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ordinary shares', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '28 February', 'purchases', '3 March', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19931,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2620901/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-appoints-divisional-CEOs-creates-fifth-division-dedicated-to-Corporate-Performance-and-ESG.html,Wolters Kluwer appoints divisional CEOs  creates fifth division dedicated to Corporate Performance and ESG,Wolters Kluwer appoints divisional CEOs  creates fifth division dedicated to Corporate Performance and ESG              Alphen aan den Rijn — March 6 ...,Wolters Kluwer appoints divisional CEOs  creates fifth divisiondedicated to Corporate Performance and ESGAlphen aan den Rijn — March 6  2023 —Wolters Kluwer  a leading software solutions and services provider  announced today three divisional CEO appointments that will set the stage for accelerated growth at the company.Karen Abramson   formerly CEO of Tax & Accounting  is now the CEO of the new Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG) division.  formerly CEO of Tax & Accounting  is now the CEO of the new Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG) division. Jason Mar x   formerly leading North America Tax & Accounting  is the new CEO of Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting.formerly leading North America Tax & Accounting  is the new CEO of Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting. Steve Meirink  formerly leading Compliance Solutions  is the new CEO of Wolters Kluwer Financial & Corporate Compliance.The appointments follow Wolters Kluwer’s strategic decision announced in February of this year to create a 5th division  Corporate Performance & ESG (CP & ESG). CP & ESG has been established to meet the growing demand from corporations and banks for integrated financial  operational  and ESG performance management and reporting solutions.CP & ESG brings together Wolters Kluwer’s global software businesses that focus on corporate performance management  environmental health and safety (EHS)  and risk: (CCH Tagetik  Enablon  FRR  and TeamMate). By leveraging the natural synergy that exists across these businesses  the company will be able to better serve its customers and drive accelerated growth by extending and integrating its current product portfolio.“Environmental  Social and Governance is one of the areas in which our clients are seeking more robust solutions and insights ” says Nancy McKinstry  Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer. “Our ESG products help our clients mitigate risk  comply with an ever-changing regulatory environment  and advance their ability to be more responsible corporate citizens. By bringing these solutions into one division  we will be able to capitalize on the growth opportunities in this fast-growing space and meet the growing demands of our customers for ESG solutions.”Last year  Richard Flynn  then CEO of Governance  Risk & Compliance division (which has now become Financial & Corporate Compliance)  informed us of his plans to pursue new experiences outside Wolters Kluwer. Under Richard's leadership  the GRC division drove successful innovation and operational synergies that solidified GRC as a leader in the financial and compliance markets  while fostering a deeply engaged workforce.“I am excited to be working with all of our CEOs and the wider leadership team during this period of significant growth for Wolters Kluwer ” McKinstry added. “I would also like to congratulate Karen  Jason and Steve on their well-deserved appointments  and thank Richard for his many contributions to Wolters Kluwer.”# # #About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactPaul LyonSenior Director  External CommunicationsGlobal Branding & CommunicationsWolters KluwerOffice +44 20 3197 6586Paul.Lyon@wolterskluwer.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'divisional CEOs', 'fifth division', 'Corporate Performance', 'ESG', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'leading North America Tax', 'three divisional CEO appointments', 'current product portfolio', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'responsible corporate citizens', 'leading software solutions', 'changing regulatory environment', 'wider leadership team', 'corporate performance management', 'leading Compliance Solutions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'new Corporate Performance', 'integrated financial, operational', 'ESG performance management', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'global software businesses', 'Wolters Kluwer Financial', 'Corporate Compliance', 'divisional CEOs', 'Executive Board', 'operational synergies', 'new experiences', 'Global Branding', 'compliance markets', 'reporting solutions', 'robust solutions', 'expert solutions', 'Compliance division', 'new CEO', 'strategic decision', 'growing demand', 'environmental health', 'CCH Tagetik', 'natural synergy', 'growing space', 'successful innovation', 'many contributions', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Contact', 'Paul Lyon', 'Senior Director', 'Paul.Lyon', 'fifth division', '5th division', 'one division', 'global leader', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ESG solutions', 'Karen Abramson', 'Jason Mar', 'Steve Meirink', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'growth opportunities', 'significant growth', 'professional information', 'External Communications', 'ESG products', 'ESG sectors', 'GRC division', 'services provider', 'Richard Flynn', 'ESG) division', 'March', 'stage', 'accelerated', 'company', 'Accounting', 'CP', 'February', 'year', 'corporations', 'banks', 'safety', 'EHS', 'risk', 'Enablon', 'FRR', 'TeamMate', 'customers', 'Social', 'Governance', 'areas', 'clients', 'insights', 'Chair', 'ability', 'plans', 'workforce', 'period', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'wolterskluwer', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19932,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unifiedpost-shows-significant-growth-recurring-060000482.html,Unifiedpost shows significant growth in recurring digital processing achieving threshold of 1 million of customers,Focus on cash flow starts to become visible – positive EBITDA in H2 2022 La Hulpe  Belgium – March 6  2023  7:00 a.m. CET – [INSIDE INFORMATION...,Focus on cash flow starts to become visible – positive EBITDA in H2 2022La Hulpe  Belgium – March 6  2023  7:00 a.m. CET – [INSIDE INFORMATION] - Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) is pleased to announce for FY2022 a significant double-digit recurring digital processing revenue growth (19 1% y-o-y). The customer base grew by a strong 34 2% in 2022  exceeding the threshold of one million customers  2 1 million companies were YE2022 in the Unifiedpost digital network. Unifiedpost has finalised its accelerated investment phase and shifted its focus to cash flow generation and is well on the way to become cash flow positive for the period of H2 2023.HighlightsStrong growth of core recurring digital processing revenue 19 1% y-o-yFY2022 Group revenue increased by 12 0% y-o-y to €190 9 millionAcceleration of customer growth in 2022 (+34 2%)  strong growth for core SME product Banqup (+251 1%)Good EBITDA improvement over the year  positive EBITDA in H2 2022  in Q4 2022 up to +€1 8 millionA positive cash flow for the full H2 2023 is the key priority for UnifiedpostCommenting on the FY2022 results  Hans Leybaert  CEO and founder  stated: “In 2022  Unifiedpost underpinned its ambitious growth path. In a year of geopolitical tensions  the war in Ukraine  the energy crisis in Europe and general price increases  our double-digit growth remained undisputed. The significant acceleration of new customer onboarding in 2022 proves the growing momentum for full digital invoicing and payments. A further acceleration is expected in the coming years as the European Commission has submitted a legislative proposal on December 8th 2022 as part of their 'VAT in the digital age' program. This is a first step towards mandatory e-invoicing for all European companies. I would like to thank all Unifiedpost employees and partners for their continued contribution to our strategic execution and for joining us in our ambitious way forward.”Story continuesKey financial figures(EUR million) FY2022 FY2021 Change (%) Group revenue 190 9 170 5 +12 0%Digital processing revenue 126 9 106 9 +18 8% Recurring digital processing revenue 112 7 94 6 +19 1% Non-recurring digital revenue (licences + project) 14 2 12 3 +15 4% Postage & parcel optimisation revenue 64 0 63 6 +0 6% Recurring revenue (in % of total revenue) 92 5% 92 8% -0 3%pts Gross margin digital processing 41 9% 43 7% -1 8%pts EBITDA margin -3 4% -2 6% -0 8%pts R&D costs (expensed and capitalised) 36 2 33 1 +9 4% Loss for the period -43 5 -25 6 -69 9% Cash and cash equivalents 40 0 17 0 +135 3%Key business KPI’s(#) End Q4 2022 End Q4 2021 Change (%) Customers 1.063.776 792.594 +34 2% Paying customers 468.128 368.277 +27 1% Customers paid by 3rd parties 595.648 424.317 +40 4% Companies in business network 2.109.297 1.504.895 +40 2% Banqup customers 124.333 35.408 +251 1% Growth (new subscriptions) 18.255 16.346 - Migrated 70.582 - - Banqup customers Belgium (Billtobox) 40.363 28.864 +39 8% Banqup customers France (JeFacture) 5.428 2.072 +162 0%Double-digit growth rates in digital processing businessUnifiedpost grew its revenue in FY2022 by 12 0% y-o-y to €190 9 million  driven by double-digit growth of the digital processing revenue of 18 8% combined with a limited growth in postage and parcel optimisation services.The Group saw its revenue from digital processing increasing to €126 9 million in FY2022. This was predominantly thanks to the strong growth rate of 19 1% y-o-y in recurring digital processing revenue  i.e. digital platform revenue excluding the project and licence business. The growth is spread over different countries and markets  with the Nordics  Serbia  Romania  the Baltics  and the Benelux showing accelerating growth rates. The subscription revenue growth (i.e. SME business) was high with a 35 6% growth y-o-y.The project and licence business  which is non-recurring  contributed €14 2 million to the FY2022 revenue. As indicated in the H1 2022 financial update  the non-recurring revenue is depending on the timely closing of major deals (before YE). In Q4 a large distribution deal for the French market was realised with ECMA (the French accountants federation)  which includes the creation of a joint venture between the two companies. Unifiedpost made also promising progress with several other deals  without closing them prior to YE2022. The Group expects to close these in 2023.The gross margin of the digital processing business decreased to 41 9%  a decrease of 1 8%pts y-o-y  reflecting some inflationary effects and larger customers with hybrid communication going live.Solid low single-digit growth in postage & parcel optimisation businessRevenue of postage and parcel optimisation services slightly increased over the year (+0 6% y/y to €64 0 million). For existing customers  the shift from paper to digital continues and is accelerating. As a result  Unifiedpost realised lower revenue growth in the postage and parcel optimisation business. However  this was offset by two factors: Unifiedpost onboarded major new customers and increased its prices in this segment. Consequently  Unifiedpost still managed to achieve a slight growth in postage and parcel revenue over the year. It is important to underline that the postage and parcel optimisation business  which yields lower margins  is being overtaken by the digital services business  which generates higher margins and is experiencing steady double-digit growth. The postage & parcel optimisation realised a gross margin of 10 9% for FY2022  slightly down by 0 4%pts compared to FY2021  also as a consequence of inflationary effects.Unifiedpost services over 1 million companies representing 8% of all SMEs in EuropeUnifiedpost was and is ambitious in its targets for new customer onboarding. At the end of the period the customer growth was 34 2% y-o-y  a third consecutive year with a growth of at least 30%. In the fourth quarter of 2022 a new high of 76.805 new customers were onboarded onto our platform  most of them SME’s. At year-end  the Group had a total of 1.063.776 paying customers  either directly paying or paid by third parties. Unifiedpost’s business network expanded in 2022 to over 2 million companies (2.109.297)  representing an estimated 8 4% of SMEs in Europe. Today Unifiedpost is the most dominant e-invoice and e-payment provider in the SME-segment.The number of Banqup (incl. Billtobox and JeFacture) customers strongly grew to 124.333  reflecting a growth rate of 251 1% y-o-y. Although France has delayed the adoption of mandatory e-invoicing  over 5.428 early adopters onboarded on the JeFacture solution.Overall average revenue per user (ARPU) in the digital processing business amounted to €27 3 in Q4 2022. This is an increase due to the strong quarter for non-recurring digital revenue. 88 8% of the total digital processing revenue resulted from recurring services.FY2022 EBITDA / result impacted by a peak in roll-out cost and inflationBoth segments combined  i.e. combining the digital processing revenue and postage and parcel optimisation services  led to total revenue of €190 9 million and a gross profit of €60 2 million. Gross margin slightly decreased to 31 5% (FY 2021: 31 6%).During FY2022  the Group spent €36 2 million on research and development (R&D)  of which 61% was capitalised. The R&D spending is equivalent to 28 5% (down 2 5%pts y-o-y) of digital processing revenue. After having self-developed the platform successfully and rolling out the product  Unifiedpost has now been able to reduce its R&D spending as a percentage of total digital processing revenue.General and Administrative cost (G&A) accounted to €45 8 million  24 0% of the Group’s total revenue. The Group was able to stabilise its G&A costs in a year with increasing service and labour cost. Consequently  G&A cost ratio went up by just 0 3%pts compared to last year. Some operational costs related to the roll-out of Banqup have reached their peak during 2022 and have started to decline in absolute levels.Sales & Marketing expenses went up from €24 9 million in 2021 to €29 2 million in FY2022  or from 14 6% of total revenue to 15 3% in FY2022. The increase is caused by investments of the Group in local sales teams that are close to the business and customers. This platform and sales set-up was an important step for the Group in 2022. It was in line with the strategic approach to operate the global platform locally  with local teams and software that is adapted to local requirements and legislation.The Group reported an EBITDA loss of -€6 4 million for FY 2022. After a negative H1 2022 (H1 2022 EBITDA of -€6 5 million)  Unifiedpost released a slightly positive EBITDA in H2  in Q42022 even +€1 8 million. The positive development on the EBITDA-level proves that Unifiedpost is well on track to reach its goal delivering a positive cash flow for H2 2023.The loss from operations for the period amounted to €29 9 million. The loss for the period is €43 5 million. The loss for the period is impacted by higher financial expenses (-€9 4 million of which -€8 0 million is linked to Francisco Partners funding)  by a loss of -€1 9 million on an associate company (Facturel  joint investment with ECMA in France) and by the change in fair value of financial liabilities (-€4 3 million). The latter is linked to the settlement of the earn-out with the former Crossinx shareholders  as published on 21st October 2022 (-€4 8 million). By settling the earn-out agreement with Crossinx  Unifiedpost eliminated the risk of having to pay out an earn-out of €60 million in the future - of which €20 million in cash. The settlement of the earn-out through the repayment of 1 3 million shares worth €4 8 million is therefore fully in line with our announced focus on making our cash flow positive.Funding securedThe cash flow from financing activities amounted to +€67 6 million at the end of the period. Unifiedpost’s cash and cash equivalents increased from €17 0 million at YE 2021 to €40 0 million at YE 2022. The Group also has €17 7 million of undrawn financing facilities. The increase in cash position was due to the €100 million five-year senior facilities agreement  provided by Francisco Partners  a leading global investment firm that specialises in partnering with technology-enabled businesses. The facility is structured in a term loan facility A of €75 million which has been drawn at closing and a capex facility B of €25 million which has been drawn in December 2022. Unifiedpost met all covenants checks during the year 2022.The Group’s net debt position at year end 2022 amounted to €69 4 million.Sufficient liquidity for growth pathUnifiedpost’s management expects that the Group is equipped with sufficient liquidity until cash flow break-even will be reached. The Group targets to be cash flow positive by the second semester of 2023. The Group is well on the way with the cost management program and can benefit from the growth of the customer base and increasing recurring processing revenue.Increasing tailwinds in the addressable markets: EU Commission publishes law proposal to revamp EU’s VAT systemWith the geographical expansion in 2021  Unifiedpost unlocked the market potential in these countries in the course of 2022 driven by the rollout-out of business. The momentum and trend of digitisation as well as governments wanting to close the VAT-gap remain key in all markets. In response to sustainably growing digitisation of the economy  on 8 December 2022 the European Commission published its long-awaited proposals to revamp the EU’s VAT system. With this proposal  the EU wants to further modernise VATreporting obligations and to address the challenges of the platform economy  by updating the VAT rules applicable. These are positive proposals in view of Unifiedpost’s business model.ESGA good corporate citizenship has always been fundamental and part of Unifiedpost’s DNA. The Company recognizes its responsibility to consider the impact of its business on the environment and society  and is committed to integrating sustainability into our business strategy. In 2022  the ESG-roadmap drawn up the year before  was further implemented and for the first time  data gathering across all entities was kicked off.Positive cash flow expected for H2 2023[INSIDE INFORMATION] In 2023 and the years ahead Group management expects to significantly benefit from the growth in its key markets. The mandatory digital e-invoicing policies several European countries have implemented and will implement will have a positive effect on customers and revenue. With the changed economic circumstances and business conditions  the Company has decided to make the target to become cash flow positive its only target. The target remains to be cash flow positive for H2 2023.<End>The auditor  BDO Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL  has confirmed that audit of the consolidated financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 as included in this press release is substantially completed.Investors & Media webcastManagement will host a live video webcast for analysts  investors and media today at 10:00 a.m. CET.A recording will be available shortly after the event. To attend  please register at https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=72838B62-440A-4AF9-938F-7725F11EA13F . Participants can also join via telephone. They can obtain their personal dial-in details by registering with this link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI0e29ae9ca20e46b2acba56c18730b31e .A full replay be available after the webcast at: https://www.unifiedpost.com/en/investor-relationsFinancial Calendar 202314 April 2023 Publication Annual Report 202216 May 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders22 May 2023 Publication Q1 2023 Business Update29 August 2023 Publication H1 2023 Financial Results16 November 2023 Publication Q3 2023 Business UpdateContactLaurent Marcelis+32 477 61 81 37laurent.marcelis@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed in 2021  reaching over 1 600 000 SMEs and more than 2 500 Corporates across its platform today.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2022 turnover €191 million1400+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentiallyfrom the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.75,0.1,0.16,True,English,"['recurring digital processing', 'significant growth', 'Unifiedpost', 'threshold', '1 million', 'customers', 'significant double-digit recurring digital processing revenue growth', 'core recurring digital processing revenue', 'Solid low single-digit growth', 'core SME product Banqup', 'Gross margin digital processing', 'digital processing business', ""digital age' program"", 'digital platform revenue', 'general price increases', 'R&D costs', 'parcel optimisation services', 'H1 2022 financial update', 'large distribution deal', 'full digital invoicing', 'parcel optimisation revenue', 'Non-recurring digital revenue', 'Key financial figures', 'parcel optimisation business', 'Double-digit growth rates', 'French accountants federation', 'several other deals', 'subscription revenue growth', 'lower revenue growth', 'Good EBITDA improvement', 'Key business KPI', 'major new custo', 'ambitious growth path', 'new customer onboarding', 'strong growth rate', 'cash flow generation', 'Banqup customers France', 'one million customers', 'Recurring revenue', 'Unifiedpost digital network', 'positive cash flow', 'FY2022 Group revenue', 'significant acceleration', 'SME business', 'business network', 'major deals', 'EBITDA margin', 'customer growth', 'total revenue', 'key priority', 'new subscriptions', 'positive EBITDA', 'licence business', 'limited growth', 'FY2022 revenue', 'French market', 'customer base', '2,1 million companies', 'cash equivalents', 'La Hulpe', 'investment phase', 'Hans Leybaert', 'geopolitical tensions', 'energy crisis', 'growing momentum', 'coming years', 'European Commission', 'legislative proposal', 'first step', 'mandatory e-invoicing', 'continued contribution', 'strategic execution', 'ambitious way', 'FY2021 Change', '3rd parties', 'The Group', 'different countries', 'timely closing', 'joint venture', 'promising progress', 'inflationary effects', 'hybrid communication', 'two factors', 'larger customers', 'existing customers', 'full H2', 'European companies', 'two companies', 'FY2022 results', 'End Q4', 'Q4 2021 Change', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'Unifiedpost employees', '1,1% Growth', '35,6% growth', 'Focus', 'Belgium', 'March', '7:00 a', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Company', 'threshold', 'period', 'Highlights', 'CEO', 'founder', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'payments', 'December', 'VAT', 'partners', 'Story', 'licences', 'project', 'Postage', 'Loss', 'Billtobox', 'JeFacture', 'markets', 'Nordics', 'Serbia', 'Romania', 'Baltics', 'Benelux', 'ECMA', 'creation', 'YE2022', 'decrease', '1,8%pts', 'shift', 'paper', '4.333', '19']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19933,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2621573/0/fr/Calyxt-Inc-Reports-its-Fourth-Quarter-2022-Financial-Results-and-Provides-Corporate-Update.html,Calyxt  Inc. Reports its Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Update,NEW YORK  06 mars 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today that Calyxt  I…,"NEW YORK  06 mars 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today that Calyxt  Inc. (Nasdaq: CLXT)  a plant-based synthetic biology company for which Cellectis owns 49.1% (as of December 31  2022) of its issued and outstanding common stock  today announced operating and financial results for its fourth quarter ended December 31  2022. The contents of Calyxt’s announcement are included below:—Announced proposed merger with Cibus Global and filed initial registration statement on Form S-4——Current customer projects under development are on track——Signed agreement with Evologic Technologies to further develop and scale production of its Plant Cell Matrix™ and BioFactoryTM technologies—Merger Agreement with CibusOn January 17  2023  Calyxt announced it had entered into a definitive merger agreement with Cibus Global  LLC (Cibus)  a leader in precision gene editing in agriculture  under which Calyxt and Cibus will merge in an all-stock transaction. The merger will create a new industry-leading company that combines the two pioneers in agriculture-based gene editing and establishes one of the world's most sophisticated facilities for trait development and next-generation plant breeding.Under the terms of the merger agreement  Calyxt will issue shares of its common stock to Cibus shareholders in an exchange ratio such that upon completion of the merger  Calyxt shareholders will own approximately 5% of the combined company  subject to adjustments permitted by the merger agreement. The Boards of Directors of both companies have unanimously approved the transaction. Concurrent with the execution of the merger agreement  certain officers of Calyxt  all of Calyxt's directors  and Cellectis S.A.  Calyxt's largest shareholder  executed support agreements in favor of the merger. These support agreements provide 49.8% approval from Calyxt shareholders. A majority of Cibus' shareholders have also provided support agreements in favor of the transaction. The merger is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023  subject to customary closing conditions  including approval of the merger by the shareholders of Calyxt.""Cibus is an excellent strategic fit for Calyxt given our complementary technology platforms  and the merger provides a great opportunity to leverage multiple synergies to drive innovation and shareholder value "" said Michael A. Carr  President and Chief Executive Officer of Calyxt. ""I am deeply proud of the significant accomplishments made by our team and their commitment to further the science of biotechnology and synthetic biology in significant ways.""Upon closing of the transaction  the combined company  renamed Cibus Inc.  is expected to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the proposed ticker symbol CBUS. The current Cibus management team will lead the new combined organization with Rory Riggs assuming the roles of Chair of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Corporate headquarters for the combined company will be located in San Diego  California and Calyxt’s offices  laboratory  and breeding facilities in Roseville  Minnesota will remain operational as a key site for the combined company.On February 14  2023  Calyxt filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Registration Statement contains a preliminary proxy statement / prospectus in connection with the transaction. Although the Registration Statement has not yet become effective and the information contained therein is subject to change  it provides important information about Calyxt and the proposed transactions.Other key accomplishments in the fourth quarter of 2022  and through the date of this press release  include the following:Current Customer Projects Under Development are on TrackCalyxt continued to progress the pilot project for a major consumer packaged goods company with delivery of initial quantities of a plant-based chemistry for customer evaluation expected in the second quarter of 2023.Calyxt continued to progress the development of its soybean-based palm oil alternative plant trait and it achieved the first milestone payment in the fourth quarter of 2022  with the overall project scheduled for completion in the first quarter of 2024  at which time the second milestone payment would be due.Signed Agreement with Global Infrastructure Partner to Enable Growth and Scale of Calyxt’s Proprietary Plant Cell Matrix and BioFactory TechnologiesOn October 6  2022  Calyxt announced that it signed an agreement with a manufacturing partner  Evologic Technologies GmbH (Evologic)  to further develop and scale Calyxt’s proprietary Plant Cell Matrix (PCMTM) and BioFactory technologies. Evologic's contract development and manufacturing services  based on its proprietary bioprocessing platform and technology  supports companies delivering unique and sustainable bioproducts. Under the terms of the agreement  Evologic will work alongside Calyxt to grow and scale Calyxt's proprietary PCM structures and is currently scaling one PCM for Calyxt.Additional UpdatesIn early November 2022  Calyxt reached a settlement with one of its technology vendors regarding alleged intellectual property infringement. As a result of the settlement  Calyxt received $750 thousand in the fourth quarter of 2022 and received another $750 thousand earlier in the first quarter of 2023.Financial Results for the Three Months Ended December 31  2022Cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash totaled $3.5 million as of December 31  2022.Revenue was nominal in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $1.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease in revenue was driven by the late 2021 completion of the wind-down of the Company’s soybean product line. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022 was primarily associated with the Company’s agreement with a food ingredient manufacturer to develop a palm oil alternative.Total operating expenses were $3.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $6.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease was driven by actions taken by management to lower Calyxt’s operating expenses.Cash runway  considering interim funding to be provided by Cibus as described in the Merger Agreement  is sufficient to fund operations through the second quarter of 2023.About CalyxtCalyxt (Nasdaq: CLXT) is a plant-based synthetic biology company. Calyxt leverages its proprietary PlantSpring™ technology platform and Plant Cell Matrix™ structures to engineer plant metabolism to produce innovative high value plant-based chemistries for use in customers' materials and products. As plant-based solutions  Calyxt's synthetic biology products can be used in helping customers meet their sustainability targets and financial goals. Calyxt's diversified offerings are primarily delivered through its proprietary BioFactory production system. For more information  visit www.calyxt.com.PlantSpring  Plant Cell Matrix  PCM  BioFactory  and the Calyxt logo are trademarks of Calyxt  Inc. Any other trademarks belong to their respective owners.ContactBill Koschak(651) 425-1754investors@calyxt.comForward-Looking StatementsThis communication contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases  you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as “anticipates ” “believes ” “continue ” “estimates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “might ” “plans ” “predicts ” “projects ” “should ” “targets ” “will ” or the negative of these terms and other similar terminology. Forward-looking statements in this report include statements about the proposed merger with Cibus  including the anticipated Nasdaq listing of the combined company; the Company's future financial performance  including its liquidity and capital resources  cash runway and its ability to continue as a going concern; its product pipeline and development; its business model and strategies for the development  commercialization and sales of commercial products; commercial demand for its synthetic biology solutions; the development and deployment of its PlantSpring technology platform; the ability to scale production capability for its BioFactory production system; potential development agreements  partnerships  customer relationships  and licensing arrangements and their contribution to its financial results  cash usage  and growth strategies; and anticipated trends in its business. These and other forward-looking statements are predictions and projections about future events and trends based on the Company's current expectations  objectives  and intentions and are premised on current assumptions. The Company's actual results  level of activity  performance  or achievements could be materially different than those expressed  implied  or anticipated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors  including  but not limited to: adverse impacts if the conditions to the closing of the Transactions are not satisfied or if consummation of the Transactions is delayed; Calyxt’s ability to realize anticipated benefits of the proposed Transactions; Calyxt’s ability to maintain its continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market; any adverse impact of the Company’s cost reduction measures and the proposed Transactions on its relationship with employees and third-parties  including ongoing negotiations with potential customers; the impact of increased competition  including competition from a broader array of synthetic biology companies; competition for customers  partners  and licensees and the successful execution of development and licensing agreements; disruptions at its key facilities  including disruptions impacting its BioFactory production system; changes in customer preferences and market acceptance of its products; changes in market consensus as to what attributes are required for a product to be considered “sustainable”; the impact of adverse events during development  including unsuccessful pilot production of plant-based chemistries or field trials; the impact of improper handling of its product candidates during development; failures by third-party contractors; inaccurate demand forecasting or milestone and royalty payment projections; the effectiveness of commercialization efforts by commercial partners or licensees; disruptions to supply chains  including raw material inputs for its BioFactory; the impact of changes or increases in oversight and regulation; disputes or challenges regarding intellectual property; proliferation and continuous evolution of new technologies; management changes; changes in macroeconomic and market conditions  including inflation  supply chain constraints  and rising interest rates; dislocations in the capital markets and challenges in accessing liquidity and the impact of such liquidity challenges on the Company’s ability to execute on its business plan; and other important factors discussed in Part I  Item 1A  “Risk Factors” in the Company’s filings with the SEC  included in Part I  Item 1A of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  which was filed with the SEC on March 3  2022 (its Annual Report) and its subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made by management of the Calyxt  Inc. are based only on currently available information and speak only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws  Calyxt  Inc. does not assume any obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  should circumstances change.Important Additional InformationIn connection with the proposed transactions  Calyxt has filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)  including a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Form S-4”)  which includes a proxy statement of Calyxt for the stockholders of Calyxt and that will serve as a prospectus of Calyxt and an information statement of Cibus  and other documents relating to the proposed transactions. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS  INCLUDING THE FORM S-4 AND THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS INCLUDED THEREIN BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT CALYXT  CIBUS AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS. After the Form S-4 is declared effective  the definitive proxy statement included in the Form S-4 will be mailed to Calyxt stockholders as of a record date to be established for voting on the matters to be considered at the Calyxt special meeting of stockholders being held in connection with the Transactions. The Form S-4  the proxy statement/prospectus included therein  and other materials filed by Calyxt with the SEC may be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) or from Calyxt by directing a request to: Calyxt  Inc.  2800 Mount Ridge Road  Roseville  MN 55113.Participants in the SolicitationCalyxt  Cibus and their respective directors  executive officers and other members of management may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the proposed transactions under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of Calyxt is set forth in Calyxt’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31  2021  which was filed with the SEC on March 3  2022  and its definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders  which was filed with the SEC on April 19  2022.Other information regarding persons who may  under the rules of the SEC  be deemed to be participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their interests in the transaction  by security holdings or otherwise  are included in the proxy statement/prospectus included in the Form S-4 and other relevant materials filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. Investors should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from Calyxt or the SEC’s website  as indicated above.No Offer or SolicitationThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of Calyxt  Cibus or the combined company  nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made in the United States except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions to be approved by the relevant regulators or certain facts to be ascertained  a public offer will not be made directly or indirectly  in or into any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws of such jurisdiction  or by use of the mails or by any means or instrumentality (including without limitation  facsimile transmission  telephone or internet) of interstate or foreign commerce  or any facility of a national securities exchange  of any such jurisdiction.CALYXT  INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(In Thousands  Except Par Value and Share Amounts)December 31  2022(unaudited) December 31 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 3 427 $ 13 823 Restricted cash 99 499 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 606 859 Total current assets 4 132 15 181 Non-current restricted cash — 99 Land  buildings  and equipment 4 516 21 731 Operating lease right-of-use assets 13 615 — Other non-current assets 158 183 Total assets $ 22 421 $ 37 194 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 340 $ 1 260 Accrued expenses 173 339 Accrued compensation 107 2 522 Due to related parties 175 172 Current portion of financing lease obligations 97 370 Common stock warrants 291 — Other current liabilities 479 191 Total current liabilities 1 662 4 854 Financing lease obligations — 17 506 Operating lease obligations 13 447 — Other non-current liabilities 79 702 Total liabilities 15 188 23 062 Stockholders’ equity: Common stock  $0.0001 par value; 275 000 000 shares authorized; 48 944 771 shares issued and 48 844 619 shares outstanding as of December 31  2022  and 38 874 146 shares issued and 38 773 994 shares outstanding as of December 31  2021 5 4 Additional paid-in capital 220 422 211 263 Common stock in treasury  at cost; 100 152 shares as of December 31  2022  and December 31  2021 (1 043 ) (1 043 ) Accumulated deficit (212 151 ) (196 092 ) Total stockholders’ equity 7 233 14 132 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 22 421 $ 37 194CALYXT  INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(Unaudited)(In Thousands Except Shares and Per Share Amounts)Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue $ 42 $ 1 943 $ 157 $ 25 987 Cost of goods sold — 2 004 — 28 557 Gross profit 42 (61 ) 157 (2 570 ) Operating expenses: Research and development 2 346 2 862 11 553 11 335 Selling  general  and administrative 1 009 3 787 10 974 15 427 Total operating expenses 3 355 6 649 22 527 26 762 Loss from operations (3 313 ) (6 710 ) (22 370 ) (29 332 ) Gain upon extinguishment of Payroll Protection Program loan — — — 1 528 Interest  net (7 ) (355 ) (87 ) (1 414 ) Non-operating income (expenses) 483 8 5 566 19 Loss before income taxes (2 837 ) (7 057 ) (16 891 ) (29 199 ) Income taxes — — — — Net loss $ (2 837 ) $ (7 057 ) $ (16 891 ) $ (29 199 ) Basic and diluted net loss per share $ (0.06 ) $ (0.18 ) $ (0.37 ) $ (0.78 ) Weighted average shares outstanding – basic and diluted 48 442 861 38 277 279 45 997 525 37 475 763 Anti-dilutive stock options  restricted stock units  performance stock units  and common stock warrants 15 960 659 6 001 405 15 960 659 6 001 405About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene NAI-1535379410v6 editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth in Paris (ticker: ALCLS).CONTACT:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.com Ashley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.11,0.24,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Corporate Update', 'Calyxt', 'soybean-based palm oil alternative plant trait', 'major consumer packaged goods company', 'Proprietary Plant Cell Matrix', 'plant-based synthetic biology company', 'current Cibus management team', 'Plant Cell Matrix™', 'proprietary bioprocessing platform', 'next-generation plant breeding', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Current customer projects', 'excellent strategic fit', 'Michael A. Carr', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'precision gene editing', 'agriculture-based gene editing', 'U.S. Securities', 'new industry-leading company', 'preliminary proxy statement', 'first milestone payment', 'second milestone payment', 'customary closing conditions', 'complementary technology platforms', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'Other key accomplishments', 'Cellectis S.A.', 'The Registration Statement', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'new combined organization', 'outstanding common stock', 'Global Infrastructure Partner', 'initial registration statement', 'Evologic Technologies GmbH', 'definitive merger agreement', 'trait development', 'life-saving cell', 'combined company', 'plant-based chemistry', 'NEW YORK', 'gene therapies', 'customer evaluation', 'Form S', 'significant accomplishments', 'breeding facilities', 'key site', 'initial quantities', 'first quarter', 'manufacturing partner', 'second quarter', 'BioFactoryTM technologies', 'BioFactory Technologies', 'Cibus Global', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'financial results', 'fourth quarter', 'two pioneers', 'sophisticated facilities', 'exchange ratio', 'largest shareholder', 'support agreements', 'great opportunity', 'multiple synergies', 'shareholder value', 'significant ways', 'ticker symbol', 'Rory Riggs', 'Corporate headquarters', 'San Diego', 'Exchange Commission', 'press release', 'pilot project', 'overall project', 'manufacturing services', 'sustainable biop', 'Cibus shareholders', ""Cibus' shareholders"", 'stock transaction', 'Euronext Growth', 'important information', 'contract development', 'Calyxt shareholders', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'Inc.', 'CLXT', 'December', 'issued', 'operating', 'contents', 'announcement', 'track', 'scale', 'production', 'January', 'leader', 'world', 'terms', 'shares', 'completion', 'adjustments', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'companies', 'execution', 'officers', 'favor', '49.8% approval', 'majority', 'innovation', 'President', 'commitment', 'science', 'CBUS', 'roles', 'Chair', 'California', 'offices', 'laboratory', 'Roseville', 'Minnesota', 'February', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'transactions', 'date', 'delivery', 'time', 'October', 'PCMTM', 'unique', '06']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19934,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-Declaration-according-to-article-223-16-AMF-43172204/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Wavestone :  Declaration according to article 223-16 (AMF),(marketscreener.com)  In accordance with article L233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as ofFebruary 28  2023  its capital was composed of 20 196 492 shares representing 32 519 834 voting rights according to article 223-11 of th…,"In accordance with article L233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as ofFebruary 28  2023  its capital was composed of 20 196 492 shares representing 32 519 834 voting rights according to article 223-11 of the AMF.About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is the key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large companies and organizations in their most critical transformations  with the ambition of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. It's an ambition anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in the signature “The Positive Way.”Wavestone brings together more than 4 000 employees in Europe  in the United States and in Asia.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognized as a Great Place to Work®.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xm2baclmZJfHmnJtYZZtmZVnZmqUx2mWmpaZmZKdY8fKbGtil5tlbcnKZnBpnWZo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Total number of voting rights and capital:- Information on the total number of voting rights and shares making up the share capital Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78812-wavestone_declaration-amf_230306-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Wavestone', 'Declaration', 'article', 'AMF', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'The Positive Way', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Press relations', 'positive outcome', 'commercial law', '32,519,834 voting rights', 'large companies', 'critical transformations', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'Justine Brosset', 'Financial Communication', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Analyst Relations', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', 'share capital', 'accordance', 'article', 'Wavestone', 'shareholders', '20,196,492 shares', 'AMF', 'world', 'success', 'mission', 'organizations', 'ambition', 'stakeholders', 'firm', 'DNA', 'signature', '4,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Work', 'Tel.', 'Investor', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '33', '1 49', '1 53']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19935,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2620745/0/en/Vantiva-Information-concerning-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares.html,Vantiva - Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares.,March 6  2023  Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French......,English FrenchMarch 6  2023Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés FinanciersVantiva Shares(ISIN Code FR0013505062) Date Number of Outstanding Shares Number of Voting Rights February 28  2023355 408 265Number of Theoretical Voting Rights(1): 355 408 265Number of Voting Rights Exercisable at Shareholders’ meeting(2): 355 408 265(1) Calculated  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers  based on the total number of outstanding shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares with suspended voting rights.(2) Excluding shares with suspended voting rights.* **About Vantivawww.vantiva.com – Follow us: @Vantiva – www.linkedin.com/company/vantiva/Vantiva shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (VANTI) and traded in the USA on the OTCQX marketplace (OTCQX: TCLRY).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'Vantiva', 'Information', 'shares', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'French Commercial Code', 'Theoretical Voting Rights', 'English French', 'ISIN Code', 'General Regulations', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'OTCQX marketplace', 'Outstanding Shares', 'total number', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Vantiva Shares', 'Information', 'USA', 'TCLRY', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19936,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/HIGHCO-Shareholding-as-02-28-2023-43170388/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,HIGHCO : Shareholding as 02/28/2023,(marketscreener.com) INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers Date of settlemento…,INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESDeclaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Date of settlementof information Total number of shares Number of shares without voting rights (*) Number of voting rights for threshold calculation (**) Number of actual voting rights (exercisable at shareholders’ meeting) February 28  2023 20 455 403 319 981 22 818 769 22 498 788 January 31  2023 20 455 403 253 414 22 892 958 22 639 544 December 31  2022 20 455 403 250 392 22 948 713 22 698 321(*) exclusively consisting of treasury shares.(**) theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (article 223-11 of the General Regulations AMF).About HighCoAs an expert in data marketing and communication  HighCo continuously innovates to work with brands and retailers in meeting the retail challenges of tomorrow. Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has more than 500 employees and has achieved Gold status from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSARManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming eventPublication take place after market close .Quarterly gross profitQ1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  26 April 2023Q2 and H1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  19 July 2023Q3 and 9-months 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 20232023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024Analyst meeting (French Society of Financial Analysts - SFAF)2022 Annual Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 am: Wednesday  29 March 20232023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 am: Thursday  14 September 2023Earnings2022 Annual Earnings: Tuesday  28 March 20232023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['HIGHCO', 'Shareholding', 'Cécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSAR', 'SME equity savings plans', 'Managing Director Press Relations', 'des marchés financiers', '2022 Annual Earnings Conference Call', '2023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call', 'Upcoming event Publication', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'actual voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'Quarterly gross profit', 'General Regulations AMF', 'compartment C', 'press releases', 'Euronext Paris', 'French Society', 'CAC® Small', '2023 Gross Profit', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'data marketing', 'retail challenges', 'Gold status', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'Analyst meeting', 'Financial Analysts', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'SHARES Declaration', 'treasury shares', 'threshold crossing', 'English translation', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'financial information', '29 March', 'Articles', 'Date', 'settlement', 'calculation', 'February', 'HighCo', 'expert', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'tomorrow', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'place', 'Q1', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Q2', 'H1', 'Q3', '9-months', 'SFAF', 'Thursday', '14 September', 'Tuesday', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', 'Attachment', '11:00']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19937,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2620691/0/en/VALNEVA-Declaration-of-shares-and-voting-rights-February-28-2023.html,VALNEVA - Declaration of shares and voting rights - February 28  2023,VALNEVA  Declaration of shares and voting rightsFebruary 28 ...,English FrenchVALNEVADeclaration of shares and voting rightsFebruary 28  2023__________________________________________________________________________________________Company name: VALNEVARegistered office: 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain (France)Regulated market of Euronext Paris - Compartment BDeclaration date: March 6  2023Number of sharescomposing the share capital of Valneva Total number of voting rights including suspended voting rights* Description of the change Date on which this change was recognized Total number of voting rights excluding suspended voting rights**138 346 968ordinary shares with a par value of €0.15 each160 955 318 Double voting rights granted on 3 075 ordinary sharesSale of 50 shares with double voting rights Between February 10 & February 25  2023February 7  2023 160 830 996___________________________* Theoretical voting rights. This number is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.** Net (or exercisable at a General Meeting) voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['voting rights', 'Declaration', 'shares', 'February', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Double voting rights', 'Theoretical voting rights', 'General Meeting', 'English French', 'Company name', 'Registered office', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment B', 'share capital', 'par value', 'threshold crossings', 'Declaration date', 'change Date', 'Total number', 'ordinary shares', '50 shares', 'February', '44800 Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'March', 'Valneva', 'Description', 'Sale', 'basis', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-announces-postponement-to-effectiveness-of-ratio-change-under-its-American-Depositary-Receipt--43166595/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,VEON announces postponement to effectiveness of ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) program,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  Netherlands  6 March 2023 07:00 CET: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today provides an update on the timing of the ratio change under the Company’s ADR program  pr…,Amsterdam  Netherlands  6 March 2023 07:00 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or the “Company”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today provides an update on the timing of the ratio change under the Company’s ADR program  previously announced on 6 February 2023 and originally planned to become effective on 6 March 2023. The Company was informed late afternoon on Friday 3 March 2023 by BNY Mellon that the ratio change effectiveness has been postponed as The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”) was not prepared to make the new CUSIP with new ratio available on Monday  6 March 2023 as scheduled. The Company awaits further confirmation from DTCC as to when it will be prepared to make the new CUSIP with new ratio available and will announce the new timing for effectiveness as soon as this is confirmed.The Company’s original announcement with respect to the ratio change can be found on the Company’s website at this address:https://www.veon.com/media/media-releases/2023/veon-announces-ratio-change-under-its-american-depositary-receipt-adr-program/About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding the ADR ratio change. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws and except as set forth above  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.12,0.13,0.74,True,English,"['American Depositary Receipt', 'ratio change', 'VEON', 'postponement', 'effectiveness', 'ADR', 'program', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'applicable securities laws', 'global digital operator', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Russian securities laws', 'The Depository Trust', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'ADR ratio change', 'ratio change effectiveness', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'ADR program', 'BNY Mellon', 'Clearing Corporation', 'new CUSIP', 'new ratio', 'original announcement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'United States', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'Nik Kershaw', 'The Company', 'new timing', 'informational purposes', 'other jurisdiction', 'inside information', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'VEON Ltd.', 'press release', 'Friday 3 March', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', '6 March', 'Netherlands', '00 CET', 'NASDAQ', 'update', '6 February', 'DTCC', 'Monday', 'confirmation', 'respect', 'website', 'address', 'media-releases', 'american-depositary-receipt', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'registration', 'qualification', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'meaning', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'forward', 'circumstances', '07']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4115282.html,onefinestay Launches Luxury Villa Collection in Provence  France,onefinestay  the world’s leading luxury private rental brand  is delighted to launch its latest collection of stunning homes in the beautiful region of Provence  France. The collection offers a striking range of villas  all fully furnished  to the brand’s imp…,LONDON –onefinestay  the world’s leading luxury private rental brand  is delighted to launch its latest collection of stunning homes in the beautiful region of Provence  France. The collection offers a striking range of villas  all fully furnished  to the brand’s impeccable level of luxury. The introduction to onefinestay adds a further destination to the brand’s ever-expanding array of homes in France  already including Paris  Cannes  St Tropez  as well as other sought-after destinations in southern Europe including Italy  Spain and Greece. The Cote D’Azur’s prime location  Provence  offers everything from cultural and historic sites to beautiful vistas of rolling lavender fields and vineyards  and the perfect central spot to discover the south of France.onefinestay’s new offering in Provence will include the brand’s customary 24-hour concierge service  engaged guest and homeowner relations team  and the opportunity to add any additional services guests would like. These services include everything from housekeeping through to private chefs  vineyard tours or childcare  ensuring the best guest experience possible.onefinestay remains at the forefront of the private rental market  offering guests homes and villas of the highest standard across the globe  ranging from ski retreats in the Rockies  sprawling Caribbean villas  and historic castles in the Tuscan hills to design-led homes in cities such as New York  LA and London or incredible villas in Indonesia and Thailand. onefinestay attracts a range of discerning global travellers  from families or groups of friends  to couples or those wanting to work away from home – all united in shared appreciation of flawless end-to-end service and unmatched design. The launch of Provence marks another desirable destination where guests can enjoy this inimitable onefinestay experience.We are thrilled to announce the launch of these stunning new villas in Provence  further increasing onefinestay’s growing footprint in southern Europe. The villas added with the Provence portfolio are of the highest quality  providing a vast range  from both traditional French interiors to slick modern design. As per onefinestay’s standards  each are handpicked by the expert team  and provide the best possible villa to suit any guest. David Whiteside  Chief Operating Officer  EuropeDiscover a selection of onefinestay’s Provence collection below:Chateau du Moulin - Luberon  Provencehttps://www.onefinestay.com/home-listing/TK29167Source: AccorA peaceful paradise perfect for large family gatherings or group holidays with friends  the Chateau du Moulin is a stunning  sprawling ode to Provençal culture. With 15 bedrooms split across the main house  guest house and farmhouse  this magnificent chateau can comfortably sleep up to 30 guests. The chateau encapsulates the beauty of southern France and effortlessly blends traditional design and modern amenities.Bastide des Chenes - Luberon  Provencehttps://www.onefinestay.com/home-listing/TK29163Source: AccorSecreted away in the heart of the Luberon Valley  the Bastide des Chenes is surrounded by the spectacular natural landscapes.Carefully renovated to update the building's interior  the bastide remains an authentic expression of local architecture and Provençal living. The bastide's expansive grounds encompass three al fresco dining spaces  seven seating areas  a Japanese-influenced garden  and traditional Jardin à la Française.Mas de l'Ange - Les Alpilles  Provencehttps://www.onefinestay.com/home-listing/TK29190Source: AccorThis secluded villa is surrounded by stunning gardens and retains many of its original features  such as charming courtyards  outdoor stone staircases  and bright blue shutters. Guests are encouraged to spend as much time outdoors as possible  with the wisteria-covered al fresco dining area and outdoor lounge areas offering sunny spots and dappled shade.Villa Blanche - Var  Provencehttps://www.onefinestay.com/home-listing/TK29202Source: AccorVilla Blanche is a slick modern villa  sitting in the heart of a Golf estate and internationally renowned resort. Offering seven elegant bedrooms and welcoming up to 16 guests  it's an outstanding example of modern architecture at its best. The private estate ensures that guests have total privacy and seclusion  yet Villa Blanche’s location puts it within walking distance of the estate’s many facilities  including a championship golf course  tennis courts  spa and exclusive restaurants.Destet - Les Alpilles  Provencehttps://www.onefinestay.com/home-listing/TK29173/Source: AccorDestet is a gorgeous traditional home located in Les Apilles  nestled amongst the area’s lush greenery. Sleeping eight guests across five bedrooms  Destet has a wonderfully rustic aesthetic  complete with large windows inviting in the sunshine. A spectacularly renovated bastide  Destet is made for families and friends who want to experience Provençal living in all its glory.For more information and to discover onefinestay’s Provence collection  visit www.onefinestay.comAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Luxury Villa Collection', 'onefinestay', 'Provence', 'France', 'three al fresco dining spaces', 'wisteria-covered al fresco dining area', 'leading luxury private rental brand', 'The Cote D’Azur', 'customary 24-hour concierge service', 'private rental market', 'Provençal culture', 'Provençal living', 'rolling lavender fields', 'perfect central spot', 'discerning global travellers', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'spectacular natural landscapes', 'seven seating areas', 'outdoor stone staircases', 'bright blue shutters', 'outdoor lounge areas', 'homeowner relations team', 'traditional French interiors', 'large family gatherings', 'stunning, sprawling ode', 'championship golf course', 'best possible villa', 'Chateau du Moulin', 'seven elegant bedrooms', 'sprawling Caribbean villas', 'best guest experience', 'slick modern villa', 'gorgeous traditional home', 'inimitable onefinestay experience', 'stunning new villas', 'Bastide des Chenes', 'private chefs', 'end service', 'private estate', 'expert team', 'traditional design', 'traditional Jardin', 'stunning gardens', 'large windows', 'new offering', 'New York', 'secluded villa', 'Villa Blanche', 'modern design', 'magnificent chateau', 'modern amenities', 'modern architecture', 'Golf estate', 'stunning homes', 'beautiful region', 'impeccable level', 'expanding array', 'St Tropez', 'historic sites', 'beautiful vistas', 'vineyard tours', 'highest standard', 'ski retreats', 'historic castles', 'Tuscan hills', 'unmatched design', 'growing footprint', 'highest quality', 'David Whiteside', 'peaceful paradise', 'group holidays', 'main house', 'authentic expression', 'local architecture', 'expansive grounds', 'Japanese-influenced garden', 'Française', 'Les Alpilles', 'original features', 'charming courtyards', 'sunny spots', 'dappled shade', 'renowned resort', 'outstanding example', 'total privacy', 'walking distance', 'many facilities', 'tennis courts', 'exclusive restaurants', 'Les Apilles', 'lush greenery', 'five bedrooms', 'rustic aesthetic', 'incredible villas', 'latest collection', 'guest house', 'striking range', 'southern Europe', 'vast range', 'prime location', 'additional services', 'led homes', 'desirable destination', 'Luberon Valley', 'southern France', 'Provence portfolio', 'eight guests', 'Provence collection', '15 bedrooms', '30 guests', '16 guests', 'LONDON', 'world', 'introduction', 'Paris', 'Cannes', 'other', 'destinations', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Greece', 'everything', 'cultural', 'vineyards', 'opportunity', 'housekeeping', 'childcare', 'forefront', 'globe', 'Rockies', 'cities', 'Indonesia', 'Thailand', 'families', 'groups', 'friends', 'couples', 'appreciation', 'flawless', 'launch', 'standards', 'selection', 'listing', 'Source', 'Accor', 'farmhouse', 'beauty', 'heart', 'building', 'Mas', 'time', 'Var', 'internationally', 'seclusion', 'Destet', 'sunshine', 'glory', 'information']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,hospitalitynet.org
19940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2621428/0/en/Global-Bioenergies-launches-7-5-million-capital-increase-with-preferential-subscription-rights.html,Global Bioenergies launches €7.5 million capital increase with preferential subscription rights,This document may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.  Global Bioenergies launches......,French EnglishThis document may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.Global Bioenergies launches €7.5 million capital increase with preferential subscription rightsSubscription price: €2.07 per share  i.e. a discount of 25.7%1Subscription ratio: 6 new shares per 25 existing sharesTrading period for preferential subscription rights: from 8 March 2023 to 22 March 2023 inclusiveSubscription period: from 10 March 2023 to 24 March 2023 inclusive75% of the offering is guaranteed by subscription commitments from Marc Delcourt and the L’OREAL Group  for a total amount of €1.1million  and by underwriting commitments from qualified investors in the amount of €4.5 millionEvry  6 March 2023: Global Bioenergies (the “Company”) is announcing the launch of a capital increase with preferential subscription rights (“PSRs”) in a gross amount of approximately €7.5 million (the “Offering”).The purpose of the Offering is to provide the Company with the means to finance:working capital requirements for the Horizon 2 production line (approximately 40% of the Offering proceeds);further preliminary design studies for the Horizon 3 plant  known as ViaViridia (approximately 35%);additional R&D to further reduce process costs with a view to exploitation at Horizon 4 for the production of sustainable aviation and road fuels (approximately 25%).If the Offering is only 75% subscribed  i.e. €5.6 million  the proceeds will be allocated first to the Horizon 2 production line (approximately 50% of the proceeds) and the continuation of the preliminary design studies for the ViaViridia plant (approximately 40%)  while the Company will adapt the additional funds allocated to R&D in view of Horizon 4 accordingly (approximately 10%).Samuel Dubruque  Chief Financial Officer of the Company  said: “This offering comes at a pivotal time for the Company  which is now priming itself for its foremost objective of achieving strong revenue growth.”Marc Delcourt  Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of the Company  said: “New markets are gradually opening up to us  consolidating our roadmap by stages. Our next big battle over the next few months will be to finance the ViaViridia plant  where operations are now scheduled to start in mid-2026. The next battle will take place in biofuels  in the air transportation where we are expecting the ASTM certification soon  and in road transportation when Europe is wavering on its all-electric strategy.”Ana Kljuic. Vice President R&I L’Oréal for the Future & Green Sciences  said: “One of the key objectives of the L’Oréal for the Future programme is to achieve 95% naturalness in all our products by 2030. Global Bioenergies’ process is one of the radical innovations that will help us achieve that goal.”Main terms of the OfferingShare detailsName: Global BioenergiesISIN code: FR0011052257Symbol: ALGBEListing market: Euronext Growth ParisLEI: 969500H46XRAMTMVB676Nature of the OfferingOn 6 March 2023  the Board of Directors decided to launch a capital increase by issuing new shares (the “New Shares”) with preferential subscription rights  on a ratio of 6 New Shares per 25 existing shares with a par value of €0.05 each.The Offering is being carried out on the basis of the authority delegated under the 8th resolution adopted by the Combined General Meeting of the Company’s Shareholders held on 2 June 2022.A notice to shareholders relating to the Offering will be published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (BALO) on 8 March 2023.Maximum gross amount of Offering and maximum number of New SharesThe gross amount of the Offering  including the share premium  is €7 472 568 (comprising a par value of €180 497 and a share premium of €7 292 071)  corresponding to the issuance of 3 609 936 New Shares.Depending on the volume of demand  the Company reserves the right to exercise partially the extension clause (“Extension Clause”) and to increase the number of New Shares to be issued by an additional 254 798 New Shares  thereby bringing the total number of New Shares to be issued under the Offering to a maximum of 3 864 734 New Shares and bringing the maximum gross amount of the Offering to €7 999 999.The New Shares under the Offering will be the subject of an application for admission to trading on the Euronext Growth market in Paris. They will be immediately fungible with the existing shares of the Company already traded on Euronext Growth Paris and will be tradable  from that date  on the same line as those shares under the same ISIN code (FR0011052257 – Symbol: ALGBE).Subscription price of the New SharesThe subscription price has been set at €2.07 per New Share  comprising a par value of €0.05 and a share premium of €2.02  representing a discount of 25.7% on the closing price on 3 March 2023 (€2.785).Subscription periodThe subscription period for the New Shares will run from 10 March 2023 to 24 March 2023 inclusive.Terms of subscriptionSubscription for the New Shares will be reserved  by preference  to (i) holders of existing shares registered in their securities account at close of trading on 7 March 2023  to whom one PSR per existing share held will be allocated on 8 March 2023  and (ii) transferees of PSRs.Holders of PSRs may subscribe:to their statutory entitlement on an irreducible basis  at the rate of 6 New Shares per 25 existing shares held for additional shares on a reducible basis  for the number of New Shares they wish to buy in addition to their statutory entitlement to New Shares resulting from the exercise of their PSRs on an irreducible basis. Only the New Shares not covered by subscriptions on an irreducible basis will be allocated among subscribers on a reducible basis  within the limit of their requests and in proportion to the number of existing shares whose PSRs have been exercised in order to subscribe on an irreducible basis.The PSRs may only be exercised in a number allowing the subscription of a whole number of New Shares. Holders of PSRs not holding a sufficient number of existing shares to obtain a whole number of New Shares by way of irreducible subscription will have to buy the number of PSRs required to subscribe for a whole number of New Shares on Euronext Growth Paris.Fractional PSRs may be sold on Euronext Growth Paris during the PSR trading period.To exercise their PSRs  holders must make a request to their authorised financial intermediary at any time between 10 March 2023 and 24 March 2023 inclusive and pay the corresponding subscription price. PSRs not exercised will automatically lapse at the end of the subscription period  i.e. on 24 March 2023 at the close of trading. The funds paid in respect of subscriptions will be pooled by Société Générale Securities Services  which will be responsible for drawing up the certificate of deposit of the funds recording the completion of the capital increase and the issue of the New Shares.Requests to subscribe on an unrestricted basisIn addition to the possibility of subscribing on an irreducible and reducible basis in accordance with the terms and conditions specified  any natural or legal person  whether or not they hold PSRs  may subscribe to the Offering on an unrestricted basis.Persons wishing to subscribe on an unrestricted basis must send their request to their authorised financial intermediary at any time during the subscription period and pay the corresponding subscription price.Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code  subscriptions on an unrestricted basis will only be honoured if the subscriptions on an irreducible basis and on a reducible basis do not cover the entirety of the Offering  in which case the Board of Directors will have the option of freely allocating New Shares not subscribed  in whole or in part  among the persons (shareholders or third parties) of its choice who have submitted requests for subscriptions on an unrestricted basis.Theoretical value of PSR€.0138 (based on the closing share price on 3 March 2023  i.e. €2.785). The subscription price of the New Shares represents a discount of 21.79% on the theoretical value after detachment of the PSR.Listing of PSRsThe PSRs will be listed and traded on Euronext Growth Paris under ISIN code FR001400GG91 between 8 March 2023 and 22 March 2023 inclusive. If they are not used to subscribe for New Shares or sold  they will lapse at the end of the subscription period and their value will be nil.PSRs in respect of treasury shares held by the CompanyPursuant to Article L. 225-206 of the French Commercial Code  the Company may not subscribe for its own shares. PSRs corresponding to treasury shares held by the Company at 8 March 2023 will be sold on Euronext Growth Paris before the end of their trading period under the conditions provided for by Article L. 225-210 of the French Commercial Code.Limit on Offering amountIn the event that the subscriptions received on an irreducible basis  on a reducible basis and on an unrestricted basis do not absorb the entirety of the Offering  the Board of Directors may limit the amount of the Offering to the amount of subscriptions received  in accordance with Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code  provided that subscriptions received represent at least €5 604 426 corresponding to 75% of the initial gross amount of the Offering.Subscription and underwriting commitmentsMarc Delcourt  Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of the Company  has undertaken to subscribe for €0.16m.The L’OREAL Group  through its BOLD (Business Opportunities for L’Oréal Development) private equity fund  has undertaken  subject to certain conditions  to subscribe in proportion to its share of the Company’s capital (i.e. 13.1%)  for around €980 000.The Company is not aware of the intentions of its other shareholders.In addition  pursuant to irrevocable undertakings given to the Company  12 qualified investors (the “Underwriters”) have undertaken to subscribe for the New Shares that have not been subscribed for on an irreducible basis  on a reducible basis and on an unrestricted basis  at the end of the subscription period in a maximum amount of €4 482 500  representing a maximum of approximately 60% of the Offering. The New Shares not covered by subscriptions on an irreducible  reducible and unrestricted basis will be distributed and allocated to the Underwriters in proportion to their underwriting commitments and within the limit of 75% of the initial gross amount of the Offering.The underwriting commitments of the Underwriters are summarised below:Amount underwritten Alpha Blue Ocean €3 000 000 Nice & Green €500 000 Dynasty AM €300 000 Sully Patrimoine €200 000 Jerome Marsac €142 500 Diede Van Den Ouden €120 500 Other Underwriters €219 500 Total €4 482 500In respect of these underwriting commitments  the Underwriters will receive a fee in the aggregate amount of €224 125 out of the gross proceeds of the Offering. This fee will be payable in full regardless of the number of New Shares actually purchased by the Underwriters within the framework of the Offering. If the Offering is 75% subscribed  this fee would represent 3.99% of the gross proceeds. If the Offering is 100% subscribed  this fee would represent 2.99% of the gross proceeds.Furthermore  in case the Underwriters should subscribe to New Shares pursuant to their irrevocable undertakings  an additional fee representing 1% of the amount of the undertakings should be paid by the Company.Net proceeds from the OfferingAssuming full subscription of the Offering (i.e. an amount of €7.5 million) including 100% of commitments from the Underwriters  the total net proceeds of the Offering (corresponding to the gross amount less all financial  legal and communication fees relating to the Offering) would be approximately €6.9 million. Assuming subscription of the Offering in the proportion of 75% (i.e. an amount of €5.6 million) including 75% of commitments from the Underwriters  the total net proceeds of the Offering (corresponding to the gross amount less all fees relating to the Offering) would be approximately €5.1 million.Retention and lock-up undertakingsNo forbearance or retention commitment has been made.GuaranteeThe Offering is not subject to a performance guarantee within the meaning of Article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code. However  it is stipulated that the Company has received subscription undertakings from some of its historical shareholders and underwriting commitments from the Underwriters enabling it to reach the threshold of 75% of the Offering.Provisional Offering timetable6 March 2023 Decision of the Board of Directors to launch and set the terms of the OfferingPublication of the press release announcing the launch of the Offering 7 March 2023 Accounting day after which holders of existing shares registered in their securities accounts will be allocated preferential subscription rights 8 March 2023 Detachment of the PSRsStart of trading of the PSRs on Euronext Growth Paris at the start of tradingPublication in the BALO of the notice relating to the Offering pursuant to Articles R. 225-120 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 10 March 2023 Opening of the subscription period 22 March 2023 End of listing of the PSRs on Euronext Growth Paris 24 March 2023 Closing of the subscription period 29 March 2023 Meeting of the Board of Directors to issue the New Shares and decide on the possible exercise of the Extension ClausePublication of the press release announcing the final amount of the Offering 31 March 2023 Settlement-delivery of the New SharesAdmission of the New Shares to trading on Euronext Growth ParisImpact of Offering on existing shareholdingsFor information purposes  the impact of the issuance of the New Shares on the shareholding of a shareholder holding 1% of the Company’s share capital prior to the Offering and not subscribing for the Offering would be as follows:Shareholding (%) Undiluted basis Diluted basis2 Before issuance of the New Shares via the Offering3 1% 0.83% After issuance of 3 609 936 New Shares via the Offering 0.81% 0.67% After issuance of 2 707 452 New Shares via the Offering if limited to 75% 0.85% 0.70% After issuance of 3 864 734 New Shares via the Offering with full exercise of the Extension Clause 0.80% 0.66%Impact of the Offering on equityAs a guideline  the impact of the issuance of the New Shares on the Company’s equity (calculated on the basis of consolidated equity at 31 December 2022) would be as follows:Undiluted basis Diluted basis4 Before issuance of the New Shares via the Offering5 €5 373 163 €22 724 669 After issuance of 3 609 936 New Shares via the Offering €12 845 731 €30 197 237 After issuance of 2 707 452 New Shares via the Offering if limited to 75% €10 977 589 €28 329 668 After issuance of 3 864 734 New Shares via the Offering with full exercise of the Extension Clause €13 373 162 €30 724 668Impact of Offering on shareholding structureThe following table shows the breakdown of capital before and after completion of the Offering based on the following assumptions: (i) no shareholder of the Company  with the exception of those who have undertaken to do so (see paragraph above entitled “Subscription and underwriting commitments”)  exercises their PSRs and (ii) the Offering is completed in the proportion of 100% of the amount initially planned.Before completion of the Offering After completion of the Offering Number of shares and theoretical voting rights Percentage of capital and theoretical voting rights Number of shares and theoretical voting rights Percentage of capital and theoretical voting rights BOLD Business Opportunities for L’Oréal Development 1 972 206 13.11% 2 445 535 13.11% Marc Delcourt 389 748 2.59% 467 042 2.50% Treasury shares 8 729 0.06% 8 729 0.05% Free float 12 670 726 84.24% 15 730 039 84.34% TOTAL 15 041 409 100% 18 651 345 100%Risk factorsThe Company notes that the risk factors relating to the Company and its business are set out in its 2022 half-year financial report and 2021 annual financial report  which are available free of charge on the Company’s website (https://www.global-bioenergies.com/rapport-semestriel-2022/ and https://www.global-bioenergies.com/rapport-financier-annuel-2021/?lang=en).The materialisation of some or all of these risks could have an adverse impact on the Company’s business  financial position  results  development or outlook. The risk factors set out in the aforementioned documents are unchanged at the date of this press release.Investors should also consider the following risks specific to the Offering:the market for the PSRs may be characterised by limited liquidity and high volatility;shareholders who do not exercise their PSRs will see their shareholding in the Company diluted (see Impact of Offering on existing shareholdings above);above); the market price of the Company’s shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the New Shares;the volatility and liquidity of the Company’s shares could fluctuate significantly;in the event of a fall in the market price of the Company’s shares  the PSRs could lose value;The Company has a financial visibility of approximately 8 months at the date of this press release  without taking into account the expected proceeds from the completion of the Offering. Whether the Offering is 75% or 100% subscribed  the Company’s visibility would be more than 12 months.Financial intermediaryTP ICAP Midcap is acting as Global Coordinator.ProspectusPursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  the transaction does not require the submission of a prospectus to the AMF for approval  given that the total amount of the offer calculated over a twelve-month period does not exceed €8 million.About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESaugmentationdecapital@global-bioenergies.com07 70 26 36 45PRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer of sale or solicitation of a purchase offer  nor will there be any sale of ordinary shares in any State or jurisdiction where such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful in the absence of registration or approval under the securities laws of said State or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations in some countries. Persons in possession of this document are required to ascertain and comply with any local restrictions.This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”).Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the AMF General Regulation  the Offering does not require the submission of a prospectus to the AMF for approval  given that the total amount of the offer calculated over a twelve-month period does not exceed €8 000 000.In the case of the Member States of the European Economic Area (other than France) and the United Kingdom (the “States Concerned”)  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of securities requiring the publication of a prospectus in any of the States Concerned. Accordingly  the securities may be and will be offered solely to (i) qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  in the case of any investor in a State Concerned  or within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as incorporated into domestic law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  in the case of any investor in the United Kingdom  (ii) fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation  as the case may be)  or (iii) in accordance with the exemptions provided for in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  or in other cases that do not require Global Bioenergies to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation  the UK Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in these States Concerned.This press release is not disseminated and has not been approved by an authorised person within the meaning of Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly  this press release is solely addressed to and intended for persons located outside the United Kingdom  (i) investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”) (ii) persons referred to in Article 49(2) (a) to (d) (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) of the Order or (iii) any other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issuance or sale of any security may be lawfully disclosed or communicated (all such persons being referred to as “Authorised Persons”). Any invitation  offer or agreement relating to the subscription  purchase or acquisition of the securities covered by this press release may only be addressed to or entered into with Authorised Persons. All persons other than Authorised Persons shall refrain from using or relying on this press release and the information it contains.This press release may not be published  distributed or disseminated in the United States (including its territories and possessions). This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  sell or subscribe for securities in the United States. The financial securities mentioned in this press release have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any securities regulation applicable in any state or other jurisdiction in the United States and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration under the Securities Act  except under an exemption scheme or in connection with a transaction not subject to registration under the Securities Act. Global Bioenergies does not intend to register the offer in whole or in part in the United States under and in accordance with the Securities Act or to make a public offering in the United States.This press release may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan.This press release contains information on the objectives of the Company as well as forward-looking statements. This information is not historical data and should not be interpreted as a guarantee that the stated facts and data will materialise. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. The Company cannot anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialisation of any risk or combination of risks may cause results to differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. This information is given only as at the date of this press release. The Company makes no commitment to issue updates of this information or the assumptions on which it is based  except as may be required by any legal or regulatory obligation.Lastly  this press release may be drawn up in French and in English. In the event of a conflict between the two versions  the French version shall prevail.1 On the closing price on 03 March 2023 of Global Bioenergies shares on Euronext Growth Paris2 Including the 2 394 616 warrants  719 499 founders’ warrants and 65 562 bonus shares awarded by the Company at the time of the present press release3 Calculations based on the number of shares comprising the share capital at the date of this press release  i.e. 15 041 409 shares4 Including the 2 444 616 warrants  661 999 founders’ warrants and 46 812 bonus shares awarded by the Company as at December 31st  20225 Calculations based on the number of shares comprising the share capital at the date of this press release  i.e. 15 041 409 sharesAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,True,English,"['€7.5 million capital increase', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Global Bioenergies', 'R&I L’Oréal', 'L’OREAL Group', 'Annonces Légales', 'preliminary design studies', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'strong revenue growth', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Euronext Growth market', 'working capital requirements', 'additional R&D', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Share details Name', 'ALGBE Listing market', '€7.5 million capital increase', 'next big battle', 'same ISIN code', 'The New Shares', 'Horizon 2 production line', 'Global Bioenergies’ process', 'Maximum gross amount', 'additional 254,798 New Shares', 'same line', 'additional funds', 'process costs', 'next battle', '6 new shares', '3,864,734 New Shares', 'total amount', 'Subscription price', 'Subscription period', 'New markets', '25 existing shares', 'French English', 'United States', 'Trading period', 'Marc Delcourt', 'qualified investors', 'Horizon 3 plant', 'sustainable aviation', 'road fuels', 'Samuel Dubruque', 'pivotal time', 'foremost objective', 'air transportation', 'ASTM certification', 'road transportation', 'electric strategy', 'Ana Kljuic', 'Vice President', 'Green Sciences', 'key objectives', 'radical innovations', 'par value', '8th resolution', 'Bulletin des', 'share premium', 'extension clause', 'closing price', 'maximum number', 'ViaViridia plant', 'total number', 'Subscription ratio', 'subscription commitments', 'Future programme', 'Main terms', 'Offering proceeds', 'document', 'America', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'discount', '8 March', '22 March', '10 March', '24 March', 'Evry', 'Company', 'launch', 'PSRs', 'purpose', 'means', 'view', 'exploitation', 'continuation', 'founder', 'roadmap', 'stages', 'months', 'operations', 'mid', 'place', 'biofuels', 'Europe', '95% naturalness', 'products', 'goal', 'Symbol', 'LEI', 'Nature', '6 March', 'Board', 'Directors', 'basis', 'authority', 'Shareholders', '2 June', 'notice', 'Obligatoires', 'BALO', 'issuance', 'volume', 'demand', 'subject', 'application', 'date', '3 March']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GLOBAL-BIOENERGIES-8071529/news/Global-Bioenergies-launches-7-5-million-capital-increase-with-preferential-subscription-rights-43172094/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Global Bioenergies launches 7.5 million capital increase with preferential subscription rights,(marketscreener.com) This document may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan. Global Bioenergies launches €7.5 million capital increase with preferential subscription rights Subscription price:…,Global Bioenergies launches 7.5 million capital increase with preferential subscription rights 03/06/2023 | 11:52am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields This document may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan. Global Bioenergies launches €7.5 million capital increase with preferential subscription rights Subscription price: €2.07 per share  i.e. a discount of 25.7%1 Subscription ratio: 6 new shares per 25 existing shares Trading period for preferential subscription rights: from 8 March 2023 to 22 March 2023 inclusive Subscription period: from 10 March 2023 to 24 March 2023 inclusive 75% of the offering is guaranteed by subscription commitments from Marc Delcourt and the L’OREAL Group  for a total amount of €1.1million  and by underwriting commitments from qualified investors in the amount of €4.5 million Evry  6 March 2023: Global Bioenergies (the “Company”) is announcing the launch of a capital increase with preferential subscription rights (“PSRs”) in a gross amount of approximately €7.5 million (the “Offering”). The purpose of the Offering is to provide the Company with the means to finance: working capital requirements for the Horizon 2 production line (approximately 40% of the Offering proceeds);further preliminary design studies for the Horizon 3 plant  known as ViaViridia (approximately 35%);additional R&D to further reduce process costs with a view to exploitation at Horizon 4 for the production of sustainable aviation and road fuels (approximately 25%).If the Offering is only 75% subscribed  i.e. €5.6 million  the proceeds will be allocated first to the Horizon 2 production line (approximately 50% of the proceeds) and the continuation of the preliminary design studies for the ViaViridia plant (approximately 40%)  while the Company will adapt the additional funds allocated to R&D in view of Horizon 4 accordingly (approximately 10%). Samuel Dubruque  Chief Financial Officer of the Company  said: “This offering comes at a pivotal time for the Company  which is now priming itself for its foremost objective of achieving strong revenue growth.” Marc Delcourt  Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of the Company  said: “New markets are gradually opening up to us  consolidating our roadmap by stages. Our next big battle over the next few months will be to finance the ViaViridia plant  where operations are now scheduled to start in mid-2026. The next battle will take place in biofuels  in the air transportation where we are expecting the ASTM certification soon  and in road transportation when Europe is wavering on its all-electric strategy.” Ana Kljuic. Vice President R&I L’Oréal for the Future & Green Sciences  said: “One of the key objectives of the L’Oréal for the Future programme is to achieve 95% naturalness in all our products by 2030. Global Bioenergies’ process is one of the radical innovations that will help us achieve that goal.” Main terms of the Offering Share details Name: Global BioenergiesISIN code: FR0011052257Symbol: ALGBEListing market: Euronext Growth ParisLEI: 969500H46XRAMTMVB676 Nature of the Offering On 6 March 2023  the Board of Directors decided to launch a capital increase by issuing new shares (the “New Shares”) with preferential subscription rights  on a ratio of 6 New Shares per 25 existing shares with a par value of €0.05 each. The Offering is being carried out on the basis of the authority delegated under the 8th resolution adopted by the Combined General Meeting of the Company’s Shareholders held on 2 June 2022. A notice to shareholders relating to the Offering will be published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (BALO) on 8 March 2023. Maximum gross amount of Offering and maximum number of New Shares The gross amount of the Offering  including the share premium  is €7 472 568 (comprising a par value of €180 497 and a share premium of €7 292 071)  corresponding to the issuance of 3 609 936 New Shares. Depending on the volume of demand  the Company reserves the right to exercise partially the extension clause (“Extension Clause”) and to increase the number of New Shares to be issued by an additional 254 798 New Shares  thereby bringing the total number of New Shares to be issued under the Offering to a maximum of 3 864 734 New Shares and bringing the maximum gross amount of the Offering to €7 999 999. The New Shares under the Offering will be the subject of an application for admission to trading on the Euronext Growth market in Paris. They will be immediately fungible with the existing shares of the Company already traded on Euronext Growth Paris and will be tradable  from that date  on the same line as those shares under the same ISIN code (FR0011052257 – Symbol: ALGBE). Subscription price of the New Shares The subscription price has been set at €2.07 per New Share  comprising a par value of €0.05 and a share premium of €2.02  representing a discount of 25.7% on the closing price on 3 March 2023 (€2.785). Subscription period The subscription period for the New Shares will run from 10 March 2023 to 24 March 2023 inclusive. Terms of subscription Subscription for the New Shares will be reserved  by preference  to (i) holders of existing shares registered in their securities account at close of trading on 7 March 2023  to whom one PSR per existing share held will be allocated on 8 March 2023  and (ii) transferees of PSRs. Holders of PSRs may subscribe: to their statutory entitlement on an irreducible basis  at the rate of 6 New Shares per 25 existing shares held for additional shares on a reducible basis  for the number of New Shares they wish to buy in addition to their statutory entitlement to New Shares resulting from the exercise of their PSRs on an irreducible basis. Only the New Shares not covered by subscriptions on an irreducible basis will be allocated among subscribers on a reducible basis  within the limit of their requests and in proportion to the number of existing shares whose PSRs have been exercised in order to subscribe on an irreducible basis. The PSRs may only be exercised in a number allowing the subscription of a whole number of New Shares. Holders of PSRs not holding a sufficient number of existing shares to obtain a whole number of New Shares by way of irreducible subscription will have to buy the number of PSRs required to subscribe for a whole number of New Shares on Euronext Growth Paris. Fractional PSRs may be sold on Euronext Growth Paris during the PSR trading period. To exercise their PSRs  holders must make a request to their authorised financial intermediary at any time between 10 March 2023 and 24 March 2023 inclusive and pay the corresponding subscription price. PSRs not exercised will automatically lapse at the end of the subscription period  i.e. on 24 March 2023 at the close of trading. The funds paid in respect of subscriptions will be pooled by Société Générale Securities Services  which will be responsible for drawing up the certificate of deposit of the funds recording the completion of the capital increase and the issue of the New Shares. Requests to subscribe on an unrestricted basis In addition to the possibility of subscribing on an irreducible and reducible basis in accordance with the terms and conditions specified  any natural or legal person  whether or not they hold PSRs  may subscribe to the Offering on an unrestricted basis. Persons wishing to subscribe on an unrestricted basis must send their request to their authorised financial intermediary at any time during the subscription period and pay the corresponding subscription price. Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code  subscriptions on an unrestricted basis will only be honoured if the subscriptions on an irreducible basis and on a reducible basis do not cover the entirety of the Offering  in which case the Board of Directors will have the option of freely allocating New Shares not subscribed  in whole or in part  among the persons (shareholders or third parties) of its choice who have submitted requests for subscriptions on an unrestricted basis. Theoretical value of PSR €.0138 (based on the closing share price on 3 March 2023  i.e. €2.785). The subscription price of the New Shares represents a discount of 21.79% on the theoretical value after detachment of the PSR. Listing of PSRs The PSRs will be listed and traded on Euronext Growth Paris under ISIN code FR001400GG91 between 8 March 2023 and 22 March 2023 inclusive. If they are not used to subscribe for New Shares or sold  they will lapse at the end of the subscription period and their value will be nil. PSRs in respect of treasury shares held by the Company Pursuant to Article L. 225-206 of the French Commercial Code  the Company may not subscribe for its own shares. PSRs corresponding to treasury shares held by the Company at 8 March 2023 will be sold on Euronext Growth Paris before the end of their trading period under the conditions provided for by Article L. 225-210 of the French Commercial Code. Limit on Offering amount In the event that the subscriptions received on an irreducible basis  on a reducible basis and on an unrestricted basis do not absorb the entirety of the Offering  the Board of Directors may limit the amount of the Offering to the amount of subscriptions received  in accordance with Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code  provided that subscriptions received represent at least €5 604 426 corresponding to 75% of the initial gross amount of the Offering. Subscription and underwriting commitments Marc Delcourt  Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of the Company  has undertaken to subscribe for €0.16m. The L’OREAL Group  through its BOLD (Business Opportunities for L’Oréal Development) private equity fund  has undertaken  subject to certain conditions  to subscribe in proportion to its share of the Company’s capital (i.e. 13.1%)  for around €980 000. The Company is not aware of the intentions of its other shareholders. In addition  pursuant to irrevocable undertakings given to the Company  12 qualified investors (the “Underwriters”) have undertaken to subscribe for the New Shares that have not been subscribed for on an irreducible basis  on a reducible basis and on an unrestricted basis  at the end of the subscription period in a maximum amount of €4 482 500  representing a maximum of approximately 60% of the Offering. The New Shares not covered by subscriptions on an irreducible  reducible and unrestricted basis will be distributed and allocated to the Underwriters in proportion to their underwriting commitments and within the limit of 75% of the initial gross amount of the Offering. The underwriting commitments of the Underwriters are summarised below: Amount underwritten Alpha Blue Ocean €3 000 000 Nice & Green €500 000 Dynasty AM €300 000 Sully Patrimoine €200 000 Jerome Marsac €142 500 Diede Van Den Ouden €120 500 Other Underwriters €219 500 Total €4 482 500 In respect of these underwriting commitments  the Underwriters will receive a fee in the aggregate amount of €224 125 out of the gross proceeds of the Offering. This fee will be payable in full regardless of the number of New Shares actually purchased by the Underwriters within the framework of the Offering. If the Offering is 75% subscribed  this fee would represent 3.99% of the gross proceeds. If the Offering is 100% subscribed  this fee would represent 2.99% of the gross proceeds. Furthermore  in case the Underwriters should subscribe to New Shares pursuant to their irrevocable undertakings  an additional fee representing 1% of the amount of the undertakings should be paid by the Company. Net proceeds from the Offering Assuming full subscription of the Offering (i.e. an amount of €7.5 million) including 100% of commitments from the Underwriters  the total net proceeds of the Offering (corresponding to the gross amount less all financial  legal and communication fees relating to the Offering) would be approximately €6.9 million. Assuming subscription of the Offering in the proportion of 75% (i.e. an amount of €5.6 million) including 75% of commitments from the Underwriters  the total net proceeds of the Offering (corresponding to the gross amount less all fees relating to the Offering) would be approximately €5.1 million. Retention and lock-up undertakings No forbearance or retention commitment has been made. Guarantee The Offering is not subject to a performance guarantee within the meaning of Article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code. However  it is stipulated that the Company has received subscription undertakings from some of its historical shareholders and underwriting commitments from the Underwriters enabling it to reach the threshold of 75% of the Offering. Provisional Offering timetable 6 March 2023 Decision of the Board of Directors to launch and set the terms of the OfferingPublication of the press release announcing the launch of the Offering 7 March 2023 Accounting day after which holders of existing shares registered in their securities accounts will be allocated preferential subscription rights 8 March 2023 Detachment of the PSRsStart of trading of the PSRs on Euronext Growth Paris at the start of tradingPublication in the BALO of the notice relating to the Offering pursuant to Articles R. 225-120 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 10 March 2023 Opening of the subscription period 22 March 2023 End of listing of the PSRs on Euronext Growth Paris 24 March 2023 Closing of the subscription period 29 March 2023 Meeting of the Board of Directors to issue the New Shares and decide on the possible exercise of the Extension ClausePublication of the press release announcing the final amount of the Offering 31 March 2023 Settlement-delivery of the New SharesAdmission of the New Shares to trading on Euronext Growth Paris Impact of Offering on existing shareholdings For information purposes  the impact of the issuance of the New Shares on the shareholding of a shareholder holding 1% of the Company’s share capital prior to the Offering and not subscribing for the Offering would be as follows: Shareholding (%) Undiluted basis Diluted basis2 Before issuance of the New Shares via the Offering3 1% 0.83% After issuance of 3 609 936 New Shares via the Offering 0.81% 0.67% After issuance of 2 707 452 New Shares via the Offering if limited to 75% 0.85% 0.70% After issuance of 3 864 734 New Shares via the Offering with full exercise of the Extension Clause 0.80% 0.66% Impact of the Offering on equity As a guideline  the impact of the issuance of the New Shares on the Company’s equity (calculated on the basis of consolidated equity at 31 December 2022) would be as follows: Undiluted basis Diluted basis4 Before issuance of the New Shares via the Offering5 €5 373 163 €22 724 669 After issuance of 3 609 936 New Shares via the Offering €12 845 731 €30 197 237 After issuance of 2 707 452 New Shares via the Offering if limited to 75% €10 977 589 €28 329 668 After issuance of 3 864 734 New Shares via the Offering with full exercise of the Extension Clause €13 373 162 €30 724 668 Impact of Offering on shareholding structure The following table shows the breakdown of capital before and after completion of the Offering based on the following assumptions: (i) no shareholder of the Company  with the exception of those who have undertaken to do so (see paragraph above entitled “Subscription and underwriting commitments”)  exercises their PSRs and (ii) the Offering is completed in the proportion of 100% of the amount initially planned. Before completion of the Offering After completion of the Offering Number of shares and theoretical voting rights Percentage of capital and theoretical voting rights Number of shares and theoretical voting rights Percentage of capital and theoretical voting rights BOLD Business Opportunities for L’Oréal Development 1 972 206 13.11% 2 445 535 13.11% Marc Delcourt 389 748 2.59% 467 042 2.50% Treasury shares 8 729 0.06% 8 729 0.05% Free float 12 670 726 84.24% 15 730 039 84.34% TOTAL 15 041 409 100% 18 651 345 100% Risk factors The Company notes that the risk factors relating to the Company and its business are set out in its 2022 half-year financial report and 2021 annual financial report  which are available free of charge on the Company’s website (https://www.global-bioenergies.com/rapport-semestriel-2022/ and https://www.global-bioenergies.com/rapport-financier-annuel-2021/?lang=en). The materialisation of some or all of these risks could have an adverse impact on the Company’s business  financial position  results  development or outlook. The risk factors set out in the aforementioned documents are unchanged at the date of this press release. Investors should also consider the following risks specific to the Offering: the market for the PSRs may be characterised by limited liquidity and high volatility;shareholders who do not exercise their PSRs will see their shareholding in the Company diluted (see Impact of Offering on existing shareholdings above);above); the market price of the Company’s shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the New Shares;the volatility and liquidity of the Company’s shares could fluctuate significantly;in the event of a fall in the market price of the Company’s shares  the PSRs could lose value;The Company has a financial visibility of approximately 8 months at the date of this press release  without taking into account the expected proceeds from the completion of the Offering. Whether the Offering is 75% or 100% subscribed  the Company’s visibility would be more than 12 months. Financial intermediary TP ICAP Midcap is acting as Global Coordinator. Prospectus Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  the transaction does not require the submission of a prospectus to the AMF for approval  given that the total amount of the offer calculated over a twelve-month period does not exceed €8 million. About GLOBAL BIOENERGIES Global Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE). Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.com Follow us on LinkedIn: Global Bioenergies Contacts GLOBAL BIOENERGIESaugmentationdecapital@global-bioenergies.com07 70 26 36 45PRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comDisclaimer This press release does not constitute an offer of sale or solicitation of a purchase offer  nor will there be any sale of ordinary shares in any State or jurisdiction where such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful in the absence of registration or approval under the securities laws of said State or jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations in some countries. Persons in possession of this document are required to ascertain and comply with any local restrictions. This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”). Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the AMF General Regulation  the Offering does not require the submission of a prospectus to the AMF for approval  given that the total amount of the offer calculated over a twelve-month period does not exceed €8 000 000. In the case of the Member States of the European Economic Area (other than France) and the United Kingdom (the “States Concerned”)  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of securities requiring the publication of a prospectus in any of the States Concerned. Accordingly  the securities may be and will be offered solely to (i) qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  in the case of any investor in a State Concerned  or within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as incorporated into domestic law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  in the case of any investor in the United Kingdom  (ii) fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation  as the case may be)  or (iii) in accordance with the exemptions provided for in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  or in other cases that do not require Global Bioenergies to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation  the UK Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in these States Concerned. This press release is not disseminated and has not been approved by an authorised person within the meaning of Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly  this press release is solely addressed to and intended for persons located outside the United Kingdom  (i) investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”) (ii) persons referred to in Article 49(2) (a) to (d) (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) of the Order or (iii) any other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issuance or sale of any security may be lawfully disclosed or communicated (all such persons being referred to as “Authorised Persons”). Any invitation  offer or agreement relating to the subscription  purchase or acquisition of the securities covered by this press release may only be addressed to or entered into with Authorised Persons. All persons other than Authorised Persons shall refrain from using or relying on this press release and the information it contains. This press release may not be published  distributed or disseminated in the United States (including its territories and possessions). This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  sell or subscribe for securities in the United States. The financial securities mentioned in this press release have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any securities regulation applicable in any state or other jurisdiction in the United States and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration under the Securities Act  except under an exemption scheme or in connection with a transaction not subject to registration under the Securities Act. Global Bioenergies does not intend to register the offer in whole or in part in the United States under and in accordance with the Securities Act or to make a public offering in the United States. This press release may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan. This press release contains information on the objectives of the Company as well as forward-looking statements. This information is not historical data and should not be interpreted as a guarantee that the stated facts and data will materialise. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. The Company cannot anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialisation of any risk or combination of risks may cause results to differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. This information is given only as at the date of this press release. The Company makes no commitment to issue updates of this information or the assumptions on which it is based  except as may be required by any legal or regulatory obligation. Lastly  this press release may be drawn up in French and in English. In the event of a conflict between the two versions  the French version shall prevail. 1 On the closing price on 03 March 2023 of Global Bioenergies shares on Euronext Growth Paris2 Including the 2 394 616 warrants  719 499 founders’ warrants and 65 562 bonus shares awarded by the Company at the time of the present press release3 Calculations based on the number of shares comprising the share capital at the date of this press release  i.e. 15 041 409 shares4 Including the 2 444 616 warrants  661 999 founders’ warrants and 46 812 bonus shares awarded by the Company as at December 31st  20225 Calculations based on the number of shares comprising the share capital at the date of this press release  i.e. 15 041 409 shares Attachment Global Bioenergies launches €7.5 million capital increase with preferential subscription rightsAll news about GLOBAL BIOENERGIES 11:54a Global markets live: Blackberry  Meta Platforms  Rivian  GM... 03/06 Global Bioenergies launches 7.5 million capital increase with preferential subscriptio.. GL 02/21 Global markets live: Airbus  Walmart  Meta  Home Depot... 02/21 Global Bioenergies  Shell Extend Renewable Road Fuels R&D Deal MT 02/21 Global Bioenergies successfully hits milestone in Shell collaboration and signs follow-.. GL 02/21 Global Bioenergies successfully hits milestone in Shell collaboration and signs follow-.. GL 02/21 Global Bioenergies Successfully Hits Milestone in Shell Collaboration and Signs Follow-.. CI 02/16 Start of the balloting process for ASTM certification of Global Bioenergies' technology.. GL 02/14 Global Bioenergies : First significant sales in 2022 GL 02/14 Global Bioenergies : First significant sales in 2022 GL,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.36,0.4,True,English,"['7.5 million capital increase', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Global Bioenergies', 'R&I L’Oréal', 'preferential subscription rights Subscription price', 'Offering Share details Name', 'L’OREAL Group', 'Annonces Légales', 'multiple email addresses', 'preliminary design studies', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'strong revenue growth', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Euronext Growth market', 'working capital requirements', 'inclusive Subscription period', 'additional R&D', 'Euronext Growth Paris', '7.5 million capital increase', 'ALGBE Listing market', 'next big battle', 'same ISIN code', 'The New Shares', 'Horizon 2 production line', 'Maximum gross amount', 'Global Bioenergies’ process', 'additional 254,798 New Shares', 'same line', 'closing price', 'additional funds', '25.7%1 Subscription ratio', 'Trading period', 'subscription commitments', 'process costs', 'next battle', 'First name', '6 new shares', '3,864,734 New Shares', 'total amount', 'share premium', 'New markets', '25 existing shares', 'United States', 'Marc Delcourt', 'qualified investors', 'Horizon 3 plant', 'sustainable aviation', 'road fuels', 'Samuel Dubruque', 'pivotal time', 'foremost objective', 'air transportation', 'ASTM certification', 'road transportation', 'electric strategy', 'Ana Kljuic', 'Vice President', 'Green Sciences', 'key objectives', 'radical innovations', 'Main terms', 'par value', '8th resolution', 'extension clause', 'maximum number', 'ViaViridia plant', 'total number', 'Future programme', 'Offering proceeds', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'document', 'America', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'discount', '8 March', '22 March', '10 March', '24 March', 'underwriting', 'Company', 'launch', 'PSRs', 'purpose', 'means', 'view', 'exploitation', 'continuation', 'founder', 'roadmap', 'stages', 'months', 'operations', 'mid-20', 'place', 'biofuels', 'Europe', '95% naturalness', 'products', 'goal', 'Symbol', 'LEI', 'Nature', '6 March', 'Board', 'Directors', 'basis', 'authority', 'Shareholders', '2 June', 'notice', 'Bulletin', 'Obligatoires', 'BALO', 'issuance', 'volume', 'demand', 'subject', 'application', 'date']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAUREL-4774/news/Maurel-Financial-Calendar-ndash-2022-Full-Year-Results-43172489/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Maurel : Financial Calendar – 2022 Full Year Results,(marketscreener.com)   Paris  6 March 2023   N° 07-23   Financial Calendar - 2022 Full Year Results   The press release of 2022 Full Year Results will be published on Tuesday March 14  2023 before the opening of the financial markets.   M&P will…,Paris  6 March 2023N° 07-23Financial Calendar - 2022 Full Year ResultsThe press release of 2022 Full Year Results will be published on Tuesday March 14  2023 before the opening of the financial markets.M&P will hold an analyst/investor conference via an audio webcast in French and English  Tuesday March 14  2023 at 10:00 a.m. with Olivier de Langavant  Chief Executive Officer  and Patrick Deygas  Chief Financial Officer  followed by a Q&A session.This audio webcast will be available live or delayed on the M&P website www.maureletprom.fror by clicking on the following link: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/maureletpromfr/20230314_1/For more information  please visit www.maureletprom.fr/en/ContactsMaurel & PromPress  shareholder and investor relations Tel: +33 (0)1 53 83 16 45 ir@maureletprom.frNewCapFinancial communications and investor relations/Media relations Louis-VictorDelouvrier/Nicolas MerigeauTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 98 53/+33 (0)1 44 71 94 98 maureletprom@newcap.euThis document may contain forecasts regarding the financial position  results  business and industrial strategy of Maurel & Prom. By nature  forecasts contain risks and uncertainties to the extent that they are based on events or circumstances that may or may not happen in the future. These forecasts are based on assumptions we believe to be reasonable  but which may prove to be incorrect and which depend on a number of risk factors  such as fluctuations in crude oil prices  changes in exchange rates  uncertainties related to the valuation of our oil reserves  actual rates of oil production and the related costs  operational problems  political stability  legislative or regulatory reforms  or even wars  terrorism and sabotage.Maurel & Prom is listed for trading on Euronext ParisCAC All-Tradable - CAC Small - CAC Mid & Small - Eligible PEA-PME and SRDIsin FR0000051070/Bloomberg MAU.FP/Reuters MAUP.PAPage 1 of 1,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['2022 Full Year Results', 'Financial Calendar', 'Maurel', 'Olivier de Langavant', 'Chief Executive Officer', '2022 Full Year Results', 'crude oil prices', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Q&A session', 'M&P website', 'oil reserves', 'oil production', 'Financial Calendar', 'financial markets', 'Financial communications', 'financial position', 'press release', 'analyst/investor conference', 'audio webcast', 'Patrick Deygas', 'following link', 'investor relations', 'Media relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'industrial strategy', 'risk factors', 'exchange rates', 'actual rates', 'related costs', 'operational problems', 'political stability', 'regulatory reforms', 'Eligible PEA-PME', 'Bloomberg MAU', 'FP/Reuters MAUP', 'Tuesday March', 'Euronext Paris', 'Prom Press', '10:00 a', '6 March', 'N°', 'opening', 'French', 'English', 'royalcast', 'maureletpromfr', 'information', 'Contacts', 'shareholder', 'NewCap', 'Louis-VictorDelouvrier', 'document', 'forecasts', 'business', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'extent', 'events', 'circumstances', 'future', 'assumptions', 'number', 'fluctuations', 'changes', 'legislative', 'wars', 'terrorism', 'sabotage', 'trading', 'CAC', 'SRD', 'Isin', 'Page', '33', '1 53']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2621010/0/en/Lleida-net-receives-three-new-patents-in-Europe-and-reaches-a-total-of-224-international-recognitions.html,Lleida.net receives three new patents in Europe and reaches a total of 224 international recognitions,MADRID  Spain  March 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The technology services company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received three patents in three of Europe's leading economies: Germany  Austria and Switzerland.,"MADRID  Spain  March 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The technology services company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received three patents in three of Europe's leading economies: Germany  Austria and Switzerland.These three new patents follow on from the one received in mid-February 2022 for its method for electronic contract signing.With these patents  the Spanish company  a European leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  has now obtained 224 international recognitions.The authors of the patents are the CEO of the company  Sisco Sapena  and Carolina Solá  part of the technical team of Lleida.net.The three patents are valid for 20 years in a region with more than 100 million inhabitants  and which represents an important part of the continent's economic engine.""Obtaining these three patents in three important countries is a further demonstration of our commitment to innovation and the protection of our intellectual property. This allows us to continue to lead in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry in Europe and to continue offering quality technological solutions to our clients "" explained Sapena  who founded the company in 1995.The company  which is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris  BME Growth in Madrid and OTCQX in New York  has been granted patent recognition in more than 60 countries.These include the European Union  the United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia and New Zealand.Its intellectual property portfolio is one of the strongest in the sector worldwide.Lleida.net's growth strategy in the electronic signature  notification and contracting market in the countries in which it is present and those in which it plans to be in the future  includes a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['three new patents', 'Lleida.net', '224 international recognitions', 'Europe', 'total', 'quality technological solutions', 'electronic contract signing', 'registered electronic signature', 'solid growth policy', 'intellectual property portfolio', 'technology services company', 'three important countries', 'three new patents', 'internationalization policy', 'New York', 'New Zealand', 'Euronext Growth', 'BME Growth', 'growth strategy', 'three patents', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Lleida.net', 'BME:LLN', 'leading economies', 'European leader', 'contracting industry', '224 international recognitions', 'Carolina Solá', 'technical team', '100 million inhabitants', 'important part', 'economic engine', 'patent recognition', 'European Union', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'contracting market', 'R&D', 'Spanish company', 'Sisco Sapena', '60 countries', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'EPA', 'ALLLN', 'LLEIF', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', 'mid-February', 'method', 'notification', 'authors', 'CEO', '20 years', 'region', 'continent', 'demonstration', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'protection', 'clients', 'Paris', 'OTCQX', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'sector', 'future', 'reinforcement']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleidanetworks-Serveis-Telematics-S-A-Lleida-net-receives-three-new-patents-in-Europe-and-reaches-43166794/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Lleidanetworks Serveis Telemàtics S A : Lleida.net receives three new patents in Europe and reaches a total of 224 international recognitions.,(marketscreener.com)   Lleida.net receives three new patents in Europe and reaches a total of 224 international recognitions.      06 Mar 2023 07:30 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   LLEIDA.NET      Madrid  March...https://www.marketscre…,"Lleida.net receives three new patents in Europe and reaches a total of 224 international recognitions.Madrid  March 6th - The technology services company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received three patents in three of Europe's leading economies: Germany  Austria and Switzerland. These three new patents follow on from the one received in mid-February 2022 for its method for electronic contract signing. With these patents  the Spanish company  a European leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  has now obtained 224 international recognitions. The authors of the patents are the CEO of the company  Sisco Sapena  and Carolina Solá  part of the technical team of Lleida.net. The three patents are valid for 20 years  in a region with more than 100 million inhabitants  and which represents an important part of the continent's economic engine. ""Obtaining these three patents in three important countries is a further demonstration of our commitment to innovation and the protection of our intellectual property. This allows us to continue to lead in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry in Europe and to continue offering quality technological solutions to our clients "" explained Sapena  who founded the company in 1995. The company  which is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris  BME Growth in Madrid and OTCQX in New York  has been granted patent recognition in more than 60 countries. These include the European Union  the United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia and New Zealand. Its intellectual property portfolio is one of the strongest in the sector worldwide. Lleida.net's growth strategy in the electronic signature  notification and contracting market in the countries in which it is present and those in which it plans to be in the future  includes a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Telemàtics S A', 'three new patents', 'Lleida.net', '224 international recognitions', 'Lleidanetworks', 'Europe', 'total', 'quality technological solutions', 'electronic contract signing', 'solid growth policy', 'intellectual property portfolio', 'technology services company', 'three new patents', 'three important countries', 'three patents', 'New York', 'New Zealand', 'internationalization policy', 'electronic signature', 'Euronext Growth', 'BME Growth', 'growth strategy', 'Lleida.net', '224 international recognitions', 'leading economies', 'European leader', 'contracting industry', 'Carolina Solá', 'technical team', '100 million inhabitants', 'important part', 'economic engine', 'patent recognition', 'European Union', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'contracting market', 'R&D', 'Spanish company', 'Sisco Sapena', '60 countries', 'total', 'Madrid', 'LLN', 'LLEIF', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', 'mid-February', 'method', 'notification', 'authors', 'CEO', '20 years', 'region', 'continent', 'demonstration', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'protection', 'clients', 'Paris', 'OTCQX', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'sector', 'future', 'reinforcement']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-43172773/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – March 03rd  2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from February 27th to March 03rd  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the…,Press ReleaseParis – March 03rd  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from February 27th to March 03rd  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-02-27 BUY 5 8.604000 43.02 XAMS 2023-02-27 SELL 46 8.646957 397.76 XAMS 2023-02-28 SELL 149 8.701007 1 296.45 XAMS 2023-03-01 BUY 200 8.675000 1 735.00 XAMS 2023-03-02 BUY 103 8.649126 890.86 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://fl-entertainment.com/) under the section «Investor Relations».AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'FY 2022 results', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'March', 'shares', 'February', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'Agenda', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DGB-GROUP-N-V-6434/news/DGB-N-The-Republic-of-Cote-d-Ivoire-partners-with-DGB-Group-on-large-scale-forest-restoration-proj-43166631/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,DGB N : The Republic of Côte d'Ivoire partners with DGB Group on large-scale forest restoration projects,(marketscreener.com)  DGB Group N.V.   a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  signed a Memorandum of Understanding with AGRO-MAP and the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire  represented by the Minister of Water and Forests  to conduct a …,"DGB Group N.V. (""DGB""  ""the Group""  or ""the Company"") (Euronext: DGB: NL0009169515)  a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with AGRO-MAP and the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire  represented by the Minister of Water and Forests  to conduct a feasibility study on the creation of forest plantations in classified forests with a view to generating carbon credits.The Republic of Côte d'Ivoire has experienced significant rates of deforestation over the past decades. The national forest coverage has decreased from 16 million hectares to less than 3 million hectares  according to the latest national forest and wildlife inventory. The Ministry of Water and Forests has set up the Strategy of Preservation  Rehabilitation and Extension of the Ivory Coast Forests (SPREF) on September 8  2021  establishing the general framework for the management of classified forests of the private forest domain of the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire  reflecting this desire to restore these forests.Together with AGRO-MAP  a Côte d'Ivoire-based company specialising in the development of projects in the agricultural  forestry  environmental  and biodiversity preservations  DGB is committed to supporting the government in the implementation of its strategy with carbon credit projects. Through the MOU  the parties have agreed to implement a transparent collaboration  starting with a feasibility study of the reforestation of classified forests with a view to generating carbon credits.The Republic of Côte d'Ivoire  AGRO-MAP and DGB will further collaborate in the areas of protection  restoration  and conservation of forests in Côte d'Ivoire; the creation and silvicultural management of reforestation  as well as the development of natural forest areas; the production of forestry plants; the sensitisation of communities and producers on forestry policy  notably the forestry code; capacity building of the Ministry's agents on the carbon generation process  the management of carbon credits  and the development of the regulatory framework for carbon management; and any other activity aimed at improving the environment.DGB GROUP Finance Director Niels van Houdt states:'The partnership has the potential to bring about significant positive change for Ivory Coast through the development of carbon credit projects. Large areas can be reforested  whilst also providing positive impact for local communities. Projects also contribute to the preservation of biodiversity  making areas more sustainable for future generations. With the support of the Minister of Water and Forests  the feasibility study for the project is expected to move forward  and we look forward to seeing the results.'From left to right: Patrice Adaye (Director AGRO-MAP)  Laurent Tchagba (Minister of Water and Forests Côte d'Ivoire) and Niels van Houdt (Finance Director DGB Group):From left to right: Patrice Adaye (Director AGRO-MAP)  Laurent Tchagba (Minister of Water and Forests Côte d'Ivoire) and Niels van Houdt (Finance Director DGB Group):The signing of the MOU took place at Salon International de l'Agriculture  as part of the Ministry of Water and Forests' Day in Côte d'Ivoire:DGB GROUP NVpress@dgb.earth+31108080126 (NL)+442080640936 (EN)The Republic of Côte d'Ivoire  also known as Ivory Coast  is a West African country with a population of approximately 26 million people. The country's official language is French  and it is known for its diverse wildlife  and beautiful coastline. Côte d'Ivoire is also one of the world's largest producers of cocoa and coffee  making agriculture a significant contributor to the country's economy. However  the country has faced significant environmental challenges  particularly with regard to deforestation. Côte d'Ivoire has lost a significant portion of its forest cover due to unsustainable agricultural practices and urbanisation. To address this issue  the government of Côte d'Ivoire has adopted policies and strategies aimed at preserving  rehabilitating  and extending the country's forest cover.DGB is a project developer of high-quality large-scale carbon and biodiversity projects accredited by third parties. The Group is focused on nature conservation and helping biodiversity flourish by assisting governments and corporations in achieving net-zero. Global megatrends drive the demand for carbon credits and underpin the growth opportunities. DGB GROUP NV is a public company traded on the main Dutch stock exchange Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol AEX:DGB and ISIN-code NL0009169515.. www.green.earthThis press release contains no (invitation to make an) offer to buy or sell or otherwise acquire or subscribe for shares in DGB Group NV and is not advice or recommendation as to whether action should be taken. This press release contains statements that may be interpreted as forward-looking statements  inter alia relating to the financial position of the DGB Group  the results achieved  and the company(ies) it operates. Forward-looking statements are all statements that do not relate to historical facts. These statements are based on information currently available and on forecasts and estimates made by the management of the DGB Group. Although the DGB Group believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  it cannot guarantee that the ultimate results will not differ materially from those statements that can be construed as forward-looking statements. Factors that can lead to  or contribute to  differences in current expectations include developments in legislation  technology  taxation  regulation  fluctuations in stock prices  legal proceedings  regulatory investigations  competitive conditions  and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks  and uncertainties that may affect forward-looking statements or the actual results of DGB Group are discussed in the Annual Report. The forward-looking statements in this document apply only as of the date of this document. Subject to any legal obligation to do so  the DGB Group accepts no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this document  whether they relate to new information  future events or otherwise.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.22,0.22,True,English,"[""Côte d'Ivoire"", 'large-scale forest restoration projects', 'DGB N', 'The Republic', 'DGB Group', 'main Dutch stock exchange Euronext Amsterdam', ""Côte d'Ivoire-based company"", 'DGB Group N.V.', 'DGB GROUP Finance Director', 'Finance Director DGB Group', 'leading carbon project developer', 'Forests Côte', 'Niels van Houdt', 'unsustainable agricultural practices', 'carbon generation process', 'high-quality large-scale carbon', 'national forest coverage', 'latest national forest', 'private forest domain', 'DGB GROUP NV', 'significant positive change', 'ecosystem restoration company', 'carbon credit projects', 'West African country', 'significant environmental challenges', 'natural forest areas', 'Ivory Coast Forests', 'The Group', 'carbon credits', 'Director AGRO-MAP', 'public company', 'company(ies', 'forest plantations', 'positive impact', 'significant rates', 'significant contributor', 'significant portion', 'carbon management', 'feasibility study', 'past decades', '16 million hectares', '3 million hectares', 'wildlife inventory', 'general framework', 'transparent collaboration', 'forestry plants', 'forestry policy', 'forestry code', 'capacity building', 'regulatory framework', 'other activity', 'future generations', 'Patrice Adaye', 'Laurent Tchagba', 'Salon International', '26 million people', 'official language', 'diverse wildlife', 'beautiful coastline', 'Global megatrends', 'growth opportunities', 'ticker symbol', 'press release', 'financial position', 'classified forests', ""Forests' Day"", 'Large areas', 'The Republic', 'biodiversity preservations', 'silvicultural management', 'local communities', 'largest producers', 'biodiversity projects', 'third parties', 'nature conservation', 'looking statements', 'Memorandum', 'Understanding', 'MOU', 'Minister', 'Water', 'creation', 'view', 'deforestation', 'less', 'Ministry', 'Strategy', 'Rehabilitation', 'Extension', 'SPREF', 'September', 'desire', 'development', 'government', 'implementation', 'reforestation', 'protection', 'production', 'sensitisation', 'agents', 'partnership', 'potential', 'support', 'results', 'left', 'right', 'signing', 'place', 'Agriculture', 'earth', 'NL', 'population', 'world', 'cocoa', 'coffee', 'economy', 'regard', 'issue', 'policies', 'strategies', 'corporations', 'net-zero', 'demand', 'AEX', 'ISIN-code', 'invitation', 'offer', 'shares', 'advice', 'recommendation', 'action', 'forward']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RELATECH-S-P-A-60731451/news/Relatech-receives-the-prestigious-award-ldquo-Industria-Felix-ndash-competitive-Lombardy-rdquo-43167759/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Relatech: receives the prestigious award “Industria Felix – competitive Lombardy” for performance and financial reliability,(marketscreener.com)      PRESS     RELEASE      RELATECH: RECEIVES THE PRESTIGIOUS AWARD   INDUSTRIA FELIX - COMPETITIVE LOMBARDY    Relatech is among the 54...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RELATECH-S-P-A-60731451/news/Rel…,"Industria Felix Magazine  the economics and finance quarterly edited by Michele Montemurro as a supplement to Il Sole 24 Ore  has created the Industria Felix Scientific Committee which  starting from a binding algorithm developed by a journalistic survey which selected a total of around 700 000 capitals with registered offices in Italy  identified the 54 companies that recorded among the best EBITDA  with a profit  a positive ROE  a financial expense/EBIT ratio of less than 50%  a delta of employees equal to or increasing compared to the previous year and a Cerved Group Score of solvency or financial security.Industria Felix  following a careful analysis of the economic and financial balance for the year 2021  awarded Relatech with the title of ""among the best innovative SMEs for management performance and financial reliability Cerved with registered office in the Lombardy region"".Relatech S.p.A.  Digital Enabler Solution Know-how (DESK) Company and innovative SME listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market (Ticker: RLT)  announces that  announces that  on 3 March 2022  it was awarded the High Financial Statement Honor conferred during the 46th FelixThe 46th edition of Industria Felix took place on 3 March 2022 in Milan at the ""Giorgio Squinzi"" Auditorium of AssolombardaRelatech is among the 54 companies that receive the ""Industria Felix - Lombardy that competes"" award for the best management performance and financial reliabilityFurthermore  Relatech  given its important commitment to Sustainability issues and havingalso developed and published the ESG non-financial report on a voluntary basis (link to the Relatech 2021 Sustainability Report)  has also achieved recognition as a company committed andresponsible towards the Environment  Social and Governance.Pasquale Lambardi  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Relatech commented as follows:""It is a great honor for me to receive this award on behalf of the company I represent. I thank the Industria Felix Scientific Committee for choosing us among many other deserving companies in the Lombardy region and for having recognized Relatech as a solid and reliable reality. I want to dedicate this award to the whole Relatech team  the constant dedication and commitment of all the collaborators has allowed us to reach this important milestone. Our goal has always been to build and maintain the trust of our customers  suppliers  investors and all the stakeholders of our Ecosystem and we are proud to have received this award which testifies to our daily commitment to transparency  ethics and social responsibility.""Research by Industria Felix has shown that in the post-Covid year Lombardy increased the revenues of joint-stock companies with registered offices in the region by 26.3% with turnover above one million and produced around 1 200 billion euros. The three provinces that are positioned on the podium for the best revenue growth in terms of percentage are those of Brescia with 38.9% for 115 billion euros  Mantua with 34.5% for 38 billion and Lecco with 29.1 % for 18 billion. Bergamo ranks immediately after with 28.6% for 84 billion  Lodi with 26.2% for 6 billion  Cremona with 25.3% for 16 billion  Milan with 24.7% drives the region in absolute values for 781 billion  Varese with 23.7% for 34 billion  Monza and Brianza with 21.4% for 61 billion  Como with 21.3% for 23 billion  Sondrio with 20.4% for 5 billion and finally Pavia with 19.2% for 12 billion.For more information  see the website www.industriafelix.itThis press release is online at www.relatech.com(Investor Relations/Press Release section)***Relatech (ticker RLT ISINIT0005433740)  Digital Enabler Solution Know-how (DESK) Company  listed on Euronext Growth Milan since June 2019  is present on the market with innovative solutions dedicated to the digital transformation of companies. Relatech is an innovative SME focused on customers looking for the most innovative solutions  becoming a strategic partner for digitization and ICT services. Relatech constantly invests in Open innovation with an extensive R&D activity carried out internally and numerous partnerships with the main Italian Universities and research centers. Thanks to its digital platform and cloud based RePlatform  it provides services and develops innovative digital solutions in frontier technologies of Digital Enabler  such as Cloud  Cybersecurity  Blockchain  Big Data  Machine Learning  Artificial Intelligence  Internet of Things.ContactsISSUERRelatech S.p.A. - Investor RelationsMichele Santoro | investor@relatech.com| T: +39 02 2404909 | Via Ercole Marelli  165 - 20099 Sesto San Giovanni (MI)EGA & SPECIALISTBPER Banca S.p.A. | relatech@bper.it| T: +39 02 7274 9229 | Via Gaetano Negri  10 - 20123 MilanINVESTOR & MEDIA RELATIONS ADVISORIR Top Consulting | ir@irtop.com| T: + 39 02 4547 3883/4 | Via Bigli  19 - 20121 Milano",neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['prestigious award', 'Industria Felix', 'competitive Lombardy', 'financial reliability', 'Relatech', 'performance', 'extensive R&D activity', 'Digital Enabler Solution Know-how', 'many other deserving companies', 'High Financial Statement Honor', 'Relatech S.p.A.', 'Industria Felix Scientific Committee', 'Investor Relations/Press Release section', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'BPER Banca S.', 'best revenue growth', 'Il Sole 24 Ore', 'Cerved Group Score', 'Giorgio Squinzi"" Auditorium', 'ESG non-financial report', 'main Italian Universities', 'Sesto San Giovanni', 'IR Top Consulting', 'Via Ercole Marelli', 'Via Gaetano Negri', 'financial expense/EBIT ratio', 'MEDIA RELATIONS ADVISOR', 'Industria Felix Magazine', 'best innovative SMEs', 'innovative digital solutions', 'Relatech 2021 Sustainability Report', 'best management performance', 'great honor', 'digital transformation', 'digital platform', 'best EBITDA', 'innovative solutions', 'Via Bigli', '46th Felix', 'financial security', 'financial balance', 'financial reliability', 'Sustainability issues', 'Michele Montemurro', 'binding algorithm', 'journalistic survey', 'positive ROE', 'careful analysis', '46th edition', 'voluntary basis', 'Pasquale Lambardi', 'reliable reality', 'constant dedication', 'important milestone', '1,200 billion euros', 'three provinces', '115 billion euros', 'absolute values', 'strategic partner', 'Open innovation', 'numerous partnerships', 'frontier technologies', 'Big Data', 'Machine Learning', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'Michele Santoro', 'joint-stock companies', 'Relatech team', 'previous year', 'important commitment', 'daily commitment', 'post-Covid year', 'social responsibility', 'registered offices', 'ICT services', 'research centers', 'DESK) Company', 'Lombardy region', '20123 Milan', '54 companies', 'economics', 'supplement', 'total', '700,000 capitals', 'Italy', 'profit', 'less', 'delta', 'employees', 'solvency', 'title', 'Ticker', 'RLT', '3 March', 'place', 'Assolombarda', 'award', 'link', 'recognition', 'Environment', 'Governance', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'behalf', 'solid', 'collaborators', 'goal', 'trust', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'investors', 'stakeholders', 'Ecosystem', 'transparency', 'ethics', 'revenues', 'turnover', 'podium', 'terms', 'percentage', 'Brescia', 'Mantua', 'Lecco', 'Bergamo', 'Lodi', 'Cremona', 'Varese', 'Monza', 'Brianza', 'Como', 'Sondrio', 'Pavia', 'information', 'website', 'industriafelix', 'June', 'digitization', 'cloud', 'RePlatform', 'Cybersecurity', 'Blockchain', 'Internet', 'Things', 'Contacts', 'ISSUER', 'EGA', 'SPECIALIST', 'Milano', '28.', '26.', '23.', '21.', '19.']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2621463/0/en/S-P-Global-Upgrades-Vallourec-s-Long-Term-Issuer-Credit-Rating-to-BB-with-Positive-Outlook.html,S&P Global Upgrades Vallourec’s Long Term Issuer Credit Rating to 'BB-' with Positive Outlook,S&P Global Upgrades Vallourec’s Long Term Issuer Credit Rating to 'BB-' with Positive Outlook      Meudon (France)  6 March 2023 – S&P...,English FrenchS&P Global Upgrades Vallourec’s Long Term Issuer Credit Rating to 'BB-' with Positive OutlookMeudon (France)  6 March 2023 – S&P Global has upgraded Vallourec’s long-term issuer credit rating to 'BB-' from ‘B+’ with a positive outlook.S&P Global affirmed the 'BB-' issue rating on its senior unsecured notes as well as the 'B' rating on its commercial paper program.S&P Global’s positive outlook reflects its expectation of higher EBITDA in 2023 vs. 2022 and a reduction in net debt in the coming years  in line with Vallourec’s latest published financial objectives of:An improvement in EBITDA in 2023 year-over-year  driven by both the Tubes business and Mine and Forest businessAn objective of being Free Cash Flow positive for the Full Year 2023  despite CAPEX of around 220 million euros and the expected one-time New Vallourec restructuring cash outflows of about 350 million euros ( a ) 7Further Net Debt reduction in 2023 (b)Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer declared:“We are delighted with this latest credit rating upgrade which further vindicates the success of our New Vallourec strategic plan. In particular we made strong progress in net debt reduction in the fourth quarter of 2022  and this will continue in the next two years  on the way towards an objective zero net debt at the latest end of FY 2025”.On February 3  2021 Vallourec communicated a net leverage objective of 2.5x by FY 2022  and 1.2x by FY 2025 (c). At the end of FY 2022 net leverage actually stood at 1.6x.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.Financial CalendarMay 17th 2023May 25th 2023September 12th 2023 First Quarter 2023 resultsOrdinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ MeetingCapital Markets Day in LondonFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsInvestor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.coma Free Cash Flow defined as EBITDA adjusted for changes in provisions  less Interest and Tax Payments  changes in Working Capital  less Capex  and less Restructuring/Other Cash Outflowsb Change in Net Debt defined as Free Cash Flow less Asset Disposals/Otherc Net Leverage is defined as: Net debt at end of period / last 12 months EBITDAAttachment,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Long Term Issuer Credit Rating', 'S&P Global Upgrades', 'Positive Outlook', 'Vallourec', 'BB', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting Capital Markets Day', 'one-time New Vallourec restructuring cash outflows', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'Long Term Issuer Credit Rating', 'long-term issuer credit rating', 'new generation power plants', 'less Restructuring/Other Cash Outflows', 'latest credit rating upgrade', 'last 12 months EBITDA Attachment', 'New Vallourec strategic plan', 'S&P Global Upgrades', 'Further Net Debt reduction', 'objective zero net debt', 'commercial paper program', 'new technological frontiers', 'Free Cash Flow', ""BB-' issue rating"", 'senior unsecured notes', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'First Quarter 2023 results', 'net leverage objective', 'next two years', 'FY 2022 net leverage', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'energy markets', 'Individual shareholders', 'Working Capital', ""B' rating"", 'less Interest', 'coming years', 'fourth quarter', 'Next 150 indices', 'less Capex', 'English French', 'Positive Outlook', 'higher EBITDA', 'financial objectives', 'Forest business', 'Full Year', '220 million euros', '350 million euros', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'strong progress', 'world leader', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'cutting edge', 'R&D', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'United States', 'Financial Calendar', 'Tax Payments', 'Asset Disposals', 'latest end', 'Press relations', 'Tubes business', 'Ticker VK', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Investor relations', 'Meudon', 'France', 'B+', 'expectation', 'line', 'improvement', 'Mine', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'success', 'way', 'February', '2.5x', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'customers', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'September', 'London', 'information', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'changes', 'provisions', 'period', '33']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/Ferrari-N-v-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-43170100/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Maranello   March 6  2023 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximatel…,Maranello (Italy)  March 6  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 27/02/2023 4 500 246.4170 1 108 876.50 - - - - 4 500 246.4170 1 108 876.50 28/02/2023 4 530 244.5515 1 107 818.30 3 203 261.0709 836 210.09 787 465.95 7 733 245.0904 1 895 284.25 01/03/2023 4 450 248.6869 1 106 656.71 - - - - 4 450 248.6869 1 106 656.71 02/03/2023 4 475 247.4585 1 107 376.79 - - - - 4 475 247.4585 1 107 376.79 03/03/2023 4 350 254.4615 1 106 907.53 - - - - 4 350 254.4615 1 106 907.53 22 305 248.2688 5 537 635.81 3 203 261.0709 836 210.09 787 465.95 25 508 247.9654 6 325 101.76 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till March 3  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 73 632 884.97 for No. 329 828 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 12 091 580.73 (Euro 11 395 509.91*) for No. 52 750 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of March 3  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 210 207 common shares equal to 4.75% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until March 3  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 156 315 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 235 754 074.59.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'additional common shares', 'No. 52,750 common shares', 'share capital', '828 common shares', '210,207 common shares', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'March', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '1,156']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-ANCORA-SA-53036/news/Update-on-share-repurchase-program-KBC-Ancora-until-03-March-2023-43172007/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 March 2023,(marketscreener.com) Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 March 2023 Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 March 2023 As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announc…,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 March 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 March 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 33 500 shares in the period from 27 February 2023 to 03 March 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 27 February 2023 6 000 48.38 47.96 48.64 290 281.80 Tue 28 February 2023 8 500 48.80 48.00 49.16 414 771.95 Wed 1 March 2023 8 500 48.92 48.80 49.20 415 824.25 Thu 2 March 2023 7 500 48.55 48.30 48.76 364 143.00 Fri 3 March 2023 3 000 49.03 48.74 49.20 147 100.80 TOTAL(period concerned) 33 500 48.72 47.96 49.20 1 632 121.80 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 236 787 38.38 31.68 49.86 47 464 589.67All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 236 787 of its own shares  or 1.58% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 38.38 euros per share and for a total amount of 47 464 590 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 94.93% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'Update', 'KBC', '03 March', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '06 March', 'Update', '03 March', 'part', '20 May', '33,500 shares', 'period', '27 February', 'question', 'Mon', '28 February', 'Wed', '1 March', '2 March', 'start', '10 June', '38.38 euros', '47,464,590 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301763669.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 6 March 2023  delivered 570 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €97.53). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 145 372. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0003%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.17,0.64,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '570 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '6 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,prnewswire.co.uk
19952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-444831/news/S-P-Global-Upgrades-Vallourec-s-Long-Term-Issuer-Credit-Rating-to-BB-with-Positive-Outlook-43172612/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,S&P Global Upgrades Vallourec's Long Term Issuer Credit Rating to 'BB-' with Positive Outlook,(marketscreener.com)   S&P Global Upgrades Vallourec’s Long Term Issuer Credit Rating to 'BB-' with Positive Outlook Meudon   6 March 2023 – S&P Global has upgraded Vallourec’s long-term issuer credit rating to 'BB-' from ‘B+’ with a positive outlook. S&P Glo…,S&P Global Upgrades Vallourec’s Long Term Issuer Credit Rating to 'BB-' with Positive OutlookMeudon (France)  6 March 2023 – S&P Global has upgraded Vallourec’s long-term issuer credit rating to 'BB-' from ‘B+’ with a positive outlook.S&P Global affirmed the 'BB-' issue rating on its senior unsecured notes as well as the 'B' rating on its commercial paper program.S&P Global’s positive outlook reflects its expectation of higher EBITDA in 2023 vs. 2022 and a reduction in net debt in the coming years  in line with Vallourec’s latest published financial objectives of:An improvement in EBITDA in 2023 year-over-year  driven by both the Tubes business and Mine and Forest businessAn objective of being Free Cash Flow positive for the Full Year 2023  despite CAPEX of around 220 million euros and the expected one-time New Vallourec restructuring cash outflows of about 350 million euros ( a ) 7Further Net Debt reduction in 2023 (b)Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer declared:“We are delighted with this latest credit rating upgrade which further vindicates the success of our New Vallourec strategic plan. In particular we made strong progress in net debt reduction in the fourth quarter of 2022  and this will continue in the next two years  on the way towards an objective zero net debt at the latest end of FY 2025”.On February 3  2021 Vallourec communicated a net leverage objective of 2.5x by FY 2022  and 1.2x by FY 2025 (c). At the end of FY 2022 net leverage actually stood at 1.6x.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.Financial CalendarMay 17th 2023May 25th 2023September 12th 2023 First Quarter 2023 resultsOrdinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ MeetingCapital Markets Day in LondonFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsInvestor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.coma Free Cash Flow defined as EBITDA adjusted for changes in provisions  less Interest and Tax Payments  changes in Working Capital  less Capex  and less Restructuring/Other Cash Outflowsb Change in Net Debt defined as Free Cash Flow less Asset Disposals/Otherc Net Leverage is defined as: Net debt at end of period / last 12 months EBITDAAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.18,0.18,True,English,"['Long Term Issuer Credit Rating', 'S&P Global Upgrades', 'Positive Outlook', 'Vallourec', 'BB', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting Capital Markets Day', 'one-time New Vallourec restructuring cash outflows', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'Long Term Issuer Credit Rating', 'long-term issuer credit rating', 'new generation power plants', 'cutting edge R&D', 'less Restructuring/Other Cash Outflows', 'latest credit rating upgrade', 'last 12 months EBITDA Attachment', 'New Vallourec strategic plan', 'S&P Global Upgrades', 'Further Net Debt reduction', 'objective zero net debt', 'commercial paper program', 'new technological frontiers', 'Free Cash Flow', ""BB-' issue rating"", 'senior unsecured notes', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'First Quarter 2023 results', 'net leverage objective', 'next two years', 'FY 2022 net leverage', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'energy markets', 'Individual shareholders', 'Working Capital', ""B' rating"", 'less Interest', 'coming years', 'fourth quarter', 'Next 150 indices', 'less Capex', 'Positive Outlook', 'higher EBITDA', 'financial objectives', 'Forest business', 'Full Year', '220 million euros', '350 million euros', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'strong progress', 'world leader', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'United States', 'Financial Calendar', 'Tax Payments', 'Asset Disposals', 'latest end', 'Press relations', 'Tubes business', 'Ticker VK', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Investor relations', 'Meudon', 'France', 'B+', 'expectation', 'line', 'improvement', 'Mine', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'success', 'way', 'February', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'September', 'London', 'information', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'changes', 'provisions', 'period']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-324CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-February-27-March-3-2023-43170497/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Piquadro S p A : 324CS Piquadro buy back purchase week February 27 March 3 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   March 6  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the pe…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  March 6  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from February 27th to March 3rd  2023  it purchased no. 12 228 treasury shares for a total consideration of 21 890.90 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 02/27/2023 3 000 1.7941 5 382.30 02/28/2023 3 470 1.7800 6 176.60 03/01/2023 1 991 1.7916 3 567.08 03/02/2023 267 1.7924 478.57 03/03/2023 3 500 1.7961 6 286.35 Total 12 228 1.7902 21 890.90Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of March 3rd  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 850 129 treasury shares  equal to 3.7003% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 176 mono-brand stores including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 82 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 21 abroad  of which 75 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2021/2022 ended on March 31  2022  is € 149 4 million. Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '324CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'February', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', 'Piquadro product', '12,228 treasury shares', '1,850,129 treasury shares', 'total consideration', '82 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'BACK PLAN', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '176 mono-brand stores', '33 franchised stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'March', 'reference', 'period', 'February', '21,890.90 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'bis', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '75 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'October', '3.']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TF1-4714/news/TF1-PIERRE-ALAIN-GERARD-APPOINTED-EXECUTIVE-VICE-PRESIDENT-FINANCE-STRATEGY-PROCUREMENT-AT-TF1-43172588/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,TF1 : PIERRE- ALAIN GÉRARD APPOINTED EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE  STRATEGY & PROCUREMENT AT TF1 GROUP,(marketscreener.com)   [06.03.23] PRESS RELEASE   PIERRE-ALAIN GÉRARD APPOINTED EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE  STRATEGY AND PROCUREMENT AT TF1 GROUP   With effect from March 6th 2023  Pierre-Alain Gérard has been appointed to succeed Philippe Dener…,"Rodolphe Belmer  Chairman & CEO of TF1 Group  commented: ""I am delighted to welcome Pierre-Alain Gérard to our Executive Committee. His successful career in investment banking and within the Bouygues Group means that Pierre-Alain has all the expertise required to support our strategic plan. I would also like to offer my warmest thanks to Philippe Denery for his exceptional contribution to TF1 over the past fifteen years. In particular  he built up a robust finance function that has played a significant role in our operational performance and developed a well-respected responsible procurement policy to underpin our societal commitments.""our responsible procurement policy  in support of our climate pledges.financial communication to the markets and shareholders;With effect from March 6th 2023  Pierre-Alain Gérard has been appointed to succeed Philippe Denery as Executive Vice President Finance  Strategy and Procurement. He will join the TF1 Group's Executive Committee.Pierre-Alain GérardBorn in 1981  Pierre-Alain Gérard is a graduate of Ecole Centrale de Lyon and holds a Masters in Corporate Finance from EM Lyon. Pierre-Alain began his career in M&A in London  initially at Bank of America and then at Morgan Stanley.He joined Bouygues Group in 2009  and until 2019 worked in the Finance/Strategy function  first at Bouygues SA and then at Bouygues Energies & Services and finally at Bouygues Immobilier.In 2019  he was appointed Central Head of Strategy  Development and Financial Control at Bouygues. Working alongside senior management and in liaison with the business segments  he led on strategic and financial planning for Bouygues group; he was responsible for financial control at Group level  including quarterly and annual financial reporting. He also handled development projects such as Bouygues Telecom's acquisition of EIT and more recently  Bouygues SA's acquisition of Equans.In early 2023  Pierre-Alain Gérard joined TF1 Group as Executive Vice President Finance  Strategy and Procurement.About TF1 GroupTF1 Group is a major player in the production  publication and distribution of content. Our raison d'être: to positively inspire society.Our operations are split between two divisions:The Media division is home to our free-to-air channels (TF1  TMC  TFX  TF1 Séries Films  LCI)  our theme channels (Ushuaia TV  Histoire TV  TV Breizh  Série Club)  our on-demand content platforms (MYTF1  TFOU MAX and Salto)  and the TF1 PUB advertising airtime sales house. We also operate in music production and live shows with Muzeek One.The Production division  with Newen Studios  is home to more than 50 creative companies and labels in France and abroad. The division creates and distributes programmes across all genres and for all media industry players  from public-service and private-sector broadcasters to online platforms.TF1 group has operations in around 10 countries  and employed 2 810 people as of 31 December 2022. In 2022  the Group generated revenue of €2 508m (Euronext Paris  compartment A: ISIN FR0000054900).CONTACT:VP COMMUNICATION & BRANDS - Maylis CARCABAL - mcarcabal@tf1.fr - +33 (0)6 63 59 87 05Legal information: Télévision Française 1 - TF1 société anonyme with capital of €42 097 127.RCS Nanterre 326 300 159 - 1 quai du Point du Jour 92656 Boulogne-Billancourt Cedex  France.This document is certified by Wiztrust.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['ALAIN GÉRARD APPOINTED EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE', 'TF1 GROUP', 'PIERRE', 'STRATEGY', 'PROCUREMENT', 'Télévision Française', 'TF1 Séries Films', 'Executive Vice President Finance', 'Série Club', 'TF1 société', 'past fifteen years', 'Ecole Centrale de', 'MYTF1, TFOU MAX', 'airtime sales house', 'media industry players', 'Point du Jour', 'Pierre-Alain Gérard', 'The Media division', 'annual financial reporting', 'robust finance function', 'responsible procurement policy', 'demand content platforms', 'The Production division', 'Executive Committee', 'Corporate Finance', 'Finance/Strategy function', 'online platforms', 'financial communication', 'Financial Control', 'financial planning', 'TF1 PUB', 'TF1 Group', 'Rodolphe Belmer', 'investment banking', 'warmest thanks', 'Philippe Denery', 'exceptional contribution', 'significant role', 'operational performance', 'societal commitments', 'climate pledges', 'M&A', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Central Head', 'senior management', 'business segments', 'major player', 'two divisions', 'air channels', 'theme channels', 'music production', 'live shows', 'Muzeek One', 'Newen Studios', '50 creative companies', 'private-sector broadcasters', 'Euronext Paris', 'VP COMMUNICATION', 'Maylis CARCABAL', 'Legal information', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Boulogne-Billancourt Cedex', 'Group level', 'Bouygues SA', 'Bouygues Energies', 'Bouygues Immobilier', 'Bouygues Telecom', 'Bouygues Group', 'Ushuaia TV', 'TV Breizh', 'successful career', 'strategic plan', 'EM Lyon', 'development projects', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'expertise', 'support', 'markets', 'shareholders', 'effect', 'March', 'graduate', 'Masters', 'London', 'America', 'Services', 'liaison', 'quarterly', 'acquisition', 'EIT', 'Equans', 'early', 'publication', 'distribution', 'raison', 'society', 'operations', 'TMC', 'TFX', 'LCI', 'Salto', 'labels', 'France', 'programmes', 'genres', 'public-service', '10 countries', '2,810 people', '31 December', 'revenue', 'compartment', 'ISIN', 'CONTACT', 'BRANDS', 'mcarcabal', 'capital', '1 quai', 'document', 'Wiztrust']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARNEXT-SA-29750723/news/Pharnext-Sa-Pharnext-supports-and-participates-in-the-27th-edition-of-the-Francophone-Peripher-43167170/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Pharnext Sa :  Pharnext supports and participates in the 27th edition of the Francophone Peripheral Nerve Society conference (SFNP) in Paris,(marketscreener.com)  PARIS  France  March 6th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SCA   an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces its supp…,"PARIS  France  March 6th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SCA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the “Company”)  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces its support for the organization of and participation in the 27th edition of the Francophone Peripheral Nerve Society conference (SFNP) in Paris  France  on March 10-11  2023.This medical education meeting is intended for hospital and office neurologists who treat patients with peripheral nerve system and muscle diseases including Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a disease in which Pharnext's lead candidate  PXT3003  is in pivotal Phase III clinical development. This event will provide a transversal approach of the diseases  combining practical clinical updates with the latest scientific information on neuromuscular diseases.In order to strengthen its ties with the medical community involved in the treatment of neuromuscular diseases such as CMT1A in France  Pharnext has decided to support and participate in the 27th SFNP Conference in Paris. Pharnext's team will be hosting a booth throughout the meeting.The SFNP conference will be held at the Salons de l'Aveyron  17 Rue de l'Aubrac  in Paris 12  France. More information on this medical education event is available at www.journees-sfnp.frAbout PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases currently without satisfactory therapeutic solutions. Pharnext has a first-in-class drug candidate  PXT3003  in development for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a rare  debilitating  inherited peripheral neuropathy. PXT3003 benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. In 2018  PXT3003 completed a Phase III clinical trial  the PLEO-CMT trial  with encouraging topline results. This trial was followed by an open-label extension study  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  with 120 patients continuing treatment with PXT3003. Long-term data suggest a sustained benefit  safety  and efficacy  after 5 years of total trial time. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing with 387 CMT1A patients enrolled. PREMIER topline results are expected in Q4 2023. PXT3003 originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400BV89).ContactsPress Relations (International)Consilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane ElliottSukaina VirjiAlexandra Harrisonpharnext@consilium-comms.com Financial Press RelationsACTUS finance & communicationDeborah Schwartzdschwartz@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 35 Investor RelationsACTUS finance & communicationJérôme Fabreguettes Leibpharnext@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 78This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mphtlZeaYZyZmnJuY5hlb2FqZmljlGCaaWecyJJrY8eYcG5jymphm8adZnBpnG1p- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78783-2023.03.06_sfnp_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.1,0.61,True,English,"['Francophone Peripheral Nerve Society conference', '27th edition', 'Pharnext Sa', 'SFNP', 'Paris', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes Leib', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pivotal Phase III clinical development', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'Francophone Peripheral Nerve Society conference', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'high unmet medical need', 'peripheral nerve system', 'practical clinical updates', 'open-label extension study', 'satisfactory therapeutic solutions', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'original press release', 'The SFNP conference', 'Contacts Press Relations', 'other risk factors', 'next press releases', 'total trial time', '27th SFNP Conference', 'medical education meeting', 'latest scientific information', 'medical education event', 'class drug candidate', 'Financial Press Relations', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'PREMIER topline results', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'peripheral neuropathy', 'transversal approach', 'medical community', 'other releases', 'PREMIER trial', 'Investor Relations', '27th edition', 'lead candidate', 'drug status', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial', 'novel therapeutics', 'office neurologists', 'More information', 'novel therapies', 'United States', 'Long-term data', 'sustained benefit', 'financial reports', 'ISIN code', 'Mary-Jane Elliott', 'Sukaina Virji', 'Alexandra Harrison', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'Regulated information', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'muscle diseases', 'neuromuscular diseases', 'ACTUS finance', 'PXT3003 benefits', 'Pharnext SCA', '387 CMT1A patients', '120 patients', 'PARIS', 'France', 'March', 'ALPHA', 'support', 'organization', 'participation', 'hospital', 'order', 'ties', 'treatment', 'team', 'booth', 'Salons', 'Aveyron', '17 Rue', 'journees', 'Europe', 'encouraging', 'safety', 'efficacy', '5 years', 'Q4', 'attention', 'investors', 'dschwartz', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '08:30']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2621033/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Feb 27  2023 to Mar 03  2023...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Feb 27  2023 to Mar 03  2023AMSTERDAM – March 6  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: “STM”) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Feb 27  2023 to Mar 03  2023 (the “Period”)  of 142 787 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 45.0676 and for an overall price of EUR 6 435 060.65.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 27-Feb-23 28 432 45.4966 1 293 559.33 XPAR 28-Feb-23 28 347 45.4467 1 288 277.60 XPAR 1-Mar-23 27 907 45.9641 1 282 720.14 XPAR 2-Mar-23 29 670 43.2546 1 283 363.98 XPAR 3-Mar-23 28 431 45.2724 1 287 139.60 XPAR Total for Period 142 787 45.0676 6 435 060.65Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 8 808 495 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.0% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are more than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.34,0.65,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '142,787 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '8,808,495 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Feb', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'number', 'Ticker', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.bangkokpost.com/business/2521986/morningstar-unit-lists-top-global-funds,Morningstar unit lists top global funds,Morningstar Research (Thailand)  a unit of the American financial services company  recently revealed the top five global equity funds in terms of returns for the past three years and year-to-date  with most focusing on investing in mega trend themes.,Morningstar Research (Thailand)  a unit of the American financial services company  recently revealed the top five global equity funds in terms of returns for the past three years and year-to-date  with most focusing on investing in mega trend themes.The top five equity foreign investment funds in Thailand over the past three years were SCB Platinum Global Open End Fund (SCBPGF)  K Positive Change Equity Fund-A (A) (K-CHANGE-A [A])  Phillip World Innovation (PWIN)  TMB World Equity Index (TMBWDEQ)  and K Global High Impact Thematic Equity Fund (K-HIT-A [A]).SCBPGF has a policy to invest in foreign mutual funds  namely DWS Invest CROCI Sectors Plus FCH (P) which is domiciled in Luxembourg. The sectors eligible for selection are consumer discretionary  consumer staples  healthcare  information technology  industrials  materials  telecom services  utilities and energy.K-CHANGE-A (A) mainly invests in Baillie Gifford Positive Change Fund -- Class B accumulation (GBP) as a master fund. Its investment policy is investing in the shares of companies globally whose products or behaviour make a positive impact  including companies addressing critical challenges in areas such as education  social inclusion  healthcare and the environment.PWIN is a mutual fund that invests in foreign investment units  and/or foreign exchange traded funds (ETFs) that mainly invest in equities related to technology and innovation business groups. The fund has diversified its investments under five themes  namely mega trends  e-sports video games  cybersecurity internet  industrial innovations and biotechnology.TMBWDEQ focuses on investing in units of foreign mutual funds with a goal of generating returns that are as close as possible to the return on investment in the MSCI World Index. The fund is listed on the EN Paris (Euronext) stock exchange.K-HIT-A (A) focuses on investment units of the Allianz Global Investors Fund -- Allianz Thematica Share Class P (EUR)  a master fund that has a policy to invest in global stocks with a diversified investment portfolio.For this year to date  K-HIT-A (A) was the highest yielding foreign fund as of Feb 21  thanks to its investment focus on mega trends  digital healthcare and technology.According to Morningstar  at the end of 2022  Chinese stocks were in the spotlight as investors viewed Beijing's relaxation of China's domestic Covid-19 measures as a positive factor. The news attracted investment into Chinese equity mutual funds of almost 6 billion baht in the fourth quarter of last year.Meanwhile  the Vietnamese stock market faced several negative factors last year. Therefore  funds based there posted the most negative returns of 32.9% for the year.,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['top global funds', 'Morningstar unit', 'K Global High Impact Thematic Equity Fund', 'SCB Platinum Global Open End Fund', 'top five equity foreign investment funds', 'top five global equity funds', 'Allianz Thematica Share Class P', 'K Positive Change Equity Fund', 'Baillie Gifford Positive Change Fund', 'TMB World Equity Index', 'highest yielding foreign fund', 'Allianz Global Investors Fund', 'foreign exchange traded funds', 'American financial services company', 'Chinese equity mutual funds', 'DWS Invest CROCI Sectors', 'foreign mutual funds', 'Class B accumulation', 'MSCI World Index', 'Euronext) stock exchange', 'Phillip World Innovation', 'past three years', 'innovation business groups', 'sports video games', 'domestic Covid-19 measures', 'Vietnamese stock market', 'diversified investment portfolio', 'several negative factors', 'foreign investment units', 'positive impact', 'mega trend themes', 'five themes', 'global stocks', 'master fund', 'positive factor', 'telecom services', 'Chinese stocks', 'investment focus', 'mega trends', 'consumer discretionary', 'consumer staples', 'critical challenges', 'social inclusion', 'cybersecurity internet', 'industrial innovations', 'EN Paris', '6 billion baht', 'fourth quarter', 'investment policy', 'negative returns', 'Morningstar Research', 'information technology', 'digital healthcare', 'last year', 'Thailand', 'terms', 'SCBPGF', 'K-CHANGE-A', 'PWIN', 'TMBWDEQ', 'K-HIT-A', 'FCH', 'Luxembourg', 'selection', 'industrials', 'materials', 'utilities', 'energy', 'GBP', 'shares', 'companies', 'products', 'behaviour', 'areas', 'education', 'environment', 'ETFs', 'equities', 'investments', 'biotechnology', 'goal', 'date', 'Feb', 'spotlight', 'Beijing', 'relaxation', 'China', 'news', '2022']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,bangkokpost.com
19958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALKEMY-S-P-A-38934442/news/Alkemy-S-p-A-signs-an-agreement-with-Metrika-SGR-for-the-digital-development-of-its-industrial-inv-43172490/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Alkemy S p A : signs an agreement with Metrika SGR for the digital development of its industrial investee companies,(marketscreener.com)   ALKEMY SIGNS AN AGREEMENT WITH METRIKA SGR   FOR THE DIGITAL DEVELOPMENT OF ITS INDUSTRIAL INVESTEE COMPANIES   Milano  March 6th  2023 - Alkemy S.p.A.   announces the signing of an agreement with Metrika SGR S.p.A.   that envis…,"ALKEMY SIGNS AN AGREEMENT WITH METRIKA SGRFOR THE DIGITAL DEVELOPMENT OF ITS INDUSTRIAL INVESTEE COMPANIESMilano  March 6th  2023 - Alkemy S.p.A. (Euronext STAR Milan: ALK; ""Alkemy"")  announces the signing of an agreement with Metrika SGR S.p.A. (""Metrika"")  that envisages the involvement of Alkemy as strategic partner for the digital development of the industrial investee companies included in the portfolio of the SGR.The agreement renews Metrika's trust in Alkemy  that already supported the company for a specific operation through its Private Equity Division. This confirms how Alkemy is perceived as a quality partner both in its role of strategic and business consulting company  and in the digital services space.Thanks to this new agreement  the Industrial companies included in Metrika's portfolio  will be able to benefit of Alkemy's digitalization services with the aim of developing their full digital potential both in the front-end (engagement and conversion of clients)  and in the back-end (management and improvement of internal processes).On front-end activities  Alkemy will provide support in the analysis of the digital positioning and on the overall maturity level of industrial companies  identifying and taking advantage of the available levers and best strategies to unlock the full digital potential. For back-end activities  Alkemy will analyze all internal processes  to identify improvements in the operating and/or commercial efficiency and to unlock potential growth  leveraging on and factoring all distinctive competences and business uniqueness of each company.""We are glad that a player like Metrika chose to renew its trust in Alkemy  allowing us to extend our cooperation "" commented Duccio Vitali  CEO of Alkemy. ""Having the chance to support companies included in Metrika's portfolio means to actively contribute to their growth through a deep dive analysis  improving processes and market approach using all digital levers. Digitalizing their business will allow us to create value in long run both for the single Investee Company  and for the Fund's shareholders.""""Metrika is highly focused on taking forward the sustainability topics and in general the improvement and measurability of all the ESG aspects within the current and prospect Industrial Companies in its portfolio. We believe that also unlocking their full digital potential is to be considered more and more a critical element of success. This is the reason why we believe it is important for us to be able to count on the support of a player like Alkemy "" commented Marco Giuseppini  CEO of Metrika.""We already witnessed how companies included in Metrika's portfolio  also the Industrial ones  are able to grow double-digit both in terms of Turnover and profitability  when leveraging on digital opportunities to improve their competitive positioning  both in Italy and abroad "" added Nicola Pietralunga  Managing Partner of Metrika.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.18,0.05,True,English,"['industrial investee companies', 'Alkemy S', 'Metrika SGR', 'digital development', 'agreement', 'Metrika SGR S.p.A.', 'Alkemy S.p.A.', 'INDUSTRIAL INVESTEE COMPANIES Milano', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'Private Equity Division', 'overall maturity level', 'single Investee Company', 'full digital potential', 'deep dive analysis', 'digital services space', 'prospect Industrial Companies', 'business consulting company', 'digitalization services', 'DIGITAL DEVELOPMENT', 'digital positioning', 'digital levers', 'digital opportunities', 'potential growth', 'specific operation', 'quality partner', 'available levers', 'best strategies', 'commercial efficiency', 'distinctive competences', 'business uniqueness', 'Duccio Vitali', 'market approach', 'long run', 'sustainability topics', 'ESG aspects', 'Marco Giuseppini', 'competitive positioning', 'Nicola Pietralunga', 'Managing Partner', 'internal processes', 'strategic partner', 'front-end activities', 'back-end activities', 'ALKEMY SIGNS', 'new agreement', 'THE', 'ITS', 'March', 'signing', 'involvement', 'portfolio', 'trust', 'role', 'aim', 'engagement', 'conversion', 'clients', 'management', 'improvement', 'support', 'advantage', 'operating', 'player', 'cooperation', 'CEO', 'chance', 'value', 'Fund', 'shareholders', 'general', 'measurability', 'current', 'element', 'success', 'reason', 'double-digit', 'terms', 'Turnover', 'profitability', 'Italy']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2620670/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3421 £ 24.1085 Estimated MTD return 0.27 % 0.28 % Estimated YTD return -1.54 % -1.30 % Estimated ITD return 173.42 % 141.08 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.81 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.19 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 240.0486 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.7012The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'A Shares', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYXOAH-SA-112544313/news/Nyxoah-Announces-Achievement-of-Key-Clinical-and-Regulatory-Milestones-43166743/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Nyxoah Announces Achievement of Key Clinical and Regulatory Milestones,(marketscreener.com) INSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATION Nyxoah Announces Achievement of Key Clinical and Regulatory MilestonesAll 115 patients implanted in DREAM U.S. pivotal studyFirst DREAM PMA module submittedFirst patient implanted in ACCCESS U.S. pi…,INSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Announces Achievement of Key Clinical and Regulatory MilestonesAll 115 patients implanted in DREAM U.S. pivotal studyFirst DREAM PMA module submittedFirst patient implanted in ACCCESS U.S. pivotal studyMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 6  2023  7:30am CET / 1:30am ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company has completed all 115 implants in its DREAM U.S. pivotal study  submitted the first module in the modular PMA submission and implanted the first patient in the ACCCESS U.S. pivotal study.The DREAM study is a pivotal  investigational device exemption (IDE) trial designed to support the marketing authorization of the Genio® hypoglossal nerve stimulation system (HGNS) in the United States. This multicenter  prospective  open-label  observational study enrolled 115 patients and has co-primary efficacy endpoints of the Apnea-Hypopnea Index (AHI) responder rate  per the Sher criteria  and the Oxygen Desaturation Index (ODI) responder rate  both at 12 months.In the ACCCESS trial  Nyxoah will implant 106 complete concentric collapse (CCC) patients with co-primary efficacy endpoints of Apnea-Hypopnea Index (AHI) responder rate  per the Sher criteria  and Oxygen Desaturation Index (ODI) responder rate  both assessed at 12 months post-implant.“The achievement of these key clinical and regulatory milestones brings us closer to offering our patient centric Genio solution to all OSA patients in the U.S. The DREAM and ACCCESS studies demonstrate Nyxoah’s mission of providing Genio to patients regardless of CCC status and without the requirement for a CCC diagnosis ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; future financial performance and market position; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 24  2022  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:David DeMartinoChief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.18,0.52,True,English,"['Key Clinical', 'Regulatory Milestones', 'Nyxoah', 'Achievement', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal study', 'ACCCESS U.S. pivotal study', 'Genio® hypoglossal nerve stimulation system', '106 complete concentric collapse (CCC) patients', 'U.S. federal law', 'prospective, open-label, observational study', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'pivotal, investigational device exemption', 'First DREAM PMA module', 'patient centric Genio solution', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'The DREAM study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'modular PMA submission', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'AHI) responder rate', 'ODI) responder rate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'European CE Mark', 'BLAST OSA study', 'CE mark approval', 'Oxygen Desaturation Index', 'increased mortality risk', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'US commercialization approval', 'medical technology company', 'future financial performance', 'ACCCESS studies', 'financial condition', 'first module', 'ACCCESS trial', 'CCC status', 'CCC diagnosis', 'First patient', 'IDE) trial', 'lead solution', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Genio® system', 'investigational use', 'Apnea-Hypopnea Index', 'financial effects', 'Key Clinical', 'clinical data', 'FDA approval', 'Regulatory Milestones', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'marketing authorization', 'United States', 'Sher criteria', 'Olivier Taelman', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'successful completion', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'market position', 'potential advantages', 'regulatory pathway', 'potential use', 'Risk Factors', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent reports', 'OSA patients', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future performance', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '7:30am CET', 'other factors', 'past trends', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'Nyxoah SA', '115 patients', '1:30am', 'Achievement', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', 'NYXH', 'development', '115 implants', 'HGNS', '12 months', 'requirement', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'expansion', 'Caution', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'goals', 'respect', 'utility', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'section', 'year', 'Securities', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pokerstars-and-oracle-red-bull-racing-drive-global-partnership-into-its-second-year-301763190.html,POKERSTARS AND ORACLE RED BULL RACING DRIVE GLOBAL PARTNERSHIP INTO ITS SECOND YEAR,The partnership will take fans closer to F1 than ever before through behind-the-scenes content and epic experiences throughout the 2023 Formula One season ONCHAN  Isle of Man  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the start of the 2023 Formula One season in…,"The partnership will take fans closer to F1 than ever before through behind-the-scenes content and epic experiences throughout the 2023 Formula One seasonONCHAN  Isle of Man  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the start of the 2023 Formula One season in Bahrain this weekend  PokerStars and Oracle Red Bull Racing have announced their partnership will continue for the second year running.PokerStars will be returning to the racetrack with even more rewards for F1 fans  sharing promotions  competitions  and content with chances to win unforgettable experiences at some of the season's most hotly anticipated races.PokerStars and Oracle Red Bull Racing drive global partnership into its second yearF1 fans can stay tuned to PokerStars YouTube channel for never-before-seen footage that will take them behind the scenes at pivotal races as the season warms up.During the season  the coveted PokerStars Red Spade Pass will return for the second year – offering PokerStars players ultimate  money-can't-buy experiences to make F1 fan's dreams come true.PokerStars will also be helping fans 'Embrace the Race'; with a programme of race weekend rewards including a new Chicane Cash Drop  Spin & Go Races  Odds Boost on Sports bets and a Casino Weekend Races Leader board.The partnership will come to life across PokerStars' full offering of PokerStars Casino  PokerStars and PokerStars Sports products. Branding from the leading global online gambling and entertainment brand will feature on the halo of the RB19 as well as the inner cockpit and rear wing end plate  drivers race suits and pit crew helmets.Oracle Red Bull Racing Team Principal and CEO  Christian Horner  said: ""Partnering with PokerStars has been an ace move for the Team. Their commitment to entertainment and innovation is a winning formula that perfectly aligns with our own values in Formula One. As we enter another year together  we're raising the stakes and taking our collective game to the next level. While we can't reveal too much just yet  I can tell you that there are some truly exciting projects in the works  and we look forward to unveiling our plans in the coming months.""Flutter's Director of Partnerships  PR  and Consumer Engagement Rebecca McAdam Willetts  said: ""After an incredible first year racing alongside Oracle Red Bull we are delighted to be going into the 2023 season with even more rewards  content and epic experiences in the pipeline to take our partnership to the next level. This partnership has enabled both us and Oracle Red Bull Racing to reach audiences who share similar passions and interests  and we still firmly believe that the team is the perfect fit for PokerStars.net  sharing our conviction that it is not just about what you offer fans  but the ethos and vision behind it.""PokerStars prides itself on providing its community around the world with best-in-class entertainment with poker  casino  and sports betting whilst always ensuring safe and responsible play  values it shares with Oracle Red Bull Racing.For more information and to find out more about the PokerStars community  fans can visit PokerStars blog.Note to editors:For more information  please contact pokerstars@grayling.comAbout PokerStars:PokerStars operates the world's most popular online poker sites  serving the global poker community. Since it launched in 2001  PokerStars has become the first choice of players all over the world  with more daily tournaments than anywhere else and with the best online security. More than 200 billion hands have been dealt on PokerStars  which is more than any other site.PokerStars is ultimately owned by Flutter Entertainment plc. (LSE: FLTR; EURONEXT: FLTR).Play Responsibly! For more information on responsible gaming please visit our website at http://www.pokerstars.com/about/responsible-gaming/About Oracle Red Bull Racing:Since its inception  Oracle Red Bull Racing has been a major force in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship  the globe's premier motorsport category. Founded in 2005 to expand parent company Red Bull's presence in F1 and to disrupt the status quo within the sport through a bold mix of passion  playfulness  ambition and achievement  Oracle Red Bull Racing has grown to become one of F1's most successful teams. With multiple Constructors' and Drivers' world titles and more than 80 race wins to its credit  Oracle Red Bull Racing continues its pursuit of ultimate performance – as a race team  as a home of champions and as an innovator operating at the cutting edge of technology.Photo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2015726/PokerStars_x_ORBR.jpgLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1164298/PokerStars_Logo.jpgSOURCE PokerStars",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['ORACLE RED BULL RACING DRIVE GLOBAL PARTNERSHIP', 'SECOND YEAR', 'POKERSTARS', 'ITS', 'Oracle Red Bull Racing Team Principal', 'coveted PokerStars Red Spade Pass', 'Casino Weekend Races Leader board', 'new Chicane Cash Drop', 'rear wing end plate', 'leading global online gambling', 'popular online poker sites', 'incredible first year racing', 'FIA Formula 1 World Championship', 'best online security', 'pit crew helmets', 'Rebecca McAdam Willetts', 'premier motorsport category', 'race weekend rewards', 'global poker community', 'PokerStars YouTube channel', ""PokerStars' full offering"", '2023 Formula One season', 'Flutter Entertainment plc', ""Drivers' world titles"", 'PokerStars Sports products', 'first choice', 'winning formula', 'pivotal races', 'Go Races', 'race team', 'Sports bets', 'sports betting', 'PokerStars Casino', 'second year', 'global partnership', 'Odds Boost', 'entertainment brand', 'inner cockpit', 'race suits', 'Christian Horner', 'ace move', 'collective game', 'next level', 'exciting projects', 'coming months', 'Consumer Engagement', 'similar passions', 'perfect fit', 'class entertainment', 'responsible play', 'daily tournaments', '200 billion hands', 'other site', 'responsible gaming', 'major force', 'parent company', 'status quo', 'bold mix', 'successful teams', '80 race wins', 'cutting edge', 'epic experiences', 'unforgettable experiences', 'PokerStars.net', 'PokerStars community', 'PokerStars blog', 'SOURCE PokerStars', 'F1 fan', 'ultimate performance', 'PokerStars players', 'scenes content', '2023 season', 'fans', 'ONCHAN', 'Isle', 'PRNewswire', 'start', 'Bahrain', 'racetrack', 'promotions', 'competitions', 'chances', 'footage', 'dreams', 'programme', 'Spin', 'life', 'Branding', 'halo', 'RB19', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'values', 'stakes', 'works', 'plans', 'Director', 'Partnerships', 'pipeline', 'audiences', 'interests', 'conviction', 'ethos', 'vision', 'safe', 'information', 'Note', 'editors', 'grayling', 'More', 'LSE', 'FLTR', 'EURONEXT', 'website', 'responsible-gaming', 'inception', 'globe', 'presence', 'playfulness', 'ambition', 'achievement', 'credit', 'pursuit', 'home', 'innovator', 'technology', 'Photo', 'Logo']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,prnewswire.co.uk
19962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43166740/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3421 £ 24.1085 Estimated MTD return 0.27 % 0.28 % Estimated YTD return -1.54 % -1.30 % Estimated ITD return 173.42 % 141.08 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.81 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.19 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 240.0486 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.7012The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'A Shares', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2620672/0/en/Nyxoah-Announces-Achievement-of-Key-Clinical-and-Regulatory-Milestones.html,Nyxoah Announces Achievement of Key Clinical and Regulatory Milestones,INSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATION        Nyxoah Announces Achievement of Key Clinical and Regulatory MilestonesAll 115 patients implanted in...,English FrenchINSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Announces Achievement of Key Clinical and Regulatory MilestonesAll 115 patients implanted in DREAM U.S. pivotal studyFirst DREAM PMA module submittedFirst patient implanted in ACCCESS U.S. pivotal studyMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 6  2023  7:30am CET / 1:30am ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company has completed all 115 implants in its DREAM U.S. pivotal study  submitted the first module in the modular PMA submission and implanted the first patient in the ACCCESS U.S. pivotal study.The DREAM study is a pivotal  investigational device exemption (IDE) trial designed to support the marketing authorization of the Genio® hypoglossal nerve stimulation system (HGNS) in the United States. This multicenter  prospective  open-label  observational study enrolled 115 patients and has co-primary efficacy endpoints of the Apnea-Hypopnea Index (AHI) responder rate  per the Sher criteria  and the Oxygen Desaturation Index (ODI) responder rate  both at 12 months.In the ACCCESS trial  Nyxoah will implant 106 complete concentric collapse (CCC) patients with co-primary efficacy endpoints of Apnea-Hypopnea Index (AHI) responder rate  per the Sher criteria  and Oxygen Desaturation Index (ODI) responder rate  both assessed at 12 months post-implant.“The achievement of these key clinical and regulatory milestones brings us closer to offering our patient centric Genio solution to all OSA patients in the U.S. The DREAM and ACCCESS studies demonstrate Nyxoah’s mission of providing Genio to patients regardless of CCC status and without the requirement for a CCC diagnosis ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; future financial performance and market position; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 24  2022  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:David DeMartinoChief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.18,0.52,True,English,"['Key Clinical', 'Regulatory Milestones', 'Nyxoah', 'Achievement', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal study', 'ACCCESS U.S. pivotal study', 'Genio® hypoglossal nerve stimulation system', 'U.S. federal law', 'prospective, open-label, observational study', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'pivotal, investigational device exemption', 'First DREAM PMA module', 'patient centric Genio solution', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'The DREAM study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'modular PMA submission', 'primary efficacy endpoints', 'AHI) responder rate', 'ODI) responder rate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'European CE Mark', 'BLAST OSA study', 'CE mark approval', 'Oxygen Desaturation Index', 'increased mortality risk', '106 complete concentric collapse', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'US commercialization approval', 'medical technology company', 'future financial performance', 'ACCCESS studies', 'financial condition', 'first module', 'ACCCESS trial', 'First patient', 'IDE) trial', 'lead solution', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Genio® system', 'investigational use', 'Apnea-Hypopnea Index', 'financial effects', 'Key Clinical', 'clinical data', 'future performance', 'FDA approval', 'English French', 'Regulatory Milestones', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'marketing authorization', 'United States', 'Sher criteria', 'CCC status', 'CCC diagnosis', 'Olivier Taelman', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'successful completion', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'market position', 'potential advantages', 'regulatory pathway', 'potential use', 'Risk Factors', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent reports', 'Forward-looking statements', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CCC) patients', '7:30am CET', 'other factors', 'past trends', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'OSA patients', 'Nyxoah SA', '115 patients', '1:30am', 'Achievement', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', 'NYXH', 'development', '115 implants', 'HGNS', '12 months', 'requirement', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'expansion', 'Caution', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'goals', 'respect', 'utility', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'section', 'year', 'Securities', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIFIEDPOST-GROUP-SA-112637613/news/Unifiedpost-shows-significant-growth-in-recurring-digital-processing-achieving-threshold-of-1-milli-43166591/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Unifiedpost shows significant growth in recurring digital processing achieving threshold of 1 million of customers,(marketscreener.com) Focus on cash flow starts to become visible – positive EBITDA in H2 2022 La Hulpe  Belgium – March 6  2023  7:00 a.m. CET – [INSIDE INFORMATION] - Unifiedpost Group is pleased to announce for FY2022 a significant double-digit recurring di…,Unifiedpost shows significant growth in recurring digital processing achieving threshold of 1 million of customers 03/06/2023 | 01:01am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Focus on cash flow starts to become visible – positive EBITDA in H2 2022 La Hulpe  Belgium – March 6  2023  7:00 a.m. CET – [INSIDE INFORMATION] - Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) is pleased to announce for FY2022 a significant double-digit recurring digital processing revenue growth (19 1% y-o-y). The customer base grew by a strong 34 2% in 2022  exceeding the threshold of one million customers  2 1 million companies were YE2022 in the Unifiedpost digital network. Unifiedpost has finalised its accelerated investment phase and shifted its focus to cash flow generation and is well on the way to become cash flow positive for the period of H2 2023. Highlights Strong growth of core recurring digital processing revenue 19 1% y-o-yFY2022 Group revenue increased by 12 0% y-o-y to €190 9 millionAcceleration of customer growth in 2022 (+34 2%)  strong growth for core SME product Banqup (+251 1%)Good EBITDA improvement over the year  positive EBITDA in H2 2022  in Q4 2022 up to +€1 8 millionA positive cash flow for the full H2 2023 is the key priority for Unifiedpost Commenting on the FY2022 results  Hans Leybaert  CEO and founder  stated: “In 2022  Unifiedpost underpinned its ambitious growth path. In a year of geopolitical tensions  the war in Ukraine  the energy crisis in Europe and general price increases  our double-digit growth remained undisputed. The significant acceleration of new customer onboarding in 2022 proves the growing momentum for full digital invoicing and payments. A further acceleration is expected in the coming years as the European Commission has submitted a legislative proposal on December 8th 2022 as part of their 'VAT in the digital age' program. This is a first step towards mandatory e-invoicing for all European companies. I would like to thank all Unifiedpost employees and partners for their continued contribution to our strategic execution and for joining us in our ambitious way forward.” Key financial figures (EUR million) FY2022 FY2021 Change (%) Group revenue 190 9 170 5 +12 0%Digital processing revenue 126 9 106 9 +18 8% Recurring digital processing revenue 112 7 94 6 +19 1% Non-recurring digital revenue (licences + project) 14 2 12 3 +15 4% Postage & parcel optimisation revenue 64 0 63 6 +0 6% Recurring revenue (in % of total revenue) 92 5% 92 8% -0 3%pts Gross margin digital processing 41 9% 43 7% -1 8%pts EBITDA margin -3 4% -2 6% -0 8%pts R&D costs (expensed and capitalised) 36 2 33 1 +9 4% Loss for the period -43 5 -25 6 -69 9% Cash and cash equivalents 40 0 17 0 +135 3% Key business KPI’s (#) End Q4 2022 End Q4 2021 Change (%) Customers 1.063.776 792.594 +34 2% Paying customers 468.128 368.277 +27 1% Customers paid by 3rd parties 595.648 424.317 +40 4% Companies in business network 2.109.297 1.504.895 +40 2% Banqup customers 124.333 35.408 +251 1% Growth (new subscriptions) 18.255 16.346 - Migrated 70.582 - - Banqup customers Belgium (Billtobox) 40.363 28.864 +39 8% Banqup customers France (JeFacture) 5.428 2.072 +162 0% Double-digit growth rates in digital processing business Unifiedpost grew its revenue in FY2022 by 12 0% y-o-y to €190 9 million  driven by double-digit growth of the digital processing revenue of 18 8% combined with a limited growth in postage and parcel optimisation services. The Group saw its revenue from digital processing increasing to €126 9 million in FY2022. This was predominantly thanks to the strong growth rate of 19 1% y-o-y in recurring digital processing revenue  i.e. digital platform revenue excluding the project and licence business. The growth is spread over different countries and markets  with the Nordics  Serbia  Romania  the Baltics  and the Benelux showing accelerating growth rates. The subscription revenue growth (i.e. SME business) was high with a 35 6% growth y-o-y. The project and licence business  which is non-recurring  contributed €14 2 million to the FY2022 revenue. As indicated in the H1 2022 financial update  the non-recurring revenue is depending on the timely closing of major deals (before YE). In Q4 a large distribution deal for the French market was realised with ECMA (the French accountants federation)  which includes the creation of a joint venture between the two companies. Unifiedpost made also promising progress with several other deals  without closing them prior to YE2022. The Group expects to close these in 2023. The gross margin of the digital processing business decreased to 41 9%  a decrease of 1 8%pts y-o-y  reflecting some inflationary effects and larger customers with hybrid communication going live. Solid low single-digit growth in postage & parcel optimisation business Revenue of postage and parcel optimisation services slightly increased over the year (+0 6% y/y to €64 0 million). For existing customers  the shift from paper to digital continues and is accelerating. As a result  Unifiedpost realised lower revenue growth in the postage and parcel optimisation business. However  this was offset by two factors: Unifiedpost onboarded major new customers and increased its prices in this segment. Consequently  Unifiedpost still managed to achieve a slight growth in postage and parcel revenue over the year. It is important to underline that the postage and parcel optimisation business  which yields lower margins  is being overtaken by the digital services business  which generates higher margins and is experiencing steady double-digit growth. The postage & parcel optimisation realised a gross margin of 10 9% for FY2022  slightly down by 0 4%pts compared to FY2021  also as a consequence of inflationary effects. Unifiedpost services over 1 million companies representing 8% of all SMEs in Europe Unifiedpost was and is ambitious in its targets for new customer onboarding. At the end of the period the customer growth was 34 2% y-o-y  a third consecutive year with a growth of at least 30%. In the fourth quarter of 2022 a new high of 76.805 new customers were onboarded onto our platform  most of them SME’s. At year-end  the Group had a total of 1.063.776 paying customers  either directly paying or paid by third parties. Unifiedpost’s business network expanded in 2022 to over 2 million companies (2.109.297)  representing an estimated 8 4% of SMEs in Europe. Today Unifiedpost is the most dominant e-invoice and e-payment provider in the SME-segment. The number of Banqup (incl. Billtobox and JeFacture) customers strongly grew to 124.333  reflecting a growth rate of 251 1% y-o-y. Although France has delayed the adoption of mandatory e-invoicing  over 5.428 early adopters onboarded on the JeFacture solution. Overall average revenue per user (ARPU) in the digital processing business amounted to €27 3 in Q4 2022. This is an increase due to the strong quarter for non-recurring digital revenue. 88 8% of the total digital processing revenue resulted from recurring services. FY2022 EBITDA / result impacted by a peak in roll-out cost and inflation Both segments combined  i.e. combining the digital processing revenue and postage and parcel optimisation services  led to total revenue of €190 9 million and a gross profit of €60 2 million. Gross margin slightly decreased to 31 5% (FY 2021: 31 6%). During FY2022  the Group spent €36 2 million on research and development (R&D)  of which 61% was capitalised. The R&D spending is equivalent to 28 5% (down 2 5%pts y-o-y) of digital processing revenue. After having self-developed the platform successfully and rolling out the product  Unifiedpost has now been able to reduce its R&D spending as a percentage of total digital processing revenue. General and Administrative cost (G&A) accounted to €45 8 million  24 0% of the Group’s total revenue. The Group was able to stabilise its G&A costs in a year with increasing service and labour cost. Consequently  G&A cost ratio went up by just 0 3%pts compared to last year. Some operational costs related to the roll-out of Banqup have reached their peak during 2022 and have started to decline in absolute levels. Sales & Marketing expenses went up from €24 9 million in 2021 to €29 2 million in FY2022  or from 14 6% of total revenue to 15 3% in FY2022. The increase is caused by investments of the Group in local sales teams that are close to the business and customers. This platform and sales set-up was an important step for the Group in 2022. It was in line with the strategic approach to operate the global platform locally  with local teams and software that is adapted to local requirements and legislation. The Group reported an EBITDA loss of -€6 4 million for FY 2022. After a negative H1 2022 (H1 2022 EBITDA of -€6 5 million)  Unifiedpost released a slightly positive EBITDA in H2  in Q42022 even +€1 8 million. The positive development on the EBITDA-level proves that Unifiedpost is well on track to reach its goal delivering a positive cash flow for H2 2023. The loss from operations for the period amounted to €29 9 million. The loss for the period is €43 5 million. The loss for the period is impacted by higher financial expenses (-€9 4 million of which -€8 0 million is linked to Francisco Partners funding)  by a loss of -€1 9 million on an associate company (Facturel  joint investment with ECMA in France) and by the change in fair value of financial liabilities (-€4 3 million). The latter is linked to the settlement of the earn-out with the former Crossinx shareholders  as published on 21st October 2022 (-€4 8 million). By settling the earn-out agreement with Crossinx  Unifiedpost eliminated the risk of having to pay out an earn-out of €60 million in the future - of which €20 million in cash. The settlement of the earn-out through the repayment of 1 3 million shares worth €4 8 million is therefore fully in line with our announced focus on making our cash flow positive. Funding secured The cash flow from financing activities amounted to +€67 6 million at the end of the period. Unifiedpost’s cash and cash equivalents increased from €17 0 million at YE 2021 to €40 0 million at YE 2022. The Group also has €17 7 million of undrawn financing facilities. The increase in cash position was due to the €100 million five-year senior facilities agreement  provided by Francisco Partners  a leading global investment firm that specialises in partnering with technology-enabled businesses. The facility is structured in a term loan facility A of €75 million which has been drawn at closing and a capex facility B of €25 million which has been drawn in December 2022. Unifiedpost met all covenants checks during the year 2022. The Group’s net debt position at year end 2022 amounted to €69 4 million. Sufficient liquidity for growth path Unifiedpost’s management expects that the Group is equipped with sufficient liquidity until cash flow break-even will be reached. The Group targets to be cash flow positive by the second semester of 2023. The Group is well on the way with the cost management program and can benefit from the growth of the customer base and increasing recurring processing revenue. Increasing tailwinds in the addressable markets: EU Commission publishes law proposal to revamp EU’s VAT system With the geographical expansion in 2021  Unifiedpost unlocked the market potential in these countries in the course of 2022 driven by the rollout-out of business. The momentum and trend of digitisation as well as governments wanting to close the VAT-gap remain key in all markets. In response to sustainably growing digitisation of the economy  on 8 December 2022 the European Commission published its long-awaited proposals to revamp the EU’s VAT system. With this proposal  the EU wants to further modernise VAT reporting obligations and to address the challenges of the platform economy  by updating the VAT rules applicable. These are positive proposals in view of Unifiedpost’s business model. ESG A good corporate citizenship has always been fundamental and part of Unifiedpost’s DNA. The Company recognizes its responsibility to consider the impact of its business on the environment and society  and is committed to integrating sustainability into our business strategy. In 2022  the ESG-roadmap drawn up the year before  was further implemented and for the first time  data gathering across all entities was kicked off. Positive cash flow expected for H2 2023 [INSIDE INFORMATION] In 2023 and the years ahead Group management expects to significantly benefit from the growth in its key markets. The mandatory digital e-invoicing policies several European countries have implemented and will implement will have a positive effect on customers and revenue. With the changed economic circumstances and business conditions  the Company has decided to make the target to become cash flow positive its only target. The target remains to be cash flow positive for H2 2023. <End> The auditor  BDO Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL  has confirmed that audit of the consolidated financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 as included in this press release is substantially completed.Investors & Media webcast Management will host a live video webcast for analysts  investors and media today at 10:00 a.m. CET. A recording will be available shortly after the event. To attend  please register at https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=72838B62-440A-4AF9-938F-7725F11EA13F . Participants can also join via telephone. They can obtain their personal dial-in details by registering with this link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI0e29ae9ca20e46b2acba56c18730b31e . A full replay be available after the webcast at: https://www.unifiedpost.com/en/investor-relations Financial Calendar 2023 14 April 2023 Publication Annual Report 202216 May 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders22 May 2023 Publication Q1 2023 Business Update29 August 2023 Publication H1 2023 Financial Results16 November 2023 Publication Q3 2023 Business Update Contact Laurent Marcelis +32 477 61 81 37 laurent.marcelis@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost Group Unifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed in 2021  reaching over 1 600 000 SMEs and more than 2 500 Corporates across its platform today. Noteworthy facts and figures: Established in 2001  with a proven track record2022 turnover €191 million1400+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG (*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentially from the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.All news about UNIFIEDPOST GROUP SA 03/06 Unifiedpost shows significant growth in recurring digital processing achieving thresho.. GL 02/28 Unifiedpost : announces details for its FY 2022 Financial Results Webcast PU 01/25 Unifiedpost : and Munich Re offer flexible financing for German SMEs PU 2022 Unifiedpost and French federation of accountants sustainably join forces GL 2022 Unifiedpost and French federation of accountants sustainably join forces AQ 2022 Unifiedpost's onboarding of new customers accelerates further in Q3 GL 2022 Unifiedpost's onboarding of new customers accelerates further in Q3 AQ 2022 Unifiedpost : announces Details for Its Q3 2022 Business Update Webcast PU 2022 Unifiedpost Issues $5 Million Shares to Settle Earnout Payments in Crossinx Deal MT 2022 Unifiedpost : Press Releas PU,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.08,0.21,True,English,"['recurring digital processing', 'significant growth', 'Unifiedpost', 'threshold', '1 million', 'customers', 'significant double-digit recurring digital processing revenue growth', 'core recurring digital processing revenue', 'Solid low single-digit growth', 'core SME product Banqup', 'Gross margin digital processing', 'digital processing business', ""digital age' program"", 'digital platform revenue', 'multiple email addresses', 'general price increases', 'full digital invoicing', 'R&D costs', 'parcel optimisation services', 'H1 2022 financial update', 'large distribution deal', 'Non-recurring digital revenue', 'parcel optimisation revenue', 'Key financial figures', 'French accountants federation', 'several other deals', 'parcel optimisation business', 'Double-digit growth rates', 'subscription revenue growth', 'Good EBITDA improvement', 'Key business KPI', 'ambitious growth path', 'new customer onboarding', 'strong growth rate', 'cash flow generation', 'Banqup customers France', 'Unifiedpost digital network', 'Recurring revenue', 'positive cash flow', 'one million customers', 'FY2022 Group revenue', 'significant growth', 'SME business', 'significant acceleration', 'business network', 'EBITDA margin', 'total revenue', 'customer growth', 'key priority', 'positive EBITDA', 'FY2022 revenue', 'new subscriptions', 'licence business', 'major deals', 'French market', 'limited growth', 'customer base', 'cash equivalents', 'La Hulpe', 'investment phase', 'Hans Leybaert', 'geopolitical tensions', 'energy crisis', 'growing momentum', 'coming years', 'European Commission', 'legislative proposal', 'first step', 'mandatory e-invoicing', 'continued contribution', 'strategic execution', 'ambitious way', '3rd parties', 'The Group', 'different countries', 'timely closing', 'joint venture', 'promising progress', 'inflationary effects', 'hybrid communication', 'existing custome', 'larger customers', '2,1 million companies', 'full H2 2023', 'European companies', 'two companies', 'FY2022 results', 'First name', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'Unifiedpost employees', '1,1% Growth', '35,6% growth', 'threshold', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Belgium', 'March', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Company', 'focus', 'period', 'Q4', 'CEO', 'founder', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'payments', 'December', 'VAT', 'partners', 'Change', 'licences', 'project', 'Postage', 'Loss', 'End', 'Billtobox', 'JeFacture', 'markets', 'Nordics', 'Serbia', 'Romania', 'Baltics', 'Benelux', 'ECMA', 'creation', 'YE2022', 'decrease', '1,8%pts', '7:00', '4.333', '19']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/06/2620665/0/en/Unifiedpost-shows-significant-growth-in-recurring-digital-processing-achieving-threshold-of-1-million-of-customers.html,Unifiedpost shows significant growth in recurring digital processing achieving threshold of 1 million of customers,Focus on cash flow starts to become visible – positive EBITDA in H2 2022  La Hulpe  Belgium – March 6  2023  7:00 a.m. CET – [INSIDE INFORMATION] -......,Focus on cash flow starts to become visible – positive EBITDA in H2 2022La Hulpe  Belgium – March 6  2023  7:00 a.m. CET – [INSIDE INFORMATION] - Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) is pleased to announce for FY2022 a significant double-digit recurring digital processing revenue growth (19 1% y-o-y). The customer base grew by a strong 34 2% in 2022  exceeding the threshold of one million customers  2 1 million companies were YE2022 in the Unifiedpost digital network. Unifiedpost has finalised its accelerated investment phase and shifted its focus to cash flow generation and is well on the way to become cash flow positive for the period of H2 2023.HighlightsStrong growth of core recurring digital processing revenue 19 1% y-o-yFY2022 Group revenue increased by 12 0% y-o-y to €190 9 millionAcceleration of customer growth in 2022 (+34 2%)  strong growth for core SME product Banqup (+251 1%)Good EBITDA improvement over the year  positive EBITDA in H2 2022  in Q4 2022 up to +€1 8 millionA positive cash flow for the full H2 2023 is the key priority for UnifiedpostCommenting on the FY2022 results  Hans Leybaert  CEO and founder  stated: “In 2022  Unifiedpost underpinned its ambitious growth path. In a year of geopolitical tensions  the war in Ukraine  the energy crisis in Europe and general price increases  our double-digit growth remained undisputed. The significant acceleration of new customer onboarding in 2022 proves the growing momentum for full digital invoicing and payments. A further acceleration is expected in the coming years as the European Commission has submitted a legislative proposal on December 8th 2022 as part of their 'VAT in the digital age' program. This is a first step towards mandatory e-invoicing for all European companies. I would like to thank all Unifiedpost employees and partners for their continued contribution to our strategic execution and for joining us in our ambitious way forward.”Key financial figures(EUR million) FY2022 FY2021 Change (%) Group revenue 190 9 170 5 +12 0%Digital processing revenue 126 9 106 9 +18 8% Recurring digital processing revenue 112 7 94 6 +19 1% Non-recurring digital revenue (licences + project) 14 2 12 3 +15 4% Postage & parcel optimisation revenue 64 0 63 6 +0 6% Recurring revenue (in % of total revenue) 92 5% 92 8% -0 3%pts Gross margin digital processing 41 9% 43 7% -1 8%pts EBITDA margin -3 4% -2 6% -0 8%pts R&D costs (expensed and capitalised) 36 2 33 1 +9 4% Loss for the period -43 5 -25 6 -69 9% Cash and cash equivalents 40 0 17 0 +135 3%Key business KPI’s(#) End Q4 2022 End Q4 2021 Change (%) Customers 1.063.776 792.594 +34 2% Paying customers 468.128 368.277 +27 1% Customers paid by 3rd parties 595.648 424.317 +40 4% Companies in business network 2.109.297 1.504.895 +40 2% Banqup customers 124.333 35.408 +251 1% Growth (new subscriptions) 18.255 16.346 - Migrated 70.582 - - Banqup customers Belgium (Billtobox) 40.363 28.864 +39 8% Banqup customers France (JeFacture) 5.428 2.072 +162 0%Double-digit growth rates in digital processing businessUnifiedpost grew its revenue in FY2022 by 12 0% y-o-y to €190 9 million  driven by double-digit growth of the digital processing revenue of 18 8% combined with a limited growth in postage and parcel optimisation services.The Group saw its revenue from digital processing increasing to €126 9 million in FY2022. This was predominantly thanks to the strong growth rate of 19 1% y-o-y in recurring digital processing revenue  i.e. digital platform revenue excluding the project and licence business. The growth is spread over different countries and markets  with the Nordics  Serbia  Romania  the Baltics  and the Benelux showing accelerating growth rates. The subscription revenue growth (i.e. SME business) was high with a 35 6% growth y-o-y.The project and licence business  which is non-recurring  contributed €14 2 million to the FY2022 revenue. As indicated in the H1 2022 financial update  the non-recurring revenue is depending on the timely closing of major deals (before YE). In Q4 a large distribution deal for the French market was realised with ECMA (the French accountants federation)  which includes the creation of a joint venture between the two companies. Unifiedpost made also promising progress with several other deals  without closing them prior to YE2022. The Group expects to close these in 2023.The gross margin of the digital processing business decreased to 41 9%  a decrease of 1 8%pts y-o-y  reflecting some inflationary effects and larger customers with hybrid communication going live.Solid low single-digit growth in postage & parcel optimisation businessRevenue of postage and parcel optimisation services slightly increased over the year (+0 6% y/y to €64 0 million). For existing customers  the shift from paper to digital continues and is accelerating. As a result  Unifiedpost realised lower revenue growth in the postage and parcel optimisation business. However  this was offset by two factors: Unifiedpost onboarded major new customers and increased its prices in this segment. Consequently  Unifiedpost still managed to achieve a slight growth in postage and parcel revenue over the year. It is important to underline that the postage and parcel optimisation business  which yields lower margins  is being overtaken by the digital services business  which generates higher margins and is experiencing steady double-digit growth. The postage & parcel optimisation realised a gross margin of 10 9% for FY2022  slightly down by 0 4%pts compared to FY2021  also as a consequence of inflationary effects.Unifiedpost services over 1 million companies representing 8% of all SMEs in EuropeUnifiedpost was and is ambitious in its targets for new customer onboarding. At the end of the period the customer growth was 34 2% y-o-y  a third consecutive year with a growth of at least 30%. In the fourth quarter of 2022 a new high of 76.805 new customers were onboarded onto our platform  most of them SME’s. At year-end  the Group had a total of 1.063.776 paying customers  either directly paying or paid by third parties. Unifiedpost’s business network expanded in 2022 to over 2 million companies (2.109.297)  representing an estimated 8 4% of SMEs in Europe. Today Unifiedpost is the most dominant e-invoice and e-payment provider in the SME-segment.The number of Banqup (incl. Billtobox and JeFacture) customers strongly grew to 124.333  reflecting a growth rate of 251 1% y-o-y. Although France has delayed the adoption of mandatory e-invoicing  over 5.428 early adopters onboarded on the JeFacture solution.Overall average revenue per user (ARPU) in the digital processing business amounted to €27 3 in Q4 2022. This is an increase due to the strong quarter for non-recurring digital revenue. 88 8% of the total digital processing revenue resulted from recurring services.FY2022 EBITDA / result impacted by a peak in roll-out cost and inflationBoth segments combined  i.e. combining the digital processing revenue and postage and parcel optimisation services  led to total revenue of €190 9 million and a gross profit of €60 2 million. Gross margin slightly decreased to 31 5% (FY 2021: 31 6%).During FY2022  the Group spent €36 2 million on research and development (R&D)  of which 61% was capitalised. The R&D spending is equivalent to 28 5% (down 2 5%pts y-o-y) of digital processing revenue. After having self-developed the platform successfully and rolling out the product  Unifiedpost has now been able to reduce its R&D spending as a percentage of total digital processing revenue.General and Administrative cost (G&A) accounted to €45 8 million  24 0% of the Group’s total revenue. The Group was able to stabilise its G&A costs in a year with increasing service and labour cost. Consequently  G&A cost ratio went up by just 0 3%pts compared to last year. Some operational costs related to the roll-out of Banqup have reached their peak during 2022 and have started to decline in absolute levels.Sales & Marketing expenses went up from €24 9 million in 2021 to €29 2 million in FY2022  or from 14 6% of total revenue to 15 3% in FY2022. The increase is caused by investments of the Group in local sales teams that are close to the business and customers. This platform and sales set-up was an important step for the Group in 2022. It was in line with the strategic approach to operate the global platform locally  with local teams and software that is adapted to local requirements and legislation.The Group reported an EBITDA loss of -€6 4 million for FY 2022. After a negative H1 2022 (H1 2022 EBITDA of -€6 5 million)  Unifiedpost released a slightly positive EBITDA in H2  in Q42022 even +€1 8 million. The positive development on the EBITDA-level proves that Unifiedpost is well on track to reach its goal delivering a positive cash flow for H2 2023.The loss from operations for the period amounted to €29 9 million. The loss for the period is €43 5 million. The loss for the period is impacted by higher financial expenses (-€9 4 million of which -€8 0 million is linked to Francisco Partners funding)  by a loss of -€1 9 million on an associate company (Facturel  joint investment with ECMA in France) and by the change in fair value of financial liabilities (-€4 3 million). The latter is linked to the settlement of the earn-out with the former Crossinx shareholders  as published on 21st October 2022 (-€4 8 million). By settling the earn-out agreement with Crossinx  Unifiedpost eliminated the risk of having to pay out an earn-out of €60 million in the future - of which €20 million in cash. The settlement of the earn-out through the repayment of 1 3 million shares worth €4 8 million is therefore fully in line with our announced focus on making our cash flow positive.Funding securedThe cash flow from financing activities amounted to +€67 6 million at the end of the period. Unifiedpost’s cash and cash equivalents increased from €17 0 million at YE 2021 to €40 0 million at YE 2022. The Group also has €17 7 million of undrawn financing facilities. The increase in cash position was due to the €100 million five-year senior facilities agreement  provided by Francisco Partners  a leading global investment firm that specialises in partnering with technology-enabled businesses. The facility is structured in a term loan facility A of €75 million which has been drawn at closing and a capex facility B of €25 million which has been drawn in December 2022. Unifiedpost met all covenants checks during the year 2022.The Group’s net debt position at year end 2022 amounted to €69 4 million.Sufficient liquidity for growth pathUnifiedpost’s management expects that the Group is equipped with sufficient liquidity until cash flow break-even will be reached. The Group targets to be cash flow positive by the second semester of 2023. The Group is well on the way with the cost management program and can benefit from the growth of the customer base and increasing recurring processing revenue.Increasing tailwinds in the addressable markets: EU Commission publishes law proposal to revamp EU’s VAT systemWith the geographical expansion in 2021  Unifiedpost unlocked the market potential in these countries in the course of 2022 driven by the rollout-out of business. The momentum and trend of digitisation as well as governments wanting to close the VAT-gap remain key in all markets. In response to sustainably growing digitisation of the economy  on 8 December 2022 the European Commission published its long-awaited proposals to revamp the EU’s VAT system. With this proposal  the EU wants to further modernise VATreporting obligations and to address the challenges of the platform economy  by updating the VAT rules applicable. These are positive proposals in view of Unifiedpost’s business model.ESGA good corporate citizenship has always been fundamental and part of Unifiedpost’s DNA. The Company recognizes its responsibility to consider the impact of its business on the environment and society  and is committed to integrating sustainability into our business strategy. In 2022  the ESG-roadmap drawn up the year before  was further implemented and for the first time  data gathering across all entities was kicked off.Positive cash flow expected for H2 2023[INSIDE INFORMATION] In 2023 and the years ahead Group management expects to significantly benefit from the growth in its key markets. The mandatory digital e-invoicing policies several European countries have implemented and will implement will have a positive effect on customers and revenue. With the changed economic circumstances and business conditions  the Company has decided to make the target to become cash flow positive its only target. The target remains to be cash flow positive for H2 2023.<End>The auditor  BDO Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL  has confirmed that audit of the consolidated financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 as included in this press release is substantially completed.Investors & Media webcastManagement will host a live video webcast for analysts  investors and media today at 10:00 a.m. CET.A recording will be available shortly after the event. To attend  please register at https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=72838B62-440A-4AF9-938F-7725F11EA13F . Participants can also join via telephone. They can obtain their personal dial-in details by registering with this link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI0e29ae9ca20e46b2acba56c18730b31e .A full replay be available after the webcast at: https://www.unifiedpost.com/en/investor-relationsFinancial Calendar 202314 April 2023 Publication Annual Report 202216 May 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders22 May 2023 Publication Q1 2023 Business Update29 August 2023 Publication H1 2023 Financial Results16 November 2023 Publication Q3 2023 Business UpdateContactLaurent Marcelis+32 477 61 81 37laurent.marcelis@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed in 2021  reaching over 1 600 000 SMEs and more than 2 500 Corporates across its platform today.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2022 turnover €191 million1400+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentiallyfrom the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.79,0.06,0.15,True,English,"['recurring digital processing', 'significant growth', 'Unifiedpost', 'threshold', '1 million', 'customers', 'significant double-digit recurring digital processing revenue growth', 'core recurring digital processing revenue', 'Solid low single-digit growth', 'core SME product Banqup', 'Gross margin digital processing', 'digital processing business', ""digital age' program"", 'digital platform revenue', 'general price increases', 'R&D costs', 'parcel optimisation services', 'H1 2022 financial update', 'large distribution deal', 'full digital invoicing', 'parcel optimisation revenue', 'Non-recurring digital revenue', 'Key financial figures', 'parcel optimisation business', 'Double-digit growth rates', 'French accountants federation', 'several other deals', 'subscription revenue growth', 'lower revenue growth', 'Good EBITDA improvement', 'Key business KPI', 'ambitious growth path', 'new customer onboarding', 'strong growth rate', 'Banqup customers France', 'cash flow generation', 'one million customers', 'FY2022 FY2021 Change', 'Recurring revenue', 'Unifiedpost digital network', 'major new customers', 'positive cash flow', 'FY2022 Group revenue', 'significant acceleration', 'SME business', 'business network', 'major deals', 'EBITDA margin', 'customer growth', 'total revenue', 'FY2022 revenue', 'key priority', 'new subscriptions', 'positive EBITDA', 'licence business', 'limited growth', 'French market', 'customer base', '2,1 million companies', 'cash equivalents', 'La Hulpe', 'investment phase', 'Hans Leybaert', 'geopolitical tensions', 'energy crisis', 'growing momentum', 'coming years', 'European Commission', 'legislative proposal', 'first step', 'mandatory e-invoicing', 'continued contribution', 'strategic execution', 'ambitious way', 'Q4 2021 Change', '3rd parties', 'The Group', 'different countries', 'timely closing', 'joint venture', 'promising progress', 'inflationary effects', 'larger customers', 'hybrid communication', 'existing customers', 'two factors', 'FY2022 results', 'full H2', 'European companies', 'two companies', 'End Q4', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'Unifiedpost employees', '1,1% Growth', '35,6% growth', 'Focus', 'Belgium', 'March', '7:00 a', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Company', 'threshold', 'period', 'Highlights', 'CEO', 'founder', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'payments', 'December', 'VAT', 'partners', 'licences', 'project', 'Postage', 'Loss', 'Billtobox', 'JeFacture', 'markets', 'Nordics', 'Serbia', 'Romania', 'Baltics', 'Benelux', 'ECMA', 'creation', 'YE2022', 'decrease', '1,8%pts', 'shift', 'paper', '4.333', '19']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,globenewswire.com
19966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Calyxt-Inc-Reports-its-Fourth-Quarter-2022-Financial-Results-and-Provides-Corporate-Update-43173672/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230306,Calyxt  Inc. Reports its Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Update,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  March 06  2023 -- Cellectis S.A.   a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today that Calyxt  Inc.   a plant-based synthetic bio…,"NEW YORK  March 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today that Calyxt  Inc. (Nasdaq: CLXT)  a plant-based synthetic biology company for which Cellectis owns 49.1% (as of December 31  2022) of its issued and outstanding common stock  today announced operating and financial results for its fourth quarter ended December 31  2022. The contents of Calyxt’s announcement are included below:—Announced proposed merger with Cibus Global and filed initial registration statement on Form S-4——Current customer projects under development are on track——Signed agreement with Evologic Technologies to further develop and scale production of its Plant Cell Matrix™ and BioFactoryTM technologies—Merger Agreement with CibusOn January 17  2023  Calyxt announced it had entered into a definitive merger agreement with Cibus Global  LLC (Cibus)  a leader in precision gene editing in agriculture  under which Calyxt and Cibus will merge in an all-stock transaction. The merger will create a new industry-leading company that combines the two pioneers in agriculture-based gene editing and establishes one of the world's most sophisticated facilities for trait development and next-generation plant breeding.Under the terms of the merger agreement  Calyxt will issue shares of its common stock to Cibus shareholders in an exchange ratio such that upon completion of the merger  Calyxt shareholders will own approximately 5% of the combined company  subject to adjustments permitted by the merger agreement. The Boards of Directors of both companies have unanimously approved the transaction. Concurrent with the execution of the merger agreement  certain officers of Calyxt  all of Calyxt's directors  and Cellectis S.A.  Calyxt's largest shareholder  executed support agreements in favor of the merger. These support agreements provide 49.8% approval from Calyxt shareholders. A majority of Cibus' shareholders have also provided support agreements in favor of the transaction. The merger is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023  subject to customary closing conditions  including approval of the merger by the shareholders of Calyxt.""Cibus is an excellent strategic fit for Calyxt given our complementary technology platforms  and the merger provides a great opportunity to leverage multiple synergies to drive innovation and shareholder value "" said Michael A. Carr  President and Chief Executive Officer of Calyxt. ""I am deeply proud of the significant accomplishments made by our team and their commitment to further the science of biotechnology and synthetic biology in significant ways.""Upon closing of the transaction  the combined company  renamed Cibus Inc.  is expected to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the proposed ticker symbol CBUS. The current Cibus management team will lead the new combined organization with Rory Riggs assuming the roles of Chair of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Corporate headquarters for the combined company will be located in San Diego  California and Calyxt’s offices  laboratory  and breeding facilities in Roseville  Minnesota will remain operational as a key site for the combined company.On February 14  2023  Calyxt filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Registration Statement contains a preliminary proxy statement / prospectus in connection with the transaction. Although the Registration Statement has not yet become effective and the information contained therein is subject to change  it provides important information about Calyxt and the proposed transactions.Other key accomplishments in the fourth quarter of 2022  and through the date of this press release  include the following:Current Customer Projects Under Development are on TrackCalyxt continued to progress the pilot project for a major consumer packaged goods company with delivery of initial quantities of a plant-based chemistry for customer evaluation expected in the second quarter of 2023.Calyxt continued to progress the development of its soybean-based palm oil alternative plant trait and it achieved the first milestone payment in the fourth quarter of 2022  with the overall project scheduled for completion in the first quarter of 2024  at which time the second milestone payment would be due.Signed Agreement with Global Infrastructure Partner to Enable Growth and Scale of Calyxt’s Proprietary Plant Cell Matrix and BioFactory TechnologiesOn October 6  2022  Calyxt announced that it signed an agreement with a manufacturing partner  Evologic Technologies GmbH (Evologic)  to further develop and scale Calyxt’s proprietary Plant Cell Matrix (PCMTM) and BioFactory technologies. Evologic's contract development and manufacturing services  based on its proprietary bioprocessing platform and technology  supports companies delivering unique and sustainable bioproducts. Under the terms of the agreement  Evologic will work alongside Calyxt to grow and scale Calyxt's proprietary PCM structures and is currently scaling one PCM for Calyxt.Additional UpdatesIn early November 2022  Calyxt reached a settlement with one of its technology vendors regarding alleged intellectual property infringement. As a result of the settlement  Calyxt received $750 thousand in the fourth quarter of 2022 and received another $750 thousand earlier in the first quarter of 2023.Financial Results for the Three Months Ended December 31  2022Cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash totaled $3.5 million as of December 31  2022.Revenue was nominal in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $1.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease in revenue was driven by the late 2021 completion of the wind-down of the Company’s soybean product line. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022 was primarily associated with the Company’s agreement with a food ingredient manufacturer to develop a palm oil alternative.Total operating expenses were $3.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $6.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease was driven by actions taken by management to lower Calyxt’s operating expenses.Cash runway  considering interim funding to be provided by Cibus as described in the Merger Agreement  is sufficient to fund operations through the second quarter of 2023.About CalyxtCalyxt (Nasdaq: CLXT) is a plant-based synthetic biology company. Calyxt leverages its proprietary PlantSpring™ technology platform and Plant Cell Matrix™ structures to engineer plant metabolism to produce innovative high value plant-based chemistries for use in customers' materials and products. As plant-based solutions  Calyxt's synthetic biology products can be used in helping customers meet their sustainability targets and financial goals. Calyxt's diversified offerings are primarily delivered through its proprietary BioFactory production system. For more information  visit www.calyxt.com.PlantSpring  Plant Cell Matrix  PCM  BioFactory  and the Calyxt logo are trademarks of Calyxt  Inc. Any other trademarks belong to their respective owners.ContactBill Koschak(651) 425-1754investors@calyxt.comForward-Looking StatementsThis communication contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases  you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as “anticipates ” “believes ” “continue ” “estimates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “might ” “plans ” “predicts ” “projects ” “should ” “targets ” “will ” or the negative of these terms and other similar terminology. Forward-looking statements in this report include statements about the proposed merger with Cibus  including the anticipated Nasdaq listing of the combined company; the Company's future financial performance  including its liquidity and capital resources  cash runway and its ability to continue as a going concern; its product pipeline and development; its business model and strategies for the development  commercialization and sales of commercial products; commercial demand for its synthetic biology solutions; the development and deployment of its PlantSpring technology platform; the ability to scale production capability for its BioFactory production system; potential development agreements  partnerships  customer relationships  and licensing arrangements and their contribution to its financial results  cash usage  and growth strategies; and anticipated trends in its business. These and other forward-looking statements are predictions and projections about future events and trends based on the Company's current expectations  objectives  and intentions and are premised on current assumptions. The Company's actual results  level of activity  performance  or achievements could be materially different than those expressed  implied  or anticipated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors  including  but not limited to: adverse impacts if the conditions to the closing of the Transactions are not satisfied or if consummation of the Transactions is delayed; Calyxt’s ability to realize anticipated benefits of the proposed Transactions; Calyxt’s ability to maintain its continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market; any adverse impact of the Company’s cost reduction measures and the proposed Transactions on its relationship with employees and third-parties  including ongoing negotiations with potential customers; the impact of increased competition  including competition from a broader array of synthetic biology companies; competition for customers  partners  and licensees and the successful execution of development and licensing agreements; disruptions at its key facilities  including disruptions impacting its BioFactory production system; changes in customer preferences and market acceptance of its products; changes in market consensus as to what attributes are required for a product to be considered “sustainable”; the impact of adverse events during development  including unsuccessful pilot production of plant-based chemistries or field trials; the impact of improper handling of its product candidates during development; failures by third-party contractors; inaccurate demand forecasting or milestone and royalty payment projections; the effectiveness of commercialization efforts by commercial partners or licensees; disruptions to supply chains  including raw material inputs for its BioFactory; the impact of changes or increases in oversight and regulation; disputes or challenges regarding intellectual property; proliferation and continuous evolution of new technologies; management changes; changes in macroeconomic and market conditions  including inflation  supply chain constraints  and rising interest rates; dislocations in the capital markets and challenges in accessing liquidity and the impact of such liquidity challenges on the Company’s ability to execute on its business plan; and other important factors discussed in Part I  Item 1A  “Risk Factors” in the Company’s filings with the SEC  included in Part I  Item 1A of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  which was filed with the SEC on March 3  2022 (its Annual Report) and its subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made by management of the Calyxt  Inc. are based only on currently available information and speak only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws  Calyxt  Inc. does not assume any obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  should circumstances change.Important Additional InformationIn connection with the proposed transactions  Calyxt has filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)  including a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Form S-4”)  which includes a proxy statement of Calyxt for the stockholders of Calyxt and that will serve as a prospectus of Calyxt and an information statement of Cibus  and other documents relating to the proposed transactions. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS  INCLUDING THE FORM S-4 AND THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS INCLUDED THEREIN BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT CALYXT  CIBUS AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS. After the Form S-4 is declared effective  the definitive proxy statement included in the Form S-4 will be mailed to Calyxt stockholders as of a record date to be established for voting on the matters to be considered at the Calyxt special meeting of stockholders being held in connection with the Transactions. The Form S-4  the proxy statement/prospectus included therein  and other materials filed by Calyxt with the SEC may be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) or from Calyxt by directing a request to: Calyxt  Inc.  2800 Mount Ridge Road  Roseville  MN 55113.Participants in the SolicitationCalyxt  Cibus and their respective directors  executive officers and other members of management may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the proposed transactions under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of Calyxt is set forth in Calyxt’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31  2021  which was filed with the SEC on March 3  2022  and its definitive proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders  which was filed with the SEC on April 19  2022.Other information regarding persons who may  under the rules of the SEC  be deemed to be participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their interests in the transaction  by security holdings or otherwise  are included in the proxy statement/prospectus included in the Form S-4 and other relevant materials filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. Investors should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from Calyxt or the SEC’s website  as indicated above.No Offer or SolicitationThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of Calyxt  Cibus or the combined company  nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made in the United States except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions to be approved by the relevant regulators or certain facts to be ascertained  a public offer will not be made directly or indirectly  in or into any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws of such jurisdiction  or by use of the mails or by any means or instrumentality (including without limitation  facsimile transmission  telephone or internet) of interstate or foreign commerce  or any facility of a national securities exchange  of any such jurisdiction.CALYXT  INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(In Thousands  Except Par Value and Share Amounts)December 31  2022(unaudited)December 31 2021Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 3 427 $ 13 823 Restricted cash 99 499 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 606 859 Total current assets 4 132 15 181 Non-current restricted cash — 99 Land  buildings  and equipment 4 516 21 731 Operating lease right-of-use assets 13 615 — Other non-current assets 158 183 Total assets $ 22 421 $ 37 194 Liabilities and stockholders’ equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 340 $ 1 260 Accrued expenses 173 339 Accrued compensation 107 2 522 Due to related parties 175 172 Current portion of financing lease obligations 97 370 Common stock warrants 291 — Other current liabilities 479 191 Total current liabilities 1 662 4 854 Financing lease obligations — 17 506 Operating lease obligations 13 447 — Other non-current liabilities 79 702 Total liabilities 15 188 23 062 Stockholders’ equity: Common stock  $0.0001 par value; 275 000 000 shares authorized; 48 944 771 shares issued and 48 844 619 shares outstanding as of December 31  2022  and 38 874 146 shares issued and 38 773 994 shares outstanding as of December 31  2021 5 4 Additional paid-in capital 220 422 211 263 Common stock in treasury  at cost; 100 152 shares as of December 31  2022  and December 31  2021 (1 043 ) (1 043 ) Accumulated deficit (212 151 ) (196 092 ) Total stockholders’ equity 7 233 14 132 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 22 421 $ 37 194CALYXT  INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(Unaudited)(In Thousands Except Shares and Per Share Amounts)Three Months Ended December 31 Year Ended December 31 2022202120222021Revenue $ 42 $ 1 943 $ 157 $ 25 987 Cost of goods sold — 2 004 — 28 557 Gross profit 42 (61 ) 157 (2 570 ) Operating expenses: Research and development 2 346 2 862 11 553 11 335 Selling  general  and administrative 1 009 3 787 10 974 15 427 Total operating expenses 3 355 6 649 22 527 26 762 Loss from operations (3 313 ) (6 710 ) (22 370 ) (29 332 ) Gain upon extinguishment of Payroll Protection Program loan — — — 1 528 Interest  net (7 ) (355 ) (87 ) (1 414 ) Non-operating income (expenses) 483 8 5 566 19 Loss before income taxes (2 837 ) (7 057 ) (16 891 ) (29 199 ) Income taxes — — — — Net loss $ (2 837 ) $ (7 057 ) $ (16 891 ) $ (29 199 ) Basic and diluted net loss per share $ (0.06 ) $ (0.18 ) $ (0.37 ) $ (0.78 ) Weighted average shares outstanding – basic and diluted 48 442 861 38 277 279 45 997 525 37 475 763 Anti-dilutive stock options  restricted stock units  performance stock units  and common stock warrants 15 960 659 6 001 405 15 960 659 6 001 405About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene NAI-1535379410v6 editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth in Paris (ticker: ALCLS).CONTACT:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.com Ashley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.11,0.24,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Corporate Update', 'Calyxt', 'soybean-based palm oil alternative plant trait', 'major consumer packaged goods company', 'Proprietary Plant Cell Matrix', 'plant-based synthetic biology company', 'current Cibus management team', 'Plant Cell Matrix™', 'proprietary bioprocessing platform', 'next-generation plant breeding', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Current customer projects', 'excellent strategic fit', 'Michael A. Carr', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'precision gene editing', 'agriculture-based gene editing', 'U.S. Securities', 'new industry-leading company', 'preliminary proxy statement', 'first milestone payment', 'second milestone payment', 'customary closing conditions', 'complementary technology platforms', 'Other key accomplishments', 'Cellectis S.A.', 'The Registration Statement', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'new combined organization', 'outstanding common stock', 'Global Infrastructure Partner', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'initial registration statement', 'Evologic Technologies GmbH', 'definitive merger agreement', 'trait development', 'life-saving cell', 'combined company', 'plant-based chemistry', 'NEW YORK', 'gene therapies', 'customer evaluation', 'Form S', 'significant accomplishments', 'breeding facilities', 'key site', 'initial quantities', 'first quarter', 'manufacturing partner', 'second quarter', 'BioFactoryTM technologies', 'BioFactory Technologies', 'Cibus Global', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'financial results', 'fourth quarter', 'two pioneers', 'sophisticated facilities', 'exchange ratio', 'largest shareholder', 'support agreements', 'great opportunity', 'multiple synergies', 'shareholder value', 'significant ways', 'ticker symbol', 'Rory Riggs', 'Corporate headquarters', 'San Diego', 'Exchange Commission', 'press release', 'pilot project', 'overall project', 'manufacturing services', 'Cibus shareholders', ""Cibus' shareholders"", 'stock transaction', 'Euronext Growth', 'important information', 'contract development', 'Calyxt shareholders', 'March', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'Inc.', 'CLXT', 'December', 'issued', 'operating', 'contents', 'announcement', 'track', 'scale', 'production', 'January', 'leader', 'world', 'terms', 'shares', 'completion', 'adjustments', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'companies', 'execution', 'officers', 'favor', '49.8% approval', 'majority', 'innovation', 'President', 'commitment', 'science', 'CBUS', 'roles', 'Chair', 'California', 'offices', 'laboratory', 'Roseville', 'Minnesota', 'February', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'transactions', 'date', 'delivery', 'time', 'October', 'PCMTM', 'unique', 'sustaina']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,marketscreener.com
19967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pokerstars-and-oracle-red-bull-racing-drive-global-partnership-into-its-second-year-301763187.html,POKERSTARS AND ORACLE RED BULL RACING DRIVE GLOBAL PARTNERSHIP INTO ITS SECOND YEAR,The partnership will take fans closer to F1 than ever before through behind-the-scenes content and epic experiences throughout the 2023 Formula One season ONCHAN  Isle of Man  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the start of the 2023 Formula One season in…,"The partnership will take fans closer to F1 than ever before through behind-the-scenes content and epic experiences throughout the 2023 Formula One seasonONCHAN  Isle of Man  March 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the start of the 2023 Formula One season in Bahrain this weekend  PokerStars and Oracle Red Bull Racing have announced their partnership will continue for the second year running.PokerStars will be returning to the racetrack with even more rewards for F1 fans  sharing promotions  competitions  and content with chances to win unforgettable experiences at some of the season's most hotly anticipated races.PokerStars and Oracle Red Bull Racing drive global partnership into its second yearF1 fans can stay tuned to PokerStars YouTube channel for never-before-seen footage that will take them behind the scenes at pivotal races as the season warms up.During the season  the coveted PokerStars Red Spade Pass will return for the second year – offering PokerStars players ultimate  money-can't-buy experiences to make F1 fan's dreams come true.PokerStars will also be helping fans 'Embrace the Race'; with a programme of race weekend rewards including a new Chicane Cash Drop  Spin & Go Races  Odds Boost on Sports bets and a Casino Weekend Races Leader board.The partnership will come to life across PokerStars' full offering of PokerStars Casino  PokerStars and PokerStars Sports products. Branding from the leading global online gambling and entertainment brand will feature on the halo of the RB19 as well as the inner cockpit and rear wing end plate  drivers race suits and pit crew helmets.Oracle Red Bull Racing Team Principal and CEO  Christian Horner  said: ""Partnering with PokerStars has been an ace move for the Team. Their commitment to entertainment and innovation is a winning formula that perfectly aligns with our own values in Formula One. As we enter another year together  we're raising the stakes and taking our collective game to the next level. While we can't reveal too much just yet  I can tell you that there are some truly exciting projects in the works  and we look forward to unveiling our plans in the coming months.""Flutter's Director of Partnerships  PR  and Consumer Engagement Rebecca McAdam Willetts  said: ""After an incredible first year racing alongside Oracle Red Bull we are delighted to be going into the 2023 season with even more rewards  content and epic experiences in the pipeline to take our partnership to the next level. This partnership has enabled both us and Oracle Red Bull Racing to reach audiences who share similar passions and interests  and we still firmly believe that the team is the perfect fit for PokerStars.net  sharing our conviction that it is not just about what you offer fans  but the ethos and vision behind it.""PokerStars prides itself on providing its community around the world with best-in-class entertainment with poker  casino  and sports betting whilst always ensuring safe and responsible play  values it shares with Oracle Red Bull Racing.For more information and to find out more about the PokerStars community  fans can visit PokerStars blog.Note to editors:For more information  please contact [email protected]About PokerStars:PokerStars operates the world's most popular online poker sites  serving the global poker community. Since it launched in 2001  PokerStars has become the first choice of players all over the world  with more daily tournaments than anywhere else and with the best online security. More than 200 billion hands have been dealt on PokerStars  which is more than any other site.PokerStars is ultimately owned by Flutter Entertainment plc. (LSE: FLTR; EURONEXT: FLTR).Play Responsibly! For more information on responsible gaming please visit our website at http://www.pokerstars.com/about/responsible-gaming/About Oracle Red Bull Racing:Since its inception  Oracle Red Bull Racing has been a major force in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship  the globe's premier motorsport category. Founded in 2005 to expand parent company Red Bull's presence in F1 and to disrupt the status quo within the sport through a bold mix of passion  playfulness  ambition and achievement  Oracle Red Bull Racing has grown to become one of F1's most successful teams. With multiple Constructors' and Drivers' world titles and more than 80 race wins to its credit  Oracle Red Bull Racing continues its pursuit of ultimate performance – as a race team  as a home of champions and as an innovator operating at the cutting edge of technology.Photo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2015726/PokerStars_x_ORBR.jpgLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1164298/PokerStars_Logo.jpgSOURCE PokerStars",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['ORACLE RED BULL RACING DRIVE GLOBAL PARTNERSHIP', 'SECOND YEAR', 'POKERSTARS', 'ITS', 'Oracle Red Bull Racing Team Principal', 'coveted PokerStars Red Spade Pass', 'Casino Weekend Races Leader board', 'new Chicane Cash Drop', 'rear wing end plate', 'leading global online gambling', 'popular online poker sites', 'incredible first year racing', 'FIA Formula 1 World Championship', 'best online security', 'pit crew helmets', 'Rebecca McAdam Willetts', 'premier motorsport category', 'PokerStars YouTube channel', 'race weekend rewards', ""PokerStars' full offering"", 'global poker community', '2023 Formula One season', 'PokerStars Sports products', 'Flutter Entertainment plc', ""Drivers' world titles"", 'first choice', 'winning formula', 'pivotal races', 'Go Races', 'race team', 'Sports bets', 'sports betting', 'PokerStars Casino', 'second year', 'global partnership', 'Odds Boost', 'entertainment brand', 'inner cockpit', 'race suits', 'Christian Horner', 'ace move', 'collective game', 'next level', 'exciting projects', 'coming months', 'Consumer Engagement', 'similar passions', 'perfect fit', 'class entertainment', 'responsible play', 'daily tournaments', '200 billion hands', 'other site', 'responsible gaming', 'major force', 'parent company', 'status quo', 'bold mix', 'successful teams', '80 race wins', 'cutting edge', 'epic experiences', 'unforgettable experiences', 'PokerStars.net', 'PokerStars community', 'PokerStars blog', 'SOURCE PokerStars', 'F1 fan', 'ultimate performance', 'PokerStars players', 'scenes content', '2023 season', 'fans', 'ONCHAN', 'Isle', 'PRNewswire', 'start', 'Bahrain', 'racetrack', 'promotions', 'competitions', 'chances', 'footage', 'dreams', 'programme', 'Spin', 'life', 'Branding', 'halo', 'RB19', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'values', 'stakes', 'works', 'plans', 'Director', 'Partnerships', 'pipeline', 'audiences', 'interests', 'conviction', 'ethos', 'vision', 'safe', 'information', 'Note', 'editors', 'More', 'LSE', 'FLTR', 'EURONEXT', 'website', 'responsible-gaming', 'inception', 'globe', 'presence', 'playfulness', 'ambition', 'achievement', 'credit', 'pursuit', 'home', 'innovator', 'technology', 'Photo', 'Logo']",2023-03-06,2023-03-07,prnewswire.com
19968,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyxoah-participate-oppenheimer-33rd-annual-213000945.html,Nyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference,About Nyxoah Nyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system ,NyxoahNyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare ConferenceMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 7  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference  which takes place March 13-15  2023  virtually.Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer  will deliver a corporate update on Tuesday  March 14  2023  at 11:20am ET. A webcast of the presentation will be available in the Events section of Nyxoah’s Investor Relations website. The Company will also be available for 1x1 meetings with institutional investors.Nyxoah’s Investor Presentation can be accessed on the Shareholder Information section of the Company’s Investor Relations page.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.Story continuesFor more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contact:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.3,0.33,True,English,"['Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Nyxoah', 'Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients', 'U.S. federal law', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'CE mark approval', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Investor Relations website', 'Investor Relations page', 'two successful IPOs', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', 'Shareholder Information section', 'OSA patients', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Events section', 'successful completion', 'Investor Presentation', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Olivier Taelman', 'corporate update', '1x1 meetings', 'institutional investors', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'The Company', 'David DeMartino', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', '10:30pm', '4:30pm', 'NYXH', 'development', 'place', 'Tuesday', '11:20am', 'webcast', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'FDA', 'Story', 'Caution', 'Contact', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19969,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58493606-van-lanschot-kempen-nv-van-lanschot-kempen-promoted-to-the-amx-index-and-included-in-the-aex-esg-index-399.htm,Van Lanschot Kempen NV: Van Lanschot Kempen promoted to the AMX index and included in the AEX ESG index,Amsterdam/'s-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands  7 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen will enter the Euronext AMX index and the AEX ESG index as of March 17  2023 COB. Jeroen Kroes  Chief Financial Officer,"Amsterdam/'s-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands  7 March 2023Van Lanschot Kempen will enter the Euronext AMX index and the AEX ESG index as of March 17  2023 COB.Jeroen Kroes  Chief Financial Officer Van Lanschot Kempen: ""The inclusion in both the Midkap index and the AEX ESG index underlines the growth achieved by Van Lanschot Kempen in recent years and our sustainable profile. This will further strengthen our visibility towards investors and is expected to increase liquidity in our stock. At the same time our focus remains unchanged: providing unique  personalised services to our clients. Strategically  we remain focused on sustainable profitable growth  both organically and through acquisitions  with a capital-light balance sheet.""The composition of the Midkap index is reviewed annually in March by Euronext Amsterdam on the basis of certain criteria  including free float market capitalisation. As of the end of February 2023  Van Lanschot Kempen's total market capitalisation was €1.1 billion.In addition  Van Lanschot Kempen will be added to the AEX ESG index  which identifies the 25 companies that rank highest on Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria among the 50 constituents of the AEX® and AMX® indices. The ESG assessment of companies is provided by Morningstar Sustainalytics  a global provider of ESG research  ratings  and data.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands' oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'AEX ESG index', 'AMX index', 'Chief Financial Officer Van Lanschot Kempen', 'oldest independent financial services company', 'free float market capitalisation', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'total market capitalisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'unique, personalised services', 'capital-light balance sheet', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'AEX ESG index', 'Euronext AMX index', 'sustainable profitable growth', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'Midkap index', 'sustainable profile', 'AMX® indices', 'ESG assessment', 'ESG research', 'sustainable way', 'Jeroen Kroes', 'recent years', 'same time', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ESG) criteria', 'Morningstar Sustainalytics', 'global provider', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'long-term focus', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'AEX®', 'Hertogenbosch', 'Netherlands', 'March', 'COB.', 'inclusion', 'visibility', 'investors', 'liquidity', 'stock', 'clients', 'acquisitions', 'composition', 'basis', 'February', 'addition', '25 companies', 'Social', 'Governance', '50 constituents', 'ratings', 'data', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'society', 'part', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'information', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'action', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-05,2023-03-07,finanznachrichten.de
19970,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.afp.com/en/news/1313/verimatrix-wins-top-prizes-artificial-intelligence-security-and-brand-growth-2023-cybersecurity-excellence-awards-202303070059651,Verimatrix Wins Top Prizes for Artificial Intelligence Security and Brand Growth in 2023 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards,Receiving top honors in the Artificial Intelligence Security and Biggest Brand Growth categories  the recognition marks ongoing growth for the Verimatrix XTD (Extended Threat Defense) family of cybersecurity solutions aimed at uniquely addressing the fast-growing threats associated with mobile apps and the unmanaged consumer devices that can be weaponized and used to infiltrate enterprise backends.,Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Paris:VMX) (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced the company received two gold awards in the 2023 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards.Receiving top honors in the Artificial Intelligence Security and Biggest Brand Growth categories  the recognition marks ongoing growth for the Verimatrix XTD (Extended Threat Defense) family of cybersecurity solutions aimed at uniquely addressing the fast-growing threats associated with mobile apps and the unmanaged consumer devices that can be weaponized and used to infiltrate enterprise backends. Verimatrix XTD users  including organizations spanning numerous industries such as financial services  healthcare  e-commerce and automotive  gain the ability to consistently prevent and detect related threats by harnessing the power of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML).Cybersecurity Excellence Award winners are selected based on the strength of the nomination  including demonstrated leadership  excellence and results in cybersecurity  depending on the specific category and the supporting information provided. Click here for more information on this year’s Cybersecurity Excellence Awards program and its winners.“I want to thank the Cybersecurity Excellence Awards for recognizing the AI and ML-based innovations within Verimatrix XTD and our platform ” said Matthew Fite  CTO at Verimatrix. “Verimatrix has embraced human-centered AI for mobile threat defense. What makes our collaborative human and machine threat intelligence approach so compelling is that it allows customers to manage AI risks  optimize response times  relieve SOC specialists of mundane tasks  enable them to focus on enjoyable and valuable work  and mitigate avoidable bias and blind spots while complementing technology with human instincts and common sense.”“At Verimatrix  we apply a deliberate approach to building brand equity that channels the imaginations of our people  processes  platforms  products and promotions to deliver amazing value ” said Jon Samsel  senior vice president of global marketing at Verimatrix. “It’s great to have the Cybersecurity Excellence Awards recognize our brand growth. It’s proof that our hard work is having a measurable impact in the markets we serve. I am confident we will continue to experience an uptick in both awareness and recognition  especially for the Verimatrix Cybersecurity brand  during 2023 and beyond.”About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230307005965/en/Verimatrix Investor Contact:Jean-François Labadie  Chief Financial Officerfinance@verimatrix.comVerimatrix Media Contact:Matthew Zintelmatthew.zintel@zintelpr.com© Business Wire  Inc.Disclaimer:This press release is not a document produced by AFP. AFP shall not bear responsibility for its content. In case you have any questions about this press release  please refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the press release.,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.07,0.34,True,English,"['Artificial Intelligence Security', '2023 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards', 'Top Prizes', 'Brand Growth', 'Verimatrix', 'Extended Threat Defense) family', 'Biggest Brand Growth categories', 'Cybersecurity Excellence Awards program', 'Cybersecurity Excellence Award winners', 'mobile threat defense', 'two gold awards', '2023 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards', 'mitigate avoidable bias', 'senior vice president', 'live streaming sports', 'Jean-François Labadie', 'machine threat intelligence', 'valuable revenue streams', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'unmanaged consumer devices', 'critical mobile applications', 'Verimatrix Investor Contact', 'Verimatrix Media Contact', 'Verimatrix Cybersecurity brand', 'Artificial Intelligence Security', 'Verimatrix XTD users', 'modern connected world', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'brand equity', 'ongoing growth', 'mobile apps', 'contact person/entity', 'machine learning', 'valuable work', 'financial services', 'sensitive financial', 'Regulatory News', 'people-centered security', 'top honors', 'fast-growing threats', 'enterprise backends', 'numerous industries', 'related threats', 'results in', 'specific category', 'ML-based innovations', 'Matthew Fite', 'response times', 'SOC specialists', 'blind spots', 'human instincts', 'common sense', 'deliberate approach', 'amazing value', 'Jon Samsel', 'global marketing', 'hard work', 'measurable impact', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'frictionless security', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'trusted connections', 'new business', 'source version', 'Business Wire', 'press release', 'Euronext Paris', 'digital content', 'compelling content', 'supporting information', 'human-centered AI', 'AI risks', 'healthcare data', 'Matthew Zintel', 'VMX', 'leader', 'company', 'recognition', 'organizations', 'automotive', 'ability', 'power', 'strength', 'nomination', 'year', 'platform', 'CTO', 'customers', 'tasks', 'enjoyable', 'technology', 'imaginations', 'processes', 'products', 'promotions', 'proof', 'markets', 'uptick', 'awareness', 'everything', 'mission', 'experiences', 'millions', 'consumers', 'partners', 'businesswire', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'AFP', 'responsibility', 'case', 'questions', 'text']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,afp.com
19971,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-promoted-amx-183000746.html,Van Lanschot Kempen promoted to the AMX index and included in the AEX ESG index,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands  7 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen will enter the Euronext AMX index and the AEX ESG index as of March 17  2023 COB. Jeroen Kroes  Chief Financial Officer Van Lanschot Kempen: “The inclusion in both the Midkap index and the AEX ESG index underlines the growth achieved by Van Lanschot Kempen in recent years and our sustainable profile.,Van Lanschot Kempen NVAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands  7 March 2023Van Lanschot Kempen will enter the Euronext AMX index and the AEX ESG index as of March 17  2023 COB.Jeroen Kroes  Chief Financial Officer Van Lanschot Kempen: “The inclusion in both the Midkap index and the AEX ESG index underlines the growth achieved by Van Lanschot Kempen in recent years and our sustainable profile. This will further strengthen our visibility towards investors and is expected to increase liquidity in our stock. At the same time our focus remains unchanged: providing unique  personalised services to our clients. Strategically  we remain focused on sustainable profitable growth  both organically and through acquisitions  with a capital-light balance sheet.”The composition of the Midkap index is reviewed annually in March by Euronext Amsterdam on the basis of certain criteria  including free float market capitalisation. As of the end of February 2023  Van Lanschot Kempen's total market capitalisation was €1.1 billion.In addition  Van Lanschot Kempen will be added to the AEX ESG index  which identifies the 25 companies that rank highest on Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria among the 50 constituents of the AEX® and AMX® indices. The ESG assessment of companies is provided by Morningstar Sustainalytics  a global provider of ESG research  ratings  and data.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.Story continuesFor more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.11,0.22,0.67,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'AEX ESG index', 'AMX index', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Chief Financial Officer Van Lanschot Kempen', 'free float market capitalisation', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'total market capitalisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'unique, personalised services', 'capital-light balance sheet', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'AEX ESG index', 'Euronext AMX index', 'sustainable profitable growth', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'Midkap index', 'sustainable profile', 'AMX® indices', 'ESG assessment', 'ESG research', 'sustainable way', 'Jeroen Kroes', 'recent years', 'same time', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ESG) criteria', 'Morningstar Sustainalytics', 'global provider', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'long-term focus', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'AEX®', 'Hertogenbosch', 'March', 'COB.', 'inclusion', 'visibility', 'investors', 'liquidity', 'stock', 'clients', 'acquisitions', 'composition', 'basis', 'February', 'addition', '25 companies', 'Social', 'Governance', '50 constituents', 'ratings', 'data', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'society', 'part', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'information', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'action', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
19972,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/03/07/markets-rocked-as-fed-warns-it-could-switch-back-to-bigger-rate-rises/,Markets rocked as Fed warns it could switch back to bigger rate rises,Euronext Dublin remained largely out of the fray  outperforming international peers as it finished the day up 0.2%,In testimony before the US Congress  Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell struck a more hawkish tone than investors expectedA hawkish warning on Tuesday from Federal Reserve chairman Jerome Powell that the US central bank could speed up interest rate hikes upended recent thinking that inflation would be tamed with more modest measures and set the cat among the pigeons on Wall Street.DublinEuronext Dublin remained largely out of the fray  outperforming international peers as it finished the day up 0.2 per cent.Among the bigger hitters  Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment finished the day up 1.5 per cent  while building materials giant CRH was up 0.5 per cent.Bank of Ireland finished the day up 2.5 per cent after it hiked its medium-term profitability target after reporting solid results for 2022. It also proposed an increase in cash returns to shareholders through dividends and stock buy-backs.READ MORE“They’ve had a fantastic run over the past while  and the numbers were well received ” noted a trader. “Volumes were fairly light across the board  so that one stood out.” Also among the banks  AIB was up about 1 per cent ahead of results on Wednesday.Elsewhere  Dalata – the biggest hotel operator in the State – finished the day up 2 per cent  while budget airline Ryanair was down 1.5 per cent at close of business after trading flat or slightly up for most of the day.LondonThe FTSE 100 trod water as sterling hit its lowest point against the dollar in two months.The index of London’s top companies ended the day down 0.1 per cent. It came as steep falls for some of the country’s miners – including Fresnillo  which dropped 6.8 per cent – were offset by some of the biggest financial institutions.In company news  Greggs shares dipped 1.4 per cent despite the high-street baker chain posting higher sales and confirming plans to open a raft of new sites.Elsewhere  Wood Group gained again as the engineering business received a fourth takeover offer from private-equity firm Apollo. Wood told investors it may reject the roughly £1.6 billion (€1.8 billion) takeover move  helping its shares lift 12.8 per cent.Estate agency group Foxtons closed higher after it cashed in on soaring rental prices  although the firm cautioned over a more challenging year ahead as higher interest rates are set to rein in housing sales. It was up 2.2 per cent at the end of Tuesday’s session.Online fashion firm In The Style saw its calamitous stock market listing brought an end on Tuesday after agreeing to a £1.2 million sale to avoid insolvency. The retailer saw shares dive 78.6 per cent after the sale.The biggest risers in the FTSE 100 were Melrose Industries  up 6.05p at 162.95p; Ashtead Group  up 128p at 5 874p; Beazley  up 12.5p at 623p; Flutter Entertainment  up 275p at 14 250p; and Rentokil  up 8.6p at 520p.The biggest fallers were Fresnillo  down 52p at 708.4p; Ocado Group  down 24.8p at 505p; Glencore  down 23p at 479.5p; Endeavour Mining  down 58p at 1 685p; and Antofagasta  down 47.5p at 1 591p.EuropeEuropean shares extended their losses after Powell’s prepared remarks. The pan-European Stoxx 600 index lost 0.6 per cent and MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.72 per cent.In Germany the Dax index closed down 0.6 per cent  while in Paris the Cac 40 dropped 0.5 per cent.New YorkUS stocks retreated and benchmark Treasury yields wavered after Powell commenced his semi-annual  two-day monetary policy testimony before Congress.All three major US stock indexes were languid in early trading before Powell’s remarks were released as he sat down to testify before the Senate banking committee.But they headed sharply lower and Treasury yields reversed an early dip after Powell struck a more hawkish tone than investors expected  stoking speculation the central bank could raise interest rates higher – and keep them there longer – than market participants might have anticipated.The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.54 per cent; the S&P 500 lost 0.61 per cent; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.39 per cent. – Additional reporting: agencies,negative,0.29,0.11,0.61,mixed,0.14,0.23,0.63,True,English,"['bigger rate rises', 'Markets', 'Fed', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment', 'semi-annual, two-day monetary policy testimony', 'The Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'three major US stock indexes', 'Federal Reserve chairman Jerome Powell', 'calamitous stock market listing', 'materials giant CRH', 'medium-term profitability target', 'budget airline Ryanair', 'high-street baker chain', 'fourth takeover offer', 'soaring rental prices', 'Senate banking committee', 'interest rate hikes', 'biggest hotel operator', 'biggest financial institutions', 'Estate agency group', 'Online fashion firm', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'benchmark Treasury yields', 'higher interest rates', 'US central bank', 'stock buy-backs', 'market participants', 'US Congress', 'higher sales', 'The Style', 'biggest risers', 'biggest fallers', 'US stocks', 'Ashtead Group', 'Ocado Group', 'recent thinking', 'modest measures', 'Wall Street', 'international peers', 'bigger hitters', 'cash returns', 'fantastic run', 'The FTSE 100', 'lowest point', 'two months', 'top companies', 'steep falls', 'company news', 'new sites', 'private-equity firm', 'challenging year', 'housing sales', 'Melrose Industries', 'Endeavour Mining', 'Dax index', 'New York', 'early trading', 'early dip', 'S&P 500', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Additional reporting', 'Wood Group', 'Euronext Dublin', 'solid results', 'Greggs shares', 'engineering business', '£1.2 million sale', 'European shares', 'prepared remarks', 'tone', 'investors', 'warning', 'Tuesday', 'inflation', 'cat', 'pigeons', 'fray', 'Ireland', 'increase', 'shareholders', 'dividends', 'READ', 'past', 'numbers', 'trader', 'Volumes', 'board', 'banks', 'AIB', 'Wednesday', 'Dalata', 'close', 'London', 'water', 'sterling', 'dollar', 'country', 'miners', 'Fresnillo', 'plans', 'raft', 'Apollo', '£1.6 billion', 'Foxtons', 'session', 'insolvency', 'retailer', 'Beazley', 'Rentokil', '520p', '505p', 'Glencore', 'Antofagasta', 'losses', 'MSCI', 'gauge', 'globe', 'Germany', 'Paris', 'Cac', 'speculation', 'agencies', '12.', '70', '0.6', '72']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,irishtimes.com
19973,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Exchange operator Euronext has pulled out of its prospective takeover of Allfundshttps://t.co/Kliq5O7ely#news… https://t.co/dnJilPv1nq,nan,Exchange operator Euronext has pulled out of its prospective takeover of Allfundshttps://t.co/Kliq5O7ely#news… https://t.co/dnJilPv1nq,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,True,English,"['Exchange operator', 'prospective takeover', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'Kliq5O7ely', 'Exchange operator', 'prospective takeover', 'Euronext', 'Allfunds', 'Kliq5O7ely']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19974,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,"@alluvialcapital All these have in common that they have a Euronext notice ""CE - Shares - Listing on a new line"". Y… https://t.co/qAjOTrN09N",nan,"@alluvialcapital All these have in common that they have a Euronext notice ""CE - Shares - Listing on a new line"". Y… https://t.co/qAjOTrN09N",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext notice', 'new line', 'alluvialcapital', 'Shares', 'qAjOTrN09N', 'Euronext notice', 'new line', 'alluvialcapital', 'Shares', 'qAjOTrN09N']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19975,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,"Can anyone tell me what all the ""NV 23"" securities are on the Euronext? ""NV"" is presumably ""non-voting"" but why did… https://t.co/YVTEB3F7de",nan,"Can anyone tell me what all the ""NV 23"" securities are on the Euronext? ""NV"" is presumably ""non-voting"" but why did… https://t.co/YVTEB3F7de",negative,0.03,0.47,0.5,negative,0.03,0.47,0.5,True,English,"['NV 23"" securities', 'Euronext', 'YVTEB3F7de', 'NV 23"" securities', 'Euronext', 'YVTEB3F7de']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19976,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Very interesting closing remarks earlier at @euronext Annual Conference on competitiveness  #CapitalMarketsUnion an… https://t.co/DsRFud5Vk3,nan,Very interesting closing remarks earlier at @euronext Annual Conference on competitiveness  #CapitalMarketsUnion an… https://t.co/DsRFud5Vk3,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['interesting closing remarks', 'competitiveness', 'DsRFud5Vk3', 'interesting closing remarks', 'competitiveness', 'DsRFud5Vk3']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19977,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,"@euronext_fr Annual conference 2023. Interesting debate about How we doing enough support tech listings ?""We shou… https://t.co/KLly53gWQg",nan,"@euronext_fr Annual conference 2023. Interesting debate about How we doing enough support tech listings ?""We shou… https://t.co/KLly53gWQg",positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['enough support tech listings', 'Annual conference', 'Interesting debate', 'KLly53gWQg', 'enough support tech listings', 'Annual conference', 'Interesting debate', 'KLly53gWQg']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19978,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Tomorrow is #InternationalWomensDay! Euronext Paris will host a panel discussion on “Gender Equality in the Tech in… https://t.co/dvIB615diL,nan,Tomorrow is #InternationalWomensDay! Euronext Paris will host a panel discussion on “Gender Equality in the Tech in… https://t.co/dvIB615diL,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Paris', 'panel discussion', 'Gender Equality', 'Tomorrow', 'Tech', 'Euronext Paris', 'panel discussion', 'Gender Equality', 'Tomorrow', 'Tech']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19979,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on March 07  10:30:00: VEON confirms revised timing for effectivenes… https://t.co/XNUJtjuocN,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on March 07  10:30:00: VEON confirms revised timing for effectivenes… https://t.co/XNUJtjuocN,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Press Release', 'revised timing', 'March', 'VEON', 'effectivenes', 'XNUJtjuocN', 'Press Release', 'revised timing', 'March', 'VEON', 'effectivenes', 'XNUJtjuocN']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19980,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Creactives Group Lists On Euronext Growth Milan Professional Segment https://t.co/MBjBwaC5Ej,nan,Creactives Group Lists On Euronext Growth Milan Professional Segment https://t.co/MBjBwaC5Ej,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Milan Professional Segment', 'Creactives Group Lists', 'MBjBwaC5Ej', 'Euronext Growth Milan Professional Segment', 'Creactives Group Lists', 'MBjBwaC5Ej']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19981,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We’re at the @euronext Annual Conference in Paris today. To learn how PrimaryBid is the go-to solution for retail i… https://t.co/dGO0AWgicJ,nan,We’re at the @euronext Annual Conference in Paris today. To learn how PrimaryBid is the go-to solution for retail i… https://t.co/dGO0AWgicJ,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,True,English,"['retail i', 'Paris', 'PrimaryBid', 'solution', 'retail i', 'Paris', 'PrimaryBid', 'solution']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19982,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,"4/After some assiduous management by ""Duncan the Value Destroyer  "" the much larger @NYSE @Euronext (merged April… https://t.co/CHJKiDKP9B",nan,"4/After some assiduous management by ""Duncan the Value Destroyer  "" the much larger @NYSE @Euronext (merged April… https://t.co/CHJKiDKP9B",negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['assiduous management', 'Value Destroyer', 'Euronext', 'CHJKiDKP9B', 'assiduous management', 'Value Destroyer', 'Euronext', 'CHJKiDKP9B']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19983,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Relatech S.p.A.  Digital Enabler Solution Know-How (DESK) Company e PMI innovativa quotata sul mercato Euronext Gro… https://t.co/FRLFyliLT2,nan,Relatech S.p.A.  Digital Enabler Solution Know-How (DESK) Company e PMI innovativa quotata sul mercato Euronext Gro… https://t.co/FRLFyliLT2,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Relatech S.p.A.', 'Digital Enabler Solution Know-How', 'PMI', 'mercato', 'Euronext', 'FRLFyliLT2', 'Relatech S.p.A.', 'Digital Enabler Solution Know-How', 'PMI', 'mercato', 'Euronext', 'FRLFyliLT2']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19984,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,7th March #CAC40 R=7399  (Previous Close 7373) S=7345 #business #Fintech #FT ideal Close 7393 #euronext_fr #Stocks… https://t.co/HeGAZpsFXK,nan,7th March #CAC40 R=7399  (Previous Close 7373) S=7345 #business #Fintech #FT ideal Close 7393 #euronext_fr #Stocks… https://t.co/HeGAZpsFXK,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['7th March', 'CAC40 R', 'Previous Close', 'S=7345', 'Fintech', 'FT', 'fr', 'Stocks', 'HeGAZpsFXK', '7th March', 'CAC40 R', 'Previous Close', 'S=7345', 'Fintech', 'FT', 'fr', 'Stocks', 'HeGAZpsFXK']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
19985,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Today is Euronext’s Annual Conference #EAC2023  the conference bringing together French and European financial spec… https://t.co/6vWhdzqFHE,nan,Today is Euronext’s Annual Conference #EAC2023  the conference bringing together French and European financial spec… https://t.co/6vWhdzqFHE,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['European financial spec', 'Annual Conference', 'Euronext', 'French', 'European financial spec', 'Annual Conference', 'Euronext', 'French']",2023-03-07,2023-03-07,Unknown
