UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
45394,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946329/0/en/Sampo-plc-Directed-issuance-of-new-Sampo-A-shares-to-Topdanmark-shareholders-in-connection-with-the-exchange-offer.html,Sampo plc: Directed issuance of new Sampo A shares to Topdanmark shareholders in connection with the exchange offer,SAMPO PLC                        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE                  16 September 2024 at 8:35 am       NOT FOR PUBLICATION  DISTRIBUTION OR...,SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 16 September 2024 at 8:35 amNOT FOR PUBLICATION  DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SOUTH AFRICA OR SINGAPORE OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.Sampo plc: Directed issuance of new Sampo A shares to Topdanmark shareholders in connection with the exchange offerThe Board of Directors of Sampo plc (“Sampo”) has resolved on the directed issuance of new Sampo A shares to shareholders of Topdanmark A/S (“Topdanmark”) in deviation from the Sampo shareholders’ pre-emptive rights based on the final result of the recommended best and final public exchange offer made by Sampo to acquire all of the outstanding shares in Topdanmark with the exception of shares already owned by Sampo and Topdanmark treasury shares (the “Offer”)  as announced earlier by Sampo today  on 16 September 2024.Directed issuance of new Sampo A sharesBased on the final result of the Offer  the Board of Directors of Sampo has resolved to issue 48 198 710 new Sampo A shares (the “Offer Shares”) in deviation from the Sampo shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (the “Share Issue”) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Share Issue and has approved the subscriptions made in accordance with said terms and conditions. The Share Issue was carried out pursuant to the authorisation granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Sampo held on 9 July 2024 to the Board of Directors of Sampo  enabling the issuance of Sampo A shares to Topdanmark shareholders as consideration for the Topdanmark shares tendered in the Offer.The Offer Shares have been issued in exchange for the Topdanmark shares which have been tendered in the Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer. Based on said terms and conditions  Topdanmark shareholders were offered 1.25 Offer Shares as share consideration for each share in Topdanmark (not including Topdanmark shares already owned by Sampo and Topdanmark treasury shares) validly tendered in the Offer. The Offer Shares were offered in deviation from the Sampo shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed share issue) to the Topdanmark shareholders in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer. The subscribing Topdanmark shareholders subscribed for the Offer Shares by tendering (and not validly withdrawing) the Topdanmark shares held by them in the Offer and through the transfer of title of the Topdanmark shares to Sampo in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer.Following completion of the Offer  Sampo plans to integrate Topdanmark’s P&C operations into If P&C Insurance Ltd (publ)’s (“If P&C”) pan-Nordic business organisation. The planned integration would enable the combined group to take full advantage of the complementary business models and distribution channels  providing opportunities for cross-selling and future growth. In addition  the planned integration would increase diversification and enable the combination of skills in areas such as more advanced pricing and risk management  to enhance underwriting excellence locally. The combination would support the execution of Sampo’s strategy published in 2021 that Sampo believes is value-creative and would enable Sampo Group to leverage If P&C’s leading digital capabilities and efficient Nordic operating model  driving continued operational excellence  growth and productivity improvements. Sampo believes that the Offer and the following integration creates value for stakeholders in both Topdanmark and Sampo through the significant potential synergies. Therefore  Sampo has a weighty financial reason for deviating from the Sampo shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right in accordance with Chapter 9  Section 4 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended).The subscription price for the Offer Shares is EUR 41.50 per share and it has been determined based on the closing price of the Sampo A shares on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as at 13 September 2024  being the last full trading day prior to the Board of Directors’ resolution. The subscription price is paid by way of contribution in kind by transferring to Sampo the title to 0.8 Topdanmark shares for each Offer Share issued. The subscription price is recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity and the share capital of Sampo is not increased.The Offer Shares are expected to be registered with the Finnish Trade Register on or about 16 September 2024. Following the registration of the Offer Shares  the total number of Sampo A shares will be 549 795 462. The Offer Shares issued represent approximately 8.76 per cent of all Sampo shares and approximately 8.75 per cent of the votes conferred by all Sampo shares immediately following the completion of the Share Issue. The Offer Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing Sampo A shares as of the date of registration with the Finnish Trade Register and in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. However  Offer Shares held in the joint custody account on behalf of certain Topdanmark inscription system shareholders (as further specified in the terms and conditions of the Share Issue) do not carry governance rights (including voting rights) in Sampo for as long as they remain in the joint custody account. The Offer Shares in the joint custody account shall otherwise benefit from and receive the economic rights attaching to Sampo A shares  including  without limitation  issuances of bonus shares  issuances of subscription rights in connection with a rights issue or otherwise  save where not possible under applicable mandatory laws and subject to general statutes of limitations. Any such rights will be claimed and exercisable in connection with transferring the Offer Shares from the joint custody account to the relevant segregated securities account.Trading in the Offer Shares is expected to commence on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on or about 17 September 2024. The first day of trading and official listing of the Sampo A shares (in the form of share entitlements)  including the Offer Shares  on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to be on or about 18 September 2024.The terms and conditions of the Share Issue are attached to this stock exchange release.Offer TimetableThe following timetable sets forth certain future key dates relating to the Offer:On or about 17 September 2024 Trading in the Sampo offer shares commences on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki On or about 18 September 2024 First day of trading and official listing of the Sampo A shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen 19 September 2024 Expected day for settlement of the Offer by way of exchange of Topdanmark shares for new Sampo A shares to accepting Topdanmark shareholders pursuant to the terms of the Offer (subject to change) 20 September 2024 Expected commencement of a four-week compulsory acquisition period 18 October 2024 at 23:59 (CEST) Expiry of the compulsory acquisition periodSettlementThe Offer will be settled in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer as set out in the offer document published by Sampo on 7 August 2024 (the “Offer Document”) by delivery of newly and validly issued  fully paid-up A shares in Sampo  delivered in the form of share entitlements.The full terms  conditions and essential elements  including settlement  of the Offer are set forth in the Offer Document  which can  subject to certain restrictions  be viewed and downloaded at www.sampo.com/topdanmark . Sampo reserves the right to acquire Topdanmark shares  regardless of the expiry of the offer period  in public trading on Nasdaq Copenhagen or otherwise.AdvisorsSampo is being advised by Goldman Sachs International as lead financial advisor  by Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland as financial advisor  by Plesner Advokatpartnerselskab and Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd as legal advisors  and by Skadden  Arps  Slate  Meagher & Flom LLP with respect to U.S. law.SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Media:Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeFIN-FSAThe principal mediawww.sampo.comMore information about the public exchange offer is available at www.sampo.com/topdanmark .Information on Topdanmark and Sampo in briefTopdanmark is one of the largest Danish P&C insurers with a market share of 15 per cent of the Danish P&C insurance market. The company focuses on the private and SME markets  with 500 000 private customers to which it offers a full range of insurance products  with its main products being motor  home  and contents insurance. In regard to SMEs  Topdanmark serves approximately 120 000 Danish small and medium-sized enterprises and agricultural customers.Topdanmark reported profit after taxes of DKK 1 051 million for 2023. The consolidated profit before taxes in Sampo’s profit and loss account totalled EUR 162 million in 2023. Topdanmark’s combined ratio for 2023 was 85.0 per cent in Sampo’s consolidated figures.Sampo Group is a leading P&C insurer in the Nordic region  and the only insurer to offer services across all Nordic countries  customer segments and products. The Group is also a major operator in the growing digital P&C insurance market in the UK.Sampo Group’s annual gross written premiums and brokerage income totalled EUR 8 870 million and the profit before taxes amounted to EUR 1 481 million in 2023. The Group’s combined ratio for the full-year 2023 was 84.6 per cent.Forward-looking statementsThis release includes “forward-looking statements.” These statements may not be based on historical facts but are statements about future expectations. When used in this release  the words “aims ” “anticipates ” “assumes ” “believes ” “could ” “estimates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “plans ” “should ” “will ” “would” and similar expressions as they relate to Sampo  Topdanmark or the Offer identify certain of these forward-looking statements. Other forward-looking statements can be identified in the context in which the statements are made. Forward-looking statements are set forth in a number of places in this release  including wherever this release includes information on the future results  plans and expectations with regard to  following completion of the Offer  the combined group’s business  including its strategic plans and plans on growth and profitability  and the general economic conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on present plans  estimates  projections and expectations and are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on certain expectations  which may turn out to be incorrect. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Shareholders should not rely on these forward-looking statements. Numerous factors may cause the actual results of operations or financial condition of  following completion of the Offer  the combined group to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Neither Sampo nor Topdanmark  nor any of their respective affiliates  advisors or representatives or any other person undertakes any obligation to review or confirm or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that arise after the date of this release.Important noticeTHIS ANNOUNCEMENT MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SOUTH AFRICA OR SINGAPORE OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS RELEASE IS NEITHER A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT NOR A PROSPECTUS AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SOUTH AFRICA OR SINGAPORE. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND A PROSPECTUS. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT  PROSPECTUS OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN DENMARK AND FINLAND.The Offer is not subject to the relevant rules in Chapter 8 of Danish Consolidated Act no. 198 of 26 February 2024 on capital markets (the “Danish Capital Markets Act”) and Danish Executive Order no. 636 dated 15 May 2020 on takeovers (the “Danish Takeover Order”). The Offer Document has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority or any other financial supervisory authority or by any stock exchange. This announcement is not a public takeover offer within the meaning of the Danish Capital Markets Act or within the meaning of the Danish Takeover Order.This announcement is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way  a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Topdanmark  Sampo or their respective subsidiaries.In any member state of the European Economic Area other than Denmark and Finland (each a “Relevant State”)  this announcement  including any attachments hereto  is only addressed to  and is only directed at the shareholders of Topdanmark in that Relevant State that fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus  including qualified investors  within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).This announcement  including any attachments hereto  has been prepared on the basis that all offers of the Share Consideration in the Offer in any Relevant State is made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of the Share Consideration. Accordingly  any person making or intending to make any offer within a Relevant State of Sampo shares may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for Sampo to produce a prospectus for such offer. Sampo has not authorised  and Sampo will not authorise  the making of any offer of Sampo shares through any financial intermediary  other than offers made by Sampo which constitute the final offer of the Share Consideration as contemplated through the Offer.The Share Consideration in the Offer has not been  and will not be  offered to the public in any Relevant State. Notwithstanding the foregoing  an offering of the Share Consideration offered in the Offer may be made in a Relevant State: (i) to any qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Relevant State (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation); (iii) to investors who acquire Sampo shares for a total consideration of at least EUR 100 000 per investor  for each separate offer; and (iv) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  subject to obtaining the prior consent of Sampo and provided that no such offer of the Share Consideration in a Relevant State shall result in a requirement for the publication by Sampo of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or a supplementary prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this paragraph  the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any Share Consideration in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the Offer as to enable an investor to decide to participate in the Offer.This announcement  including any attachments hereto has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the Share Consideration in the United Kingdom is made pursuant to an exemption under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended  the “FSMA”) from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of the Share Consideration. Accordingly  any person making or intending to make an offer in the United Kingdom of Sampo shares which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this announcement may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for Sampo to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  in each case  in relation to such offer. Sampo has not authorised  nor does it authorise  the making of any offer of the securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for Sampo to publish a prospectus for such offer.The Share Consideration in the Offer has not been  and will not be  offered to the public in the United Kingdom prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the Share Consideration that either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provisions in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019  except that an offering of the Share Consideration in the Offer may be made to the public in the United Kingdom at any time: (a) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; (b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation)  subject to obtaining the prior consent of Sampo for any such offer; or (c) in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA  provided that no such offer of the Share Consideration shall require Sampo to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this paragraph  the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any Share Consideration in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any Share Consideration to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to participate in the Offer  and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.In the United Kingdom  this release is only addressed to and directed at persons who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are high net worth entities or other persons falling within Article 49(2)(a)-(d) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (including on the basis that the transaction to which this release relates will fall within article 62 of the Order  to which the provisions of section 21 of the FSMA do not apply) (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this release relates is available only to Relevant Persons in the United Kingdom and will only be engaged with such persons.This release is not an offer of Share Consideration in the United States  and it is not intended for distribution in any jurisdiction in which such distribution would be prohibited by applicable law. The Share Consideration referred to in this release has not been  and will not be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”)  or the securities laws of any state of the United States (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act) and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States absent registration  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable state and other securities laws of the United States. This release does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any of the shares in the United States. Unless Sampo is satisfied  in its sole discretion  that offer consideration can be offered  sold or delivered to a U.S. shareholder  or for its account or benefit  in a transaction exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act  each U.S. shareholder who is otherwise entitled to Share Consideration will receive  in lieu of such Share Consideration  the pro rata portion of the net cash proceeds of the sale in the open market at the prevailing prices of all Share Consideration that would be otherwise due to all such accepting U.S. shareholders made pursuant to a vendor placement. The sale of Share Consideration pursuant to any vendor placement would occur after the settlement of any Offer  outside of the United States pursuant to a centralized sale process and will be subject to applicable fees and expenses to be paid by the participating U.S. shareholder. U.S. shareholders may be able to receive Share Consideration if they are qualified institutional investors (“QIBs”) (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act) and “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501 of the U.S. Securities Act. Such shareholders will be required to make such acknowledgments and representations to  and agreements with  Sampo as Sampo may require establishing that they are entitled to receive Share Consideration in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.The Offer is being made in the U.S. in reliance on the expected availability of the Tier II exemption pursuant to Rule 14d-1(d) of  and otherwise in compliance with Section 14(e) of  and Regulation 14E promulgated under  the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “U.S. Exchange Act”)  and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of Danish law. The Offer is not subject to Section 14(d)(1) of  or Regulation 14D promulgated under  the U.S. Exchange Act. Topdanmark is not currently subject to the periodic reporting requirements under the U.S. Exchange Act and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the SEC thereunder.The Offer and this release  including any attachments hereto  are subject to the laws of Denmark and Finland. The Offer relates to the securities of a Danish company and a Finnish company and is subject to the disclosure requirements applicable under Danish and Finnish law  if any  as applicable  which may be different in material aspects from those applicable in the United States  the United Kingdom  Canada or any other applicable jurisdiction.The Offer is made to shareholders of Topdanmark who are residing in the United States or Canada  or who are Relevant Persons residing in the United Kingdom  on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other Topdanmark shareholders to whom the Offer is made  other than with respect to the availability of the Share Consideration in a vendor placement approach. For the avoidance of doubt  the Offer does not extend to any other financial instruments issued by Topdanmark (including American depositary shares representing the Topdanmark Shares  nor for the American depositary receipts evidencing the Topdanmark Shares). Any information documents are being disseminated to Topdanmark shareholders who are resident in the United States or Canada  or who are Relevant Persons  on a basis reasonably comparable to the method that such documents are provided to the other Topdanmark shareholders.In addition  the procedures for the tender of Topdanmark shares and settlement of the Share Consideration due to each Topdanmark shareholder who accepts the Offer will be carried out in accordance with the rules applicable in Denmark and Finland  which may differ in material aspects from the rules and procedures applicable to a tender offer for the securities of a domestic company in the United States  Canada or the United Kingdom  in particular with respect to withdrawal rights  offer timetable  settlement procedures and the payment date of the securities.This announcement  including any attachments hereto  does not comprise a prospectus for the purposes of the U.K. Prospectus Regulation and has not been approved by or filed with the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.If Sampo obtains the requisite number of Topdanmark shares  each Topdanmark shareholder may have their Topdanmark shares compulsorily acquired under the compulsory purchase provisions of the Danish Companies Act.The Share Consideration will be issued to Canadian shareholders of Topdanmark pursuant to a prospectus exemption in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws. The Share Consideration has not  however  been qualified for distribution by way of a prospectus in Canada and no Canadian securities regulatory authority has expressed an opinion about the Share Consideration and it is an offence to claim otherwise. The Share Consideration has not been and will not be listed on a Canadian securities exchange and neither Sampo nor Topdanmark intends to take any action to facilitate a market in the Share Consideration in Canada. Canadian shareholders of Topdanmark should understand that the Offer  the Share Consideration  the Offer Document  the Prospectus and any related documents are subject to disclosure  laws and regulations that may be different from applicable Canadian securities laws.The distribution of this release may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Offer is not being made  and the Topdanmark shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of persons  in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the Offer Document and/or the Prospectus. Persons obtaining the Offer Document and/or the Prospectus and/or into whose possession the Offer Document and/or the Prospectus comes are required to take due note and observe all such restrictions and obtain any necessary authorisations  approvals or consents. Neither Sampo  Topdanmark nor any of their advisors accepts any liability for any violation by any person of any such restriction. Any person (including  without limitation  custodians  nominees and trustees) who intends to forward the Offer Document and/or the Prospectus or any related document to any jurisdiction outside Denmark or Finland should inform themselves of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction and should also carefully read the information contained in the Offer Document and/or the Prospectus  before taking any action. The distribution of the Offer Document and/or the Prospectus in jurisdictions other than Denmark and Finland may be restricted by law  and  therefore  persons who come into possession of the Offer Document and/or the Prospectus should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws and regulations of any such jurisdiction. This release is not directed to  and is not intended for distribution to or use by  any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality  state  province  country or other jurisdiction where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of all persons obtaining the Offer Document  the Prospectus  and/or other documents relating to the Offer Document or to the Offer or into whose possession such documents otherwise come  to inform themselves of and observe all such restrictions. Any recipient of the Offer Document or the Prospectus who is in any doubt in relation to these restrictions should consult his or her professional advisors in the relevant jurisdiction. Neither Sampo  Topdanmark nor the financial advisors to Sampo or Topdanmark accept or assume any responsibility or liability for any violation by any person whomsoever of any such restriction.Sampo is a Finnish company and Topdanmark is a Danish company. The transaction  including the information distributed in connection with the Offer  is subject to disclosure  timing and procedural requirements of a non-U.S. country  which are different from those of the United States. The financial information included or referred to in this release has been prepared in accordance with IFRS  which may not be comparable to the accounting standards  financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies or applicable in the United States or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.It may be difficult for U.S. shareholders of Topdanmark to enforce their rights and any claim they may have arising under U.S. federal or state securities laws  since Sampo and Topdanmark are not located in the United States  and all or some of their officers and directors are residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. It may be difficult to compel a foreign company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court’s judgment. U.S. shareholders of Topdanmark may not be able to sue Sampo or Topdanmark or their respective officers and directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of U.S. laws  including federal securities laws  or at the least it may prove to be difficult to evidence such claims. Further  it may be difficult to compel Sampo or Topdanmark and their affiliates to subject themselves to the jurisdiction of a U.S. court. In addition  there is substantial doubt as to the enforceability in a foreign country in original actions  or in actions for the enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts  based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws.This release does not constitute a notice to an extraordinary general meeting  an offer document  or a prospectus and as such  does not constitute or form part of and should not be construed as  an offer to sell  or the solicitation or invitation of any offer to buy  acquire or subscribe for  any securities or an inducement to enter into investment activity. Any decision with respect to the Offer should be made solely on the basis of information to be contained in the actual notices to the extraordinary general meetings of Sampo  the Offer Document  and the Prospectus  as well as on an independent analysis of the information contained therein. You should consult the Offer Document and the Prospectus  for more complete information about Sampo  Topdanmark  their respective subsidiaries  their respective securities and the Offer. No part of this release  nor the fact of its distribution  should form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with  any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever. The information contained in this release has not been independently verified. No representation  warranty or undertaking  expressed or implied  is made as to  and no reliance should be placed on  the fairness  accuracy  completeness or correctness of the information or the opinions contained herein. Neither Sampo nor Topdanmark  nor any of their respective affiliates  advisors or representatives or any other person  shall have any liability whatsoever (in negligence or otherwise) for any loss however arising from any use of this release or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with this release. Each person must rely on their own examination and analysis of Sampo  Topdanmark  their respective securities and the Offer  including the merits and risks involved. The transaction may have tax consequences for Topdanmark shareholders  who should seek their own tax advice. The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. shareholder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each Topdanmark shareholder is urged to consult his independent professional adviser immediately regarding the tax consequences with respect to the Offer. Topdanmark shareholders who are resident in or otherwise located in the United States (or persons acting as agent  nominee custodian  trustee or otherwise for or on behalf of shareholders resident in or otherwise located in the United States) are encouraged to consult with their legal  financial and other advisors regarding the Offer. In accordance with normal Danish practice and subject to the requirements of Danish and Finnish law  Sampo or any entity acting in concert with Sampo and any of their respective nominees or brokers (acting as agents or in a similar capacity)  may from time to time make certain purchases of  or arrangements to purchase  Topdanmark shares or securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Topdanmark shares outside the Offer  before or during the period in which the Offer remains open for acceptance. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  in each case  to the extent permissible under law (including Rule 14e-5(b)(12) under the U.S. Exchange Act). Any information about such purchases will be announced through Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and/or Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and publicly disclosed in the United States  as applicable  relevant electronic media if  and to the extent  such announcement is required under applicable Danish  Finnish and/or U.S. law  rules or regulations. In addition  in the ordinary course of business  the financial advisors to Sampo  any entity acting in concert with Sampo  or Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland as settlement agent  and their respective affiliates  may make or hold a broad array of investments including serving as counterparties to certain derivative and hedging arrangements and actively trade debt and equity financial instruments (or related derivative financial instruments) and other types of financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers  and such investment and financial instrument activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Topdanmark.The new A shares in Sampo have not been and will not be listed on a U.S. securities exchange or quoted on any inter-dealer quotation system in the United States. Neither Sampo nor Topdanmark intends to take any action to facilitate a market in the new shares in Sampo in the United States.The new A shares in Sampo have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  any state securities commission in the United States or any other regulatory authority in the United States  nor have any of the foregoing authorities approved or disapproved the Offer  passed comment upon  or endorsed the merit of  the Offer or the accuracy or the adequacy of the disclosure in relation to the Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.Completion of the Offer is subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions which is more fully described in the Offer Document and the Prospectus.DisclaimerGoldman Sachs International is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. Goldman Sachs International is providing financial advice on certain local matters to Sampo outside of the United States  and no one else in connection with the matters referred to herein  and neither Goldman Sachs International nor its affiliates  respective partners  directors  officers  employees or agents will be responsible to anyone other than Sampo for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this announcement.Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland is advising Sampo on the transaction outside the United States and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than Sampo for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Offer or any other matter or arrangement referred to in this announcement.Carnegie Investment Bank is acting exclusively for Topdanmark in connection with the Offer and for no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than Topdanmark for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this announcement.Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['new Sampo A shares', 'Sampo plc', 'Topdanmark shareholders', 'exchange offer', 'issuance', 'connection', 'Sampo shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'efficient Nordic operating model', 'last full trading day', 'P&C Insurance Ltd', 'Sampo shareholders’ pre-emptive rights', 'existing Sampo A shares', 'new Sampo A shares', 'final public exchange offer', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'P&C operations', 'pan-Nordic business organisation', 'complementary business models', 'leading digital capabilities', 'significant potential synergies', 'weighty financial reason', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Finnish Trade Register', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'continued operational excellence', 'Topdanmark treasury shares', 'The Offer Shares', 'directed share issue', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'full advantage', 'subscription price', 'Sampo shares', 'final result', 'Topdanmark shareholders', 'underwriting excellence', 'outstanding shares', 'Topdanmark shares', 'Sampo Group', '1.25 Offer Shares', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'combined group', 'advanced pricing', 'risk management', 'productivity improvements', 'closing price', 'unrestricted equity', 'total number', '8.76 per cent', '8.75 per cent', 'book-entry system', 'joint custody', 'share capital', 'Topdanmark A/S', 'future growth', 'share consideration', 'distribution channels', 'following integration', 'Directors’ resolution', 'September', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'issuance', 'connection', 'Board', 'deviation', 'best', 'exception', 'terms', 'conditions', 'subscriptions', 'accordance', 'authorisation', '9 July', 'subscribing', 'transfer', 'title', 'completion', 'opportunities', 'cross-selling', 'addition', 'diversification', 'combination', 'skills', 'areas', 'execution', 'strategy', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'way', 'contribution', 'kind', 'reserve', 'registration', 'votes', 'passu', 'respects', 'date', '8:35']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45395,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.defensemirror.com/news/37697/EU_Allocates_First____1_4B_from_Frozen_Russian_Assets_for_Ukraine_s_Air_Defense_Systems__Ammo,EU Allocates First €1.4B from Frozen Russian Assets for Ukraine's Air Defense Systems  Ammo,The European Union has allocated €1.4 billion from frozen Russian sovereign assets to fund military aid for Ukraine  primarily for air defense systems and ammunition.,Ukrainian militaryThe European Union has allocated €1.4 billion from frozen Russian sovereign assets to fund military aid for Ukraine  primarily for air defense systems and ammunition.This was announced by European Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis during a meeting of the European Parliament. Dombrovskis confirmed that €1.4 billion  derived from the immobilized Russian assets  has been transferred through the European Peace Fund to cover essential military supplies  including artillery shells and air defense systems. The EU expects the majority of these deliveries to be completed by the end of 2024.This follows an earlier statement by EU Foreign Minister Josep Borrell in late August  in which he confirmed that the EU had transferred the first €1.4 billion to support Ukraine's defense efforts. In response  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov condemned the EU's actions  labeling them as theft and warning of potential legal consequences.The freezing of Russian assets came after the start of Russia’s military operation in Ukraine. Since then  the EU and the G7 countries have frozen around €300 billion of Russia’s foreign currency reserves  with more than €200 billion held within EU institutions  primarily in Belgium's Euroclear  one of the largest clearing and settlement systems globally.The European Union and its member states have provided €118 billion in aid to Ukraine since Russia's military operation began  with nearly one-third (€43.5 billion) allocated for military support  according to European Commission Deputy Head Valdis Dombrovskis.The Pentagon reported spending $5.3 billion since 2022 to boost weapons production for Ukraine. U.S. production has risen from 14 400 155mm shells  21 Patriot missile systems  and five HIMARS systems per month to 40 000 shells  eight HIMARS  and 42 Patriot systems per month.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Frozen Russian Assets', 'Air Defense Systems', 'EU', 'Ukraine', 'Ammo', 'European Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis', 'EU Foreign Minister Josep Borrell', 'foreign currency reserves', 'European Peace Fund', 'potential legal consequences', 'The European Union', 'U.S. production', 'air defense systems', 'essential military supplies', '21 Patriot missile systems', 'five HIMARS systems', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'European Parliament', '42 Patriot systems', 'Russian assets', 'defense efforts', 'settlement systems', 'The Pentagon', 'weapons production', 'eight HIMARS', 'Ukrainian military', 'military operation', 'military support', 'earlier statement', 'late August', 'Kremlin spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'G7 countries', 'EU institutions', 'largest clearing', 'member states', 'Deputy Head', 'artillery shells', '14,400 155mm shells', 'military aid', '40,000 shells', 'Ukraine', 'ammunition', 'meeting', 'majority', 'deliveries', 'end', 'first €', 'response', 'actions', 'theft', 'warning', 'freezing', 'start', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', 'one-third', 'month']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,defensemirror.com
45396,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.livemint.com/news/world/korea-hopeful-of-bond-index-entry-even-as-banks-are-skeptical-11726534318042.html,Korea Hopeful of Bond Index Entry Even as Banks Are Skeptical,South Korea is “positively expecting” the country’s bonds to be included in a key global debt index next month  a senior government official says  even as some major banks say it’s unlikely to happen this time around.,South Korea is “positively expecting” the country’s bonds to be included in a key global debt index next month  a senior government official says  even as some major banks say it’s unlikely to happen this time around.The nation has put necessary systems in place since being added to a watchlist for potential inclusion in FTSE Russell’s World Government Bond Index two years ago  and is ready to make additional adjustments based on investor feedback  Vice Finance Minister Kim Beom-seok said in an interview in Hong Kong.Kim made the comments as he and his team make a final pitch to investors before the Oct. 8 decision  meeting about 10 global banks over two days.Goldman Sachs Group Inc. has predicted Korean bonds will only be added to the FTSE index in 2025  citing procedural issues raised by investors  while Nomura Holdings Inc. also sees the risk of a delay. Their projections clash with Korean policymakers’ optimism that efforts to reform the capital market  including an extension of currency-trading hours and a deal with Euroclear Bank SA to open an omnibus account  will help sway the Oct. 8 announcement.The “actual take-up of investors settling on Euroclear has been fairly light as investors have to acquire a tax waiver” from authorities  Goldman analysts wrote in a report this month.Kim said the government doesn’t require a waiver or approval for tax exemption on Euroclear trades  and investor demand is likely to to improve following any WGBI inclusion.There were just 26 buying and selling transaction of Korean bonds by offshore traders through Euroclear from July 1 to Aug. 28  according to numbers provided by the ministry. There were also 3 455 trades using Korean debt as collateral.Korea has been pushing for inclusion in the FTSE index as part of broader efforts to woo global investors and upgrade its capital market. Despite being Asia’s fourth-largest economy  Korean markets have been seen as lacking appeal due to limited onshore currency trading hours and a cumbersome investor-registration process. The government has addressed both issues in recent years.In March  FTSE Russell kept Korea on the WGBI watchlist  while acknowledging “meaningful progress” in improving market accessibility. The country is also seeking to get an upgrade to developed-market status by MSCI Inc. for its equities.Kim said the government is willing to make the won tradeable 24 hours if there’s investor demand  while noting that the increase of trading hours in July drew only limited liquidity for the after-hours session.“It’s a bit difficult to say there’s meaningful pricing and trading going on there  so we can’t say when we will start around-the-clock trading ” he said.Bloomberg LP  the parent company of Bloomberg News  also offers index products for various asset classes through Bloomberg Index Services Ltd.In other key comments from the interview  Kim said:With assistance from Catherine Bosley.,neutral,0.17,0.66,0.17,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Bond Index Entry', 'Korea', 'Banks', 'Vice Finance Minister Kim Beom-seok', 'limited onshore currency trading hours', 'Goldman Sachs Group Inc.', 'Bloomberg Index Services Ltd', 'World Government Bond Index', 'key global debt index', 'Nomura Holdings Inc.', 'cumbersome investor-registration process', 'various asset classes', 'other key comments', 'senior government official', 'Euroclear Bank SA', 'limited liquidity', 'FTSE index', 'Goldman analysts', 'Korean debt', 'MSCI Inc.', 'index products', 'currency-trading hours', 'hours session', '10 global banks', 'Bloomberg LP', 'Bloomberg News', 'major banks', 'necessary systems', 'FTSE Russell', 'additional adjustments', 'investor feedback', 'Hong Kong', 'final pitch', 'Oct. 8 decision', 'two days', 'capital market', 'omnibus account', 'Oct. 8 announcement', 'actual take-up', 'tax exemption', 'investor demand', 'selling transaction', 'offshore traders', 'largest economy', 'Korean markets', 'recent years', 'meaningful progress', 'market accessibility', 'market status', 'meaningful pricing', 'parent company', 'Catherine Bosley', 'global investors', 'potential inclusion', 'Korean bonds', 'WGBI inclusion', 'procedural issues', 'tax waiver', 'broader efforts', 'WGBI watchlist', 'South Korea', 'Euroclear trades', '3,455 trades', 'country', 'nation', 'place', 'interview', 'team', 'risk', 'delay', 'projections', 'optimism', 'extension', 'deal', 'authorities', 'report', 'approval', '26 buying', 'July', 'Aug.', 'numbers', 'ministry', 'collateral', 'part', 'Asia', 'fourth', 'appeal', 'March', 'upgrade', 'equities', 'increase', 'clock', 'assistance']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,livemint.com
45397,Euroclear,Bing API,https://english.nv.ua/business/eu-to-provide-up-to-40-billion-in-loans-to-ukraine-as-g7-plan-on-russian-assets-falls-through-50451449.html,Up to €40 billion in loans for Ukraine after G7 plan to use Russian assets falters,The European Union is preparing to provide Ukraine with up to €40 billion in new loans by the end of the year  regardless of U.S. involvement  after a G7 plan to use frozen Russian assets to aid Kyiv fell through ,"Up to €40 billion in loans for Ukraine after G7 plan to use Russian assets falters 17 September  11:52 AM The EU is preparing to provide Ukraine with up to €40 billion in new loans by the end of the year  regardless of U.S. involvement (Photo:European Parliament/Facebook)The European Union is preparing to provide Ukraine with up to €40 billion in new loans by the end of the year  regardless of U.S. involvement  after a G7 plan to use frozen Russian assets to aid Kyiv fell through  Financial Times reported on Sep. 16.The European Union is preparing to provide Ukraine with up to €40 billion in new loans by the end of the year  regardless of U.S. involvement  after a G7 plan to use frozen Russian assets to aid Kyiv fell through.According to Financial Times  the EU’s unilateral push comes amid concerns that Hungary may block the guarantees needed for U.S. participation in the frozen assets scheme.Video of day“Brussels will have to start working on any alternative within the next few weeks  as such a move depends on powers that expire at the end of the year. The funds are intended to support Ukraine's financial stability  which  according to Kyiv and the IMF  will face a $38 billion funding gap in 2025. The country relies on foreign aid to keep functioning  especially as Russia intensifies attacks on its infrastructure ” the article stated.The report also added  “According to a draft legal proposal seen by FT  the EU will raise an unspecified amount of billions in loans for Ukraine by the end of 2024. This move  which expands the existing aid program  would only require majority support  bypassing Hungary’s veto. The final amount is expected to range from €20 to €40 billion  as decided by the European Commission after consultations with member states.”In June 2024  G7 leaders had agreed to provide Ukraine with a $50 billion loan  to be repaid using future proceeds from approximately €260 billion in frozen Russian foreign exchange reserves  most of which are held at Euroclear  the Belgian securities depository. Under the plan  the EU and U.S. would each cover around $20 billion  while the remaining $10 billion would be split between the U.K.  Japan  and Canada. However  the U.S. demanded guarantees to ensure the frozen Russian assets  most located in Europe  would remain frozen to secure a stable revenue stream to service the loan. In response  the European Commission proposed extending the EU's asset-blocking sanctions from the current six-month period to 36 months for greater legal certainty. Other options include extending sanctions for five years.Ukraine's responseUkrainian lawmaker Yaroslav Zhelezniak commented on the situation on Telegram: ""This is bad. Better than nothing  and it's good we have a Plan B. But we were counting on a $50 billion grant from the proceeds of Russian assets  which would have given us funds to freely use  including for military expenses. Now we're talking about loans  which add to our debt burden  and since these are EU funds  how we can use them remains unclear. It seems part of the money will go toward their military procurement for us  not directly to Ukraine's budget. The reason: Orbán is blocking the mechanism until the U.S. elections  and maybe even longer... I’ll remind everyone that our budget gap next year is $38.4 billion  and only $15 billion has been confirmed... Covering this $23.4 billion gap without the G7 grant will be extremely difficult.”G7 plans for frozen Russian assetsFor several months  Ukraine's Western allies have discussed how to use proceeds from approximately $280 billion in frozen assets from Russia’s central bank  most of which are held in Europe. The revenue from these assets is estimated at €3 to €5 billion per year.At the end of May 2024  U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen suggested that G7 countries could provide Ukraine with a multi-billion-dollar loan  using interest earned on $300 billion in frozen Russian state assets.In early June 2024  U.S. Assistant Treasury Secretary for International Finance Brent Neiman stated that Washington  along with G7 partners  was making progress in providing Ukraine with aid funded by profits from Russian assets.Read also: EU to send frozen Russian assets to Ukraine in coming weeksReuters reported that the U.S. was urging the U.K.  Canada  France  Germany  Italy  and Japan to provide Ukraine with a loan secured by income from frozen assets  amounting to up to $50 billion in the short term.On June 12  the Élysée Palace confirmed that G7 leaders had reached an agreement to provide Ukraine with $50 billion from frozen Russian assets.Will you support Ukraine’s free press? Dear reader  as all news organizations  we must balance the pressures of delivering timely  accurate  and relevant stories with requirements to fund our business operations. As a Ukrainian-based media  we also have another responsibility – to amplify Ukraine’s voice to the world during the crucial moment of its existence as a political nation. It’s the support of our readers that lets us continue doing our job. We keep our essential reporting free because we believe in our ultimate purpose: an independent  democratic Ukraine. If you’re willing to support Ukraine  consider subscribing to our Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Please help us continue fighting Russian propaganda. Truth can be hard to tell from fiction these days. Every viewpoint has its audience of backers and supporters  no matter how absurd. If conscious disinformation is reinforced by state propaganda apparatus and budget  its outcomes may become deadly. There is no solution to this  other than independent  honest  and accurate reporting. We remain committed to empowering the Ukrainian voice to push against the muck. If you’re willing to stand up for the truth – consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. Thank you very much.Will you help tell Ukraine’s story to the world? Twenty years ago  most people hadn’t even heard of Ukraine. Today  the country is on everyone’s lips and everyone’s headlines. War pushed us on the front page. But there are many other things we do that we are proud of – from music and culture to technology. We need your help to tell the world Ukrainian story of resilience  joy  and survival. If you’re willing to back our effort  consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Follow us on Twitter  Facebook and Google News",negative,0.0,0.37,0.62,mixed,0.21,0.24,0.55,True,English,"['Russian assets falters', 'G7 plan', 'loans', 'Ukraine', 'U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'U.S. Assistant Treasury Secretary', 'Russian foreign exchange reserves', 'U.S. involvement', 'U.S. participation', 'U.S. elections', 'draft legal proposal', 'Belgian securities depository', 'current six-month period', 'greater legal certainty', 'Élysée Palace', 'The European Union', 'existing aid program', 'stable revenue stream', 'Russian state assets', 'Russian assets falters', 'frozen assets scheme', '$38 billion funding gap', 'frozen Russian assets', 'foreign aid', 'U.K.', '$23.4 billion gap', 'European Parliament', 'European Commission', '$50 billion grant', 'Financial Times', 'unilateral push', 'financial stability', 'unspecified amount', 'final amount', 'member states', 'G7 leaders', 'Other options', 'five years', 'Ukrainian lawmaker', 'Yaroslav Zhelezniak', 'military expenses', 'debt burden', 'military procurement', 'Orbán', 'G7 grant', 'G7 plans', 'Western allies', 'central bank', 'G7 countries', 'International Finance', 'Brent Neiman', 'G7 partners', 'short term', 'free press', 'Dear reader', 'news organizations', 'relevant stories', 'business operations', 'Ukrainian-based media', 'crucial moment', 'political nation', 'budget gap', 'Plan B', '$50 billion loan', 'new loans', 'majority support', 'asset-blocking sanctions', 'several months', 'multi-billion-dollar loan', 'coming weeks', 'future proceeds', 'early June', 'EU funds', '36 months', 'Ukraine', 'end', 'Photo', 'Facebook', 'Kyiv', 'Sep.', 'concerns', 'Hungary', 'guarantees', 'Video', 'day', 'Brussels', 'alternative', 'next', 'move', 'powers', 'IMF', 'country', 'attacks', 'infrastructure', 'article', 'report', 'billions', 'veto', 'consultations', 'Euroclear', 'Japan', 'Canada', 'response', 'situation', 'Telegram', 'money', 'reason', 'mechanism', 'everyone', 'May', 'interest', 'Washington', 'progress', 'profits', 'Reuters', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'income', 'agreement', 'pressures', 'requirements', 'responsibility', 'voice', 'world', 'existence', 'readers', 'job', 'essentia']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,english.nv.ua
45398,Euroclear,Bing API,https://eadaily.com/en/news/2024/09/17/the-european-union-has-prepared-an-alternative-plan-to-help-ukraine-at-the-expense-of-russia,The European Union has prepared an alternative plan to help Ukraine at the expense of Russia — EADaily  September 17th  2024 — Politics  Ukraine,According to the newspaper  the management The EU is concerned that Hungary may prevent the bloc from providing the guarantees that Washington demands from Brussels. Therefore  the authorities are working on a new plan that will require the support of the majority of,"The European Union is preparing an alternative plan to provide Ukraine with a loan at the expense of profits from frozen Russian assets  the Financial Times reports  citing three officials. It implies the allocation of from € 20 billion to € 40 billion to Kiev  regardless of the participation of the United States  the final amount will be set by the European Commission after consultations with the countries of the bloc.According to the newspaper  the management The EU is concerned that Hungary may prevent the bloc from providing the guarantees that Washington demands from Brussels. Therefore  the authorities are working on a new plan that will require the support of the majority of countries  and not unanimous approval  which will deprive Budapest of the right of veto.""It is urgently necessary to accept proposals before the end of October in order to get a loan The EU could be unblocked until the end of 2024 for future payments in tranches "" the proposal says.It is noted that Brussels can attract several billion euros in loans. Such a plan will be considered an extension of the existing EU financial support package  which expires at the end of the year. We need to start working on it in the coming weeks in order to remove legal obstacles.""We can always act on our own "" said an unnamed European official.FT notes at the same time that the EU still considers the scheme approved in June  when the G7 countries agreed to provide Ukraine with a $50 billion loan  to be ""Plan A"". It is assumed that the loan will be repaid at the expense of future profits from Russian assets worth about $ 280 billion (€ 260 billion)  which were frozen in the West as part of sanctions due to military operations in Ukraine. Ukraine. Most of the funds are held in Euroclear  the European central depository in Belgium. The EU and the US should each provide $ 20 billion  and the remaining $10 billion should be provided by the UK  Japan and Canada.Washington demands guarantees from Brussels that Russian assets frozen in the EU will remain intact in order to ""ensure a stable inflow of income to service the loan."" The European Commission has proposed to extend the validity of sanctions related to Russian assets from six months to 36 (now restrictions are extended every six months). Other proposed options include the extension of sanctions for five years.However  the idea is blocked by Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban  who in the past vetoed decisions on EU support for Ukraine  sources told FT. According to the newspaper  a representative of the Hungarian government informed the EU ambassadors that this issue should be postponed and considered after the US elections  which will be held in November.The Russian authorities call the transfer of income from assets to help Ukraine theft.""These are illegal actions. They will definitely have legal consequences "" promised presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov.The Russian Foreign Ministry also threatened sensitive consequences to the ""collective West "" RBC said.",neutral,0.08,0.92,0.01,negative,0.0,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['The European Union', 'alternative plan', 'Ukraine', 'expense', 'Russia', 'Politics', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'existing EU financial support package', 'The Russian Foreign Ministry', 'Financial Times reports', 'Other proposed options', 'unnamed European official', 'European central depository', 'several billion euros', 'The European Union', 'The European Commission', 'Hungarian government', 'EU support', 'Russian assets', 'three officials', 'United States', 'final amount', 'unanimous approval', 'future payments', 'coming weeks', 'legal obstacles', 'same time', 'military operations', 'stable inflow', 'six months', 'five years', 'illegal actions', 'legal consequences', 'presidential spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'sensitive consequences', 'EU ambassadors', 'Russian authorities', 'alternative plan', 'new plan', 'Plan A', '$50 billion loan', 'future profits', 'US elections', 'collective West', 'G7 countries', 'Ukraine theft', 'expense', 'allocation', 'Kiev', 'participation', 'consultations', 'bloc', 'newspaper', 'management', 'Hungary', 'guarantees', 'Washington', 'Brussels', 'majority', 'Budapest', 'right', 'veto', 'proposals', 'end', 'October', 'order', 'tranches', 'loans', 'extension', 'scheme', 'June', 'sanctions', 'funds', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'Japan', 'Canada', 'income', 'validity', 'restrictions', 'idea', 'past', 'decisions', 'sources', 'representative', 'issue', 'November', 'transfer', 'RBC']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,eadaily.com
45399,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.theregister.com/2024/09/16/asian_tech_news_in_brief/,Plunging printer sales see Japan's Ricoh plan 2 000 redundancies,Plus: Superapps in trouble across Asia; Indonesia connectivity doubles; Alibaba turns 25; and more! ASIA IN BRIEF  Japanese imaging device manufacturer Ricoh last week announced plans to cut 2 000.…,"ASIA IN BRIEF Japanese imaging device manufacturer Ricoh last week announced plans to cut 2 000.The biz described [PDF] the plan as a ""Career Support Program.""""The Company recognize[s] its biggest challenge is to improve profitability "" states the announcement of the Program.Ricoh is reforming its business in four ways  led by a push into office services. ""Acceleration of the strategic selection and concentration of its business areas"" is another  and reforming its head office is also on the agenda.""Transformation of the Office Printing business structure"" is the last on the list  and has been commenced by spinning out its printer business into a joint venture with Toshiba Tec named Etria.This ""Career Support Program"" will reportedly see workers from office equipment sales and maintenance teams let go  and result in a 16 billion yen ($112 million) restructuring charge.Ricoh is not alone in struggling to print money with its printers: HP recently admitted the number of printed pages it records has fallen 20 percent since the COVID-19 pandemic. Before the pandemic  analyst firm IDC had found print volumes down by 14 percent. – Simon SharwoodInternet usage in Indonesia doubles in a decadeOver the past decade  internet usage in Indonesia surged from 34.9 percent to 79.5 percent  bringing 221 million people in the nation online  an official from the Ministry of Communication and Informatics revealed last week.""In 2015 there were 122 districts left behind out of a total of 514 districts in Indonesia. However  in the second period of president Joko Widodo's administration  the number of underdeveloped districts decreased to 62 districts "" stated director of the Telecommunication and Information Accessibility Agency (BAKTI) Fadhilah Mathar.Agoda under investigation in KoreaSouth Korea's media regulator  the Korea Communications Commission (KCC)  last Thursday announced an investigation into online travel agency Agoda. According to local media  the investigation focuses on Agoda's reservation and refund system – which its users find confusing.The Korea Consumer Agency received 324 requests for damage relief in connection with the platform last year. If found in violation of laws  the business could receive a fine worth one percent of its yearly revenue.Agoda has had years of similar strife – in Korea  Australia  and elsewhere.Trust market forces  Jack Ma tells Alibaba staffAlibaba founder Jack Ma last week celebrated the 25th anniversary of the web giant's founding by sending a memo to employees urging them to trust market forces  reported The Wall Street Journal.""Many of Alibaba's businesses face challenges and the possibility of being surpassed  but that's to be expected as no single company can stay at the top forever in any industry "" Ma reportedly wrote  before he praised competition's role in making the business stronger.The sprawling corporation spent the last three years under monitoring and evaluation by Beijing for monopolistic practices  finally being cleared from additional requirements.On Thursday  its fintech arm  Ant Group  reportedly revealed that it was refinancing its $6.5 billion credit line to expand international operations.According to Bloomberg  $1.5 billion of the borrowing quota will be allocated to its overseas business.Alibaba was once China's e-commerce leader  but was overtaken by Pinduoduo in 2023  according to market intelligence firm Momentum Asia.Superapps hit offshore snagsSingapore-based superapp Grab is under investigation in the Philippines after a woman who booked a car through its services was allegedly robbed and sexually assaulted.A Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board officer warned the agency could suspend Grab's operations in the nation for up to 30 days if it is found negligent  according to the Philippine News Agency (PNA) – the official newswire service of the Philippine government.Grab could also face fines and possible sanctions.Fellow regional ride-hailing app  Indonesia's Gojek  is set to shut down operations in Vietnam this week.The app  which is the core unit of the GoTo Group  has struggled to make headway in the food delivery market  winning just three percent market share. Grab has 47 percent of the market  according to Nikkei Asia.Meanwhile  the chief executive of troubled e-commerce platform TMON  Ryu Kwang-jin  revealed he is in merger talks and plans to resume operations next month.Ryu reportedly stated the business was in talks with two companies for the M&A deal.TMON and its sibling company WeMake Price faced a liquidity crisis that resulted in delayed payments to vendors – causing the South Korean government to create a $445 million bailout fund.TMON was founded and is currently based in Seoul  South Korea. However  in 2021  it was acquired by Singapore-based e-commerce outfit Qoo10.APAC DealbookRecent alliances and deals spotted by The Register across the region last week include:Hybrid cloud platform vendor Nutanix claimed its product has halved the IT energy demands faced by New Zealand's University of Waikato. The university transitioned from managing its own datacenter to using Nutanix in early 2024.Indian IT consulting firm Infosys announced on Wednesday its collaboration with Clearstream  the post-trade services art of Deutsche Börse  to enhance its D7 platform. The upgraded platform aims to streamline and accelerate the digital issuance process for securities.South Korean battery manufacturer Samsung SDI stated last week in a regulatory filing that it will sell its polarizing film business to China's Wuxi Hengxin Optoelectronic Materials for 1.12 trillion won ($836.47 million). Samsung SDI expects the divestment to allow it to concentrate on materials for semiconductors  OLEDs  and batteries to enhance competitiveness and create synergies with its battery business.Tokyo Electron (TEL) and Tata Electronics revealed the signing a of a memorandum of understanding that will see the pair collaborate on developing India's semiconductor ecosystem by accelerating the construction of India's first semiconductor manufacturing plant in Dorela  Gujarat. An assembly and test plant in is also on the agenda.®",neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['Plunging printer sales', 'Ricoh plan', 'Japan', '2,000 redundancies', 'Japanese imaging device manufacturer Ricoh', 'A Land Transportation Franchising', 'The Wall Street Journal', 'Hybrid cloud platform vendor', 'Fellow regional ride-hailing app', 'Office Printing business structure', 'The Korea Consumer Agency', 'Alibaba founder Jack Ma', 'three percent market share', 'M&A deal', 'Jack Ma tells', 'president Joko Widodo', 'Regulatory Board officer', 'up to 30 days', 'Singapore-based e-commerce outfit', 'IT energy demands', 'Information Accessibility Agency', 'online travel agency', 'office equipment sales', '$112 million) restructuring charge', 'food delivery market', 'troubled e-commerce platform', '$445 million bailout fund', 'last three years', '$6.5 billion credit line', 'Career Support Program', 'Philippine News Agency', 'Korea Communications Commission', 'Trust market forces', 'market intelligence firm', 'official newswire service', 'South Korean government', 'Singapore-based superapp Grab', 'The Register', 'Philippine government', 'head office', '221 million people', '16 billion yen', 'analyst firm', 'office services', 'biggest challenge', 'four ways', 'strategic selection', 'joint venture', 'maintenance teams', 'print volumes', 'Simon Sharwood', 'Internet usage', 'second period', 'Fadhilah Mathar', 'media regulator', 'local media', 'refund system', 'damage relief', 'fine worth', 'yearly revenue', 'similar strife', 'Alibaba staff', '25th anniversary', 'web giant', 'sprawling corporation', 'monopolistic practices', 'additional requirements', 'fintech arm', 'Ant Group', 'borrowing quota', 'offshore snags', 'possible sanctions', 'core unit', 'GoTo Group', 'chief executive', 'two companies', 'WeMake Price', 'liquidity crisis', 'APAC Dealbook', 'Recent alliances', 'New Zealand', 'business areas', 'printer business', 'overseas business', 'one percent', 'single company', 'Momentum Asia', 'Nikkei Asia', 'sibling company', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'past decade', 'Ryu Kwang-jin', 'merger talks', 'underdeveloped districts', 'international operations', '14 percent', '34.9 percent', '79.5 percent', '47 percent', '122 districts', '514 districts', '62 districts', 'BRIEF', 'plans', 'biz', 'profitability', 'announcement', 'push', 'Acceleration', 'concentration', 'agenda', 'Transformation', 'Toshiba', 'workers', 'money', 'printers', 'HP', 'number', 'printed', 'pages', 'IDC', 'Indonesia', 'Ministry', 'Informatics', 'total', 'administration', 'director', 'Telecommunication', 'BAKTI', 'Agoda', 'investigation', 'KCC', 'reservation', 'users', '324 requests', 'connection', 'violation', 'laws', 'Australia', 'founding', 'memo', 'employees', 'businesses', 'challenges', 'possibility', 'top', 'industry', 'competition', 'role', 'monitoring', 'evaluation', 'Beijing', 'Thursday', 'Bloomberg', 'China', 'Pinduoduo', 'Superapps', 'Philippines', 'woman', 'PNA', 'fines', 'Gojek', 'Vietnam', 'headway', 'TMON', 'payments', 'vendors', 'Seoul', 'Qoo10.', 'deals', 'Nutanix', 'product']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,theregister.com
45400,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/adhoc/EQS-Adhoc-DFV-Deutsche-Familienversicherung-AG-decides-to-delist-from-the-Frankfurt-Stock-Exchange-n17533760.html,EQS-Adhoc: DFV Deutsche Familienversicherung AG decides to delist from the Frankfurt Stock Exchange,17:04 EQS-WpÜG: Übernahmeange. 16:30 EQS-Adhoc: Gateway Real . 16:30 EQS-Adhoc: Gateway Real . 15:40 EQS-Adhoc: Viromed Medica. 15:40 EQS-Adhoc: Viromed Medica. 13: ...,EQS-Ad-hoc: DFV Deutsche Familienversicherung AG / Key word(s): DelistingDFV Deutsche Familienversicherung AG decides to delist from the Frankfurt Stock Exchange17-Sep-2024 / 17:08 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Frankfurt/Main  17. September 2024 – Today  the Management Board of DFV Deutsche Familienversicherung AG  Frankfurt/Main  (ISIN DE000A2NBVD5  the “Company”)  decided to apply for the revocation of the admission of its shares to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) (“Delisting”) and in this context to enter into a delisting agreement with Haron Holding S.A. (“Haron Holding”)  Luxembourg.In order to facilitate the Delisting  the Company and Haron Holding have entered into a delisting agreement today. In the delisting agreement  Haron Holding has undertaken to offer the shareholders of the Company by way of a voluntary public takeover and delisting offer to acquire all shares of the Company  against payment of a cash consideration expected to amount to Euro 6.60. Should the minimum price  as determined by statutory provisions and communicated by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (“BaFin”) exceed this expected offer price  the final offer price will correspond to the minimum price stipulated by BaFin. This price may be higher than the expected offer price.Contact :DFV Deutsche Familienversicherung AGContact person: Lutz KiesewetterReuterweg 4760323 Frankfurt am Main  DeutschlandPhone: +49 (0)69 74 30 46 396E-mail: ir@deutsche-familienversicherung.de,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['DFV Deutsche Familienversicherung AG', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority', 'DFV Deutsche Familienversicherung AG', 'Haron Holding S.A.', 'Key word(s', 'EQS Group AG', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse', 'voluntary public takeover', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'final offer price', 'EQS News', 'inside information', 'Management Board', 'ISIN DE000A2NBVD', 'cash consideration', 'minimum price', 'statutory provisions', 'Lutz Kiesewetter', 'delisting offer', 'delisting agreement', 'Contact person', 'Sep', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'MAR', 'Regulation', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Frankfurt/Main', 'Company', 'revocation', 'admission', 'shares', 'context', 'Luxembourg', 'order', 'shareholders', 'way', 'payment', 'BaFin', 'Reuterweg', 'Deutschland', 'Phone', 'mail', 'ir', 'deutsche-familienversicherung', '69']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,stock-world.de
45401,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://cryptonews.com/news/deutsche-digital-assets-launches-bitcoin-etp-on-euronext/,Deutsche Digital Assets Launches Macro-Adjusted Bitcoin ETP on Euronext,Deutsche Digital Assets launches a dynamic Bitcoin ETP on Euronext Paris to manage volatility risk based on macroeconomic factors.,Deutsche Digital Assets launches a dynamic Bitcoin ETP on Euronext Paris to manage volatility risk based on macroeconomic factors.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Digital Assets', 'Macro-Adjusted Bitcoin ETP', 'Euronext', 'Deutsche Digital Assets', 'dynamic Bitcoin ETP', 'Euronext Paris', 'volatility risk', 'macroeconomic factors']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,cryptonews.com
45402,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-encavis-and-innovar-solar-sign-framework-agreement-for-the-development-of-500-mw-of-solar-projects-in-germany-1033775969,EQS-News: ENCAVIS and Innovar Solar sign framework agreement for the development of 500 MW of solar projects in Germany,The Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; ticker symbol: ECV) is a producer of electricity from Renewable Energies listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG. As one of the leading independent power producers (IPP)  ENCAVIS acquires and operates ...,EQS-News: ENCAVIS AG / Key word(s): Expansion/AllianceENCAVIS and Innovar Solar sign framework agreement for the development of 500 MW of solar projects in Germany17.09.2024 / 08:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate NewsENCAVIS and Innovar Solar sign framework agreement for the development of 500 MW of solar projects in GermanyHamburg  17 September 2024 – The MDAX-listed wind and solar park operator Encavis AG (Prime Standard  ISIN: DE0006095003  ticker symbol: ECV) and Innovar Solar GmbH  a fast-growing developer of solar projects  have signed a framework agreement for the development of solar projects in Germany with a rolling capacity of 500 megawatts (MW). ‘Rolling’ here means that if individual projects are successfully developed  new projects will follow  so that 500 MW will always be developed in parallel. The same mechanism applies to projects that do not reach ready-to-build (RTB) status within a defined timeframe.‘The partnership with Encavis is a further step in our endeavour to realise innovative and sustainable solar projects in Germany. The framework agreement with Encavis for 500 MW gives us the opportunity to drive the energy transition forward even faster ’ says Stefan Veltrup  Managing Director of Innovar Solar GmbH.Mario Schirru  CIO/COO of Encavis AG  adds: ‘The trustful cooperation with Innovar Solar enables us to further expand our solar capacities in Germany from the current 412 MW and to consolidate our position as one of the leading independent producers of electricity from renewable energies in Europe.’The development of the projects has already begun.About ENCAVIS:The Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; ticker symbol: ECV) is a producer of electricity from Renewable Energies listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG. As one of the leading independent power producers (IPP)  ENCAVIS acquires and operates (onshore) wind farms and solar parks in twelve European countries. The plants for sustainable energy production generate stable yields through guaranteed feed-in tariffs (FIT) or long-term power purchase agreements (PPA). The Encavis Group’s total generation capacity currently adds up to around 3.6 gigawatts (GW)  of which around 2.2 GW belong to the Encavis AG  which corresponds to a total saving of around 0.8 million tonnes of CO 2 per year stand-alone for the Encavis AG. In addition  the Group currently has more than 1.2 GW of capacity under construction  of which around 900 MW are own assets.Within the Encavis Group  Encavis Asset Management AG offers fund services to institutional investors. Another Group member company is Stern Energy S.p.A.  based in Parma  Italy  a specialised provider of technical services for the installation  operation  maintenance  revamping and repowering of photovoltaic systems across Europe.ENCAVIS is a signatory of the UN Global Compact as well as of the UN PRI network. Encavis AG’s environmental  social and governance performance has been awarded by two of the world’s leading ESG rating agencies. MSCI ESG Ratings awarded the corporate ESG performance with their “AA” level and ISS ESG with their “Prime” label (A-)  the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) with its Climate Score “B” and Sustainalytics with its “low risk” ESG risk rating.Additional information can be found at www.encavis.comContact:ENCAVIS AGDr. Oliver PrüferPress Officer & Manager Public RelationsTel.: + 49 (0)40 37 85 62 133E-Mail: oliver.pruefer@encavis.comhttps://www.encavis.comAbout Innovar Solar:Innovar Solar GmbH is a leading company in the development of renewable energy projects. The company specializes in the planning  implementation and operation of photovoltaic systems and battery storage systems and offers tailor-made solutions for a sustainable energy supply. With a focus on innovative technologies and environmental friendliness  Innovar Solar makes a significant contribution to the energy transition and promotes the use of renewable energies in Germany.www.innovar.solarContact:Julia RommelMobile: +49 (0) 152 59 53 79 30E-Mail: julia.rommel@mehralspr.de,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Innovar Solar sign framework agreement', 'solar projects', 'EQS-News', 'ENCAVIS', 'development', '500 MW', 'Germany', 'Dr. Oliver Prüfer Press Officer', 'Stern Energy S.p.A.', 'low risk” ESG risk rating', 'Innovar Solar sign framework agreement', 'long-term power purchase agreements', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading independent power producers', 'Encavis Asset Management AG', 'leading independent producers', 'MSCI ESG Ratings', 'twelve European countries', 'sustainable energy production', 'UN Global Compact', 'UN PRI network', 'Carbon Disclosure Project', 'sustainable energy supply', 'solar park operator', 'Innovar Solar GmbH', 'corporate ESG performance', 'battery storage systems', 'Julia Rommel Mobile', 'sustainable solar projects', 'total generation capacity', 'Group member company', 'renewable energy projects', 'The Encavis AG', 'The Encavis Group', 'ISS ESG', 'leading company', 'energy transition', 'julia.rommel', 'The MDAX-listed', 'solar capacities', 'solar parks', 'Corporate News', 'total saving', 'governance performance', 'photovoltaic systems', 'renewable energies', 'Key word', 'Prime Standard', 'ticker symbol', 'growing developer', 'rolling capacity', 'individual projects', 'new projects', 'same mechanism', 'Stefan Veltrup', 'Managing Director', 'Mario Schirru', 'trustful cooperation', 'stable yields', '0.8 million tonnes', 'fund services', 'institutional investors', 'specialised provider', 'technical services', 'environmental, social', 'AA” level', 'Prime” label', 'Climate Score', 'Additional information', 'Public Relations', 'tailor-made solutions', 'environmental friendliness', 'significant contribution', 'wind farms', 'innovative technologies', 'current 412 MW', '500 MW', '900 MW', 'EQS-News', 'Alliance', 'development', 'Germany', '30 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Hamburg', 'ISIN', 'ECV', '500 megawatts', 'parallel', 'RTB', 'status', 'timeframe', 'partnership', 'step', 'endeavour', 'opportunity', 'CIO/COO', 'position', 'electricity', 'IPP', 'plants', 'feed', 'tariffs', 'FIT', 'PPA', '3.6 gigawatts', 'GW', 'year', 'construction', 'assets', 'Parma', 'Italy', 'installation', 'maintenance', 'revamping', 'repowering', 'signatory', 'world', 'CDP', 'Sustainalytics', 'Contact', 'Manager', 'Tel.', 'pruefer', 'planning', 'implementation', 'focus', 'use', 'mehralspr', '08']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,markets.businessinsider.com
45403,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-top-dividend-stocks-euronext-050439722.html/,3 Top Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam,The Dutch market has seen a positive shift recently  lifted by the European Central Bank's interest rate cut  which has bolstered investor sentiment across...,The Dutch market has seen a positive shift recently  lifted by the European Central Bank's interest rate cut  which has bolstered investor sentiment across the region. As economic conditions evolve  finding stable investments becomes crucial; dividend stocks often stand out due to their potential for providing consistent income amidst market fluctuations. In this article  we will explore three top dividend stocks listed on Euronext Amsterdam that could offer reliable returns for investors seeking stability and income in an ever-changing financial landscape.Top 5 Dividend Stocks In The NetherlandsName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Koninklijke Heijmans (ENXTAM:HEIJM) 3.83% ★★★★☆☆ Randstad (ENXTAM:RAND) 5.40% ★★★★☆☆ Aalberts (ENXTAM:AALB) 3.27% ★★★★☆☆ ABN AMRO Bank (ENXTAM:ABN) 9.48% ★★★★☆☆ Signify (ENXTAM:LIGHT) 7.44% ★★★★☆☆ ING Groep (ENXTAM:INGA) 6.73% ★★★★☆☆ Acomo (ENXTAM:ACOMO) 6.68% ★★★★☆☆Click here to see the full list of 7 stocks from our Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks screener.Let's dive into some prime choices out of the screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Aalberts N.V. provides mission-critical technologies for aerospace  automotive  building  and maritime sectors with a market cap of €3.82 billion.Operations: Aalberts N.V. generates revenue from two main segments: Building Technology (€1.74 billion) and Industrial Technology (€1.49 billion).Dividend Yield: 3.3%Aalberts N.V. has demonstrated a mixed track record for dividend investors. While its dividend payments have increased over the past decade  they have also been volatile  with occasional drops exceeding 20%. The company's dividends are well covered by earnings (payout ratio: 41%) and cash flows (cash payout ratio: 60.4%). Despite a lower-than-average yield of 3.27% compared to top Dutch dividend payers  Aalberts trades at good value relative to peers and industry benchmarks.ENXTAM:AALB Dividend History as at Sep 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: ABN AMRO Bank N.V. offers a range of banking products and financial services to retail  private  and business clients both in the Netherlands and internationally  with a market cap of €13.27 billion.Operations: ABN AMRO Bank N.V. generates its revenue from Corporate Banking (€3.46 billion)  Wealth Management (€1.55 billion)  and Personal & Business Banking (€4.02 billion).Dividend Yield: 9.5%Story continuesABN AMRO Bank's dividend payments have been volatile over the past 9 years  with notable declines exceeding 20%. Despite this instability  its current payout ratio of 50.5% suggests dividends are well covered by earnings. Trading at a significant discount to its estimated fair value and offering a high yield in the top 25% of Dutch dividend payers  ABN AMRO remains attractive for some investors. Recent executive changes may impact future stability.ENXTAM:ABN Dividend History as at Sep 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: ING Groep N.V. offers a range of banking products and services across the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  the rest of Europe  and internationally  with a market cap of approximately €52.13 billion.Operations: ING Groep N.V. generates revenue from several segments  including Retail Banking Netherlands (€4.97 billion)  Retail Banking Belgium (€2.61 billion)  Retail Banking Germany (€2.97 billion)  and Wholesale Banking (€6.69 billion)  along with a contribution from the Corporate Line (€334 million).Dividend Yield: 6.7%ING Groep's recent earnings report showed a decline in net income and interest income compared to the previous year  but the company affirmed an interim dividend of €0.35 per share for 1H2024. With a payout ratio of 69.8%  dividends are covered by earnings  though the payment history has been volatile over nine years. The stock trades significantly below its estimated fair value and offers a high yield in the top 25% of Dutch dividend payers.ENXTAM:INGA Dividend History as at Sep 2024Key TakeawaysClick through to start exploring the rest of the 4 Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks now.Are you invested in these stocks already? Keep abreast of every twist and turn by setting up a portfolio with Simply Wall St  where we make it simple for investors like you to stay informed and proactive.Take control of your financial future using Simply Wall St  offering free  in-depth knowledge of international markets to every investor.Want To Explore Some Alternatives?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:AALB ENXTAM:ABN and ENXTAM:INGA.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.64,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['3 Top Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Koninklijke Heijmans', 'Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks screener', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', '4 Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'three top dividend stocks', 'top Dutch dividend payers', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'Top 5 Dividend Stocks', 'Aalberts N.V.', 'European Central Bank', 'ABN Dividend History', 'mixed track record', 'Recent executive changes', 'free, in-depth knowledge', 'interest rate cut', 'two main segments', 'AALB Dividend History', 'INGA Dividend History', 'changing financial landscape', 'The Netherlands Name', 'current payout ratio', 'long-term focused analysis', 'cash payout ratio', 'recent earnings report', 'Retail Banking Netherlands', 'dividend payments', 'interim dividend', 'Dutch market', 'payment history', 'dividend investors', 'average yield', 'high yield', 'cash flows', 'several segments', 'interest income', 'financial future', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'banking products', 'Corporate Banking', 'Business Banking', 'Wholesale Banking', 'positive shift', 'economic conditions', 'stable investments', 'market fluctuations', 'reliable returns', 'full list', 'prime choices', 'mission-critical technologies', 'maritime sectors', 'market cap', 'Industrial Technology', 'past decade', 'occasional drops', 'good value', 'industry benchmarks', 'business clients', 'Wealth Management', 'past 9 years', 'notable declines', 'significant discount', 'fair value', 'Corporate Line', 'previous year', 'nine years', 'Key Takeaways', 'international markets', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'consistent income', 'net income', 'financial services', 'investor sentiment', 'Building Technology', 'future stability', 'stock trades', '7 stocks', 'region', 'potential', 'article', 'ENXTAM', 'Randstad', 'LIGHT', 'ACOMO', 'Overview', 'aerospace', 'automotive', 'Operations', 'revenue', 'dividends', 'peers', 'Sep', 'range', 'private', 'Personal', 'instability', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'contribution', 'share', '1H2024', 'twist', 'portfolio', 'control', 'Alternatives', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'Companies']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,finance.yahoo.com
45404,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946346/0/en/Syensqo-announces-voluntary-delisting-from-Euronext-Paris.html,Syensqo announces voluntary delisting from Euronext Paris,Syensqo announces voluntary delisting from Euronext Paris  Brussels  Belgium – September 16  2024 08:30 CEST   SYENSQO announces today that  as part of...,Syensqo announces voluntary delisting from Euronext ParisBrussels  Belgium – September 16  2024 08:30 CESTSYENSQO announces today that  as part of a strategy to simplify its listing structure  and following a review of the direct and indirect cost and administrative requirements related to its listing on Euronext Paris while maintaining a similar listing on Euronext Brussels  it has decided to apply for the delisting of its shares (ISIN Code BE0974464977) from Euronext Paris (the “Delisting”). The Delisting has been approved by the Listing Board of Euronext Paris S.A.The Syensqo Shares will be delisted from Euronext Paris on 30 September (the “Delisting Date”). The contemplated timetable of the Delisting can be summarized as follows:Event Date Last day of trading of Syensqo Shares on Euronext Paris 27 September 2024 Delisting of Syensqo Shares on Euronext Paris 30 September 2024The Delisting procedure will allow the Syensqo shares listed on Euronext Paris to continue to be traded on Euronext Brussels as of the Delisting Date.Shareholders may request any additional information from their custodian and usual financial intermediary  who has received the details of the Delisting.Safe harborThis press release may contain forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements describe expectations  plans  strategies  goals  future events or intentions. The achievement of forward-looking statements contained in this press release is subject to risks and uncertainties relating to a number of factors  including general economic factors  interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations  changing market conditions  product competition  the nature of product development  impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  products withdrawals  regulatory approval processes  all-in scenario of R&I projects and other unusual items. Consequently  actual results or future events may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize  or should our assumptions prove inaccurate  actual results could vary materially from those anticipated. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.About SyensqoSyensqo is a science company developing groundbreaking solutions that enhance the way we live  work  travel and play. Inspired by the scientific councils which Ernest Solvay initiated in 1911  we bring great minds together to push the limits of science and innovation for the benefit of our customers  with a diverse  global team of more than 13 000 associates.Our solutions contribute to safer  cleaner  and more sustainable products found in homes  food and consumer goods  planes  cars  batteries  smart devices and health care applications. Our innovation power enables us to deliver on the ambition of a circular economy and explore breakthrough technologies that advance humanity.Investor Relations ResourcesContactsInvestors & Analysts Media Sherief Bakr+44 7920 575 989Bisser Alexandrov+33 607 635 280investor.relations@syensqo.comPerrine Marchal+32 478 32 62 72Laetitia Schreiber+32 487 74 38 07media.relations@syensqo.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.31,0.31,True,English,"['voluntary delisting', 'Euronext Paris', 'Syensqo', 'foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations', 'Analysts Media Sherief Bakr', 'Euronext Paris S.A.', 'usual financial intermediary', 'regulatory approval processes', 'R&I projects', 'other unusual items', 'diverse, global team', 'health care applications', 'general economic factors', 'Investor Relations Resources', 'The Syensqo Shares', 'interest rate', 'indirect cost', 'administrative requirements', 'ISIN Code', 'Event Date', 'Last day', 'additional information', 'Safe harbor', 'press release', 'looking information', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'market conditions', 'product competition', 'product development', 'actual results', 'The Company', 'scientific councils', 'Ernest Solvay', 'great minds', 'consumer goods', 'smart devices', 'circular economy', 'breakthrough technologies', 'Bisser Alexandrov', 'Perrine Marchal', 'Laetitia Schreiber', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listing structure', 'similar listing', 'Listing Board', 'unknown risks', 'science company', 'groundbreaking solutions', 'sustainable products', 'innovation power', 'voluntary delisting', 'Delisting Date', 'Delisting procedure', 'Belgium', 'September', 'CEST', 'part', 'strategy', 'review', 'timetable', 'trading', 'Shareholders', 'custodian', 'details', 'expectations', 'plans', 'strategies', 'goals', 'intentions', 'achievement', 'uncertainties', 'number', 'changing', 'nature', 'impact', 'acquisitions', 'divestitures', 'restructurings', 'withdrawals', 'scenario', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'way', 'play', 'limits', 'benefit', 'customers', '13,000 associates', 'homes', 'food', 'planes', 'cars', 'batteries', 'ambition', 'humanity', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'Attachment', '32']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45405,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/dba964decf07f28a,Euronext and MTS launch new European government bond index family,Euronext has launched a new Euronext MTS European Government Bond (EGB) broad index family  developed in partnership with MTS.Anthony AttiaThe new index family consists of 26 indices that measure the total return of Euro-denominated government bonds from te…,Euronext has launched a new Euronext MTS European Government Bond (EGB) broad index family  developed in partnership with MTS.Anthony AttiaThe new index family consists of 26 indices that measure the total return of Euro-denominated government bonds from ten Eurozone countries …This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2024-09-16.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new European government bond index family', 'Euronext', 'MTS', 'new Euronext MTS European Government Bond', 'EGB) broad index family', 'new index family', 'Euro-denominated government bonds', 'ten Eurozone countries', 'Anthony Attia', 'total return', 'partnership', '26 indices', 'story', 'thetradenews.']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,biztoc.com
45406,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2947011/0/en/Galapagos-receives-transparency-notification-from-EcoR1-Capital.html,Galapagos receives transparency notification from EcoR1 Capital,Mechelen  Belgium; 16 September 2024  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) received a transparency notification from EcoR1 Capital LLC.,Mechelen  Belgium; 16 September 2024  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) received a transparency notification from EcoR1 Capital LLC.Pursuant to Belgian transparency legislation1  Galapagos received a transparency notification on 13 September 2024 on behalf of Mr. Oleg Nodelman and EcoR1 Capital LLC  who notified that EcoR1 Capital LLC holds 6 713 553 of Galapagos’ voting rights  consisting of 839 388 ordinary shares and 5 874 165 American Depository Receipts  further to an acquisition of voting securities and financial instruments that are treated as voting securities.EcoR1 Capital LLC  controlled by Mr. Oleg Nodelman  controls investment funds EcoR1 Capital Fund Qualified LP and EcoR1 Capital Fund LP  which all together hold 6 713 553 of Galapagos’ voting rights. This represents 10.19% of Galapagos’ currently outstanding 65 897 071 shares. EcoR1 Capital LLC thus crossed above the 10% threshold of Galapagos’ voting rights by acquisition of voting securities on 10 September 2024. The transparency notification furthermore specifies that (i) the 6 713 553 voting rights are beneficially owned by clients of EcoR1 Capital Fund Qualified LP and EcoR1 Capital Fund LP and that these clients include  among others  individuals  endowments  foundations and pooled investment vehicles  and (ii) EcoR1 Capital LLC is the discretionary investment advisory manager and exercises the voting rights of its entities at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions. The full transparency notification is available on the Galapagos website.About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to developing transformational medicines for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class small molecules and cell therapies in oncology and immunology. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing network  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X .For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.comJennifer Wilson+44 7444 896759media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Sofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143ir@glpg.comSandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 584 663ir@glpg.com1 Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  as amended from time to time.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['transparency notification', 'EcoR1 Capital', 'Galapagos', 'decentralized cell therapy manufacturing network', 'EcoR1 Capital Fund Qualified LP', 'EcoR1 Capital Fund LP', 'high unmet medical needs', 'discretionary investment advisory manager', 'EcoR1 Capital LLC', 'Mr. Oleg Nodelman', '5,874,165 American Depository Receipts', 'pooled investment vehicles', 'compelling science, technology', 'Sofie Van Gijsel', 'Belgian transparency legislation', 'full transparency notification', 'Galapagos’ voting rights', 'cell therapies', 'investment funds', '6,713,553 voting rights', '1 Belgian Act', 'voting securities', 'Galapagos NV', 'financial instruments', 'specific instructions', 'Galapagos website', 'biotechnology company', 'U.S.', 'transformational medicines', 'collaborative approaches', 'deep pipeline', 'small molecules', 'status quo', 'Media inquiries', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'Jennifer Wilson', 'Investor inquiries', 'Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'major shareholdings', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'additional information', '839,388 ordinary shares', 'regulated information', '65,897,071 shares', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'September', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'behalf', 'acquisition', '10% threshold', 'clients', 'others', 'individuals', 'endowments', 'foundations', 'entities', 'absence', 'operations', 'Europe', 'years', 'life', 'quality', 'class', 'oncology', 'immunology', 'capabilities', 'patient', 'results', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'LinkedIn', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'market', 'time', 'Attachment', '22']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45407,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946738/0/en/Ferrari-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Ferrari N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Maranello (Italy)  September 16  2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 250 million share buyback program announced on June 28  2024  as the fifth tranche of the multi-year shar…,Maranello (Italy)  September 16  2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 250 million share buyback program announced on June 28  2024  as the fifth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fifth Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 10/09/2024 5 250 426.7475 2 240 424.38 4 294 465.7058 1 999 740.71 1 812 837.19 9 544 424.6921 4 053 261.57 11/09/2024 5 600 423.2465 2 370 180.40 3 184 470.9721 1 499 575.17 1 357 941.83 8 784 424.4219 3 728 122.23 12/09/2024 5 300 425.9956 2 257 776.68 2 756 471.5088 1 299 478.25 1 179 628.04 8 056 426.6888 3 437 404.72 13/09/2024 5 200 425.7622 2 213 963.44 2 762 470.5532 1 299 667.94 1 172 879.65 7 962 425.3759 3 386 843.09 21 350425.40269 082 344.9012 996469.25696 098 462.065 523 286.7134 346425.249914 605 631.61Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Fifth Tranche till September 13  2024  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 95 354 985.16 for No. 236 400 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 15 096 772.10 (Euro 13 648 012.15 *) for No. 31 837 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of September 13  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 14 433 903 common shares equal to 5.62% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since the start of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day  on July 1  2022  until September 13  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 3 609 799 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 1  031 747 070.02.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section (https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs).For further information:Media Relationstel.: +39 0536 949337Email: media@ferrari.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Ferrari N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '250 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 236,400 common shares', 'No. 31,837 common shares', 'share capital', 'treasury No.', '14,433,903 common shares', 'share Consideration', 'fifth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Media Relations', 'total consideration', 'corporate website', 'Maranello', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'June', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'September', 'start', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'information', 'tel', 'Email', '996', '3,609,799']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45408,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/teleperformance-statement-on-transactions-on-own-shares-carried-out-from-september-9-to-september-13-2024-inclusive-93CH-3618037,Teleperformance: Statement on Transactions on Own Shares Carried out From September 9 to September 13  2024 (Inclusive) By Investing.com,Teleperformance: Statement on Transactions on Own Shares Carried out From September 9 to September 13  2024 (Inclusive),(Article 5 §2 of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of April 16  2014 on market abuse)PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance SE (Paris:TEP) purchased certain of its own shares in connection with the share repurchase program announced on August 2  2023  as authorized by its Shareholders' Meeting held on May 23  2024.These repurchases were carried out in connection with the objective of cancellation.It is specified that the detailed information by transaction is available on the Company's website at the following link: https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/regulated-information/ - section Liquidity contract and share buy-back program.Name of the Issuer Identification code of the issuer Transaction date Identification code of financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Average daily weighted shares purchase price (in euros) Market (MIC Code) TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 09/09/2024 FR0000051807 8 969 97.6730 XPAR TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 09/09/2024 FR0000051807 8 385 97.7108 CEUX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 09/09/2024 FR0000051807 797 97.5736 TQEX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 09/09/2024 FR0000051807 724 97.6745 AQEU TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 10/09/2024 FR0000051807 19 505 98.0779 XPAR TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 10/09/2024 FR0000051807 12 689 97.7297 CEUX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 10/09/2024 FR0000051807 921 97.6671 TQEX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 10/09/2024 FR0000051807 830 98.1513 AQEU TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 11/09/2024 FR0000051807 22 379 97.5039 XPAR TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 11/09/2024 FR0000051807 20 956 97.4830 CEUX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 11/09/2024 FR0000051807 3 982 97.4205 TQEX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 11/09/2024 FR0000051807 1 998 97.4907 AQEU TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 12/09/2024 FR0000051807 17 463 97.8605 XPAR TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 12/09/2024 FR0000051807 12 726 97.7806 CEUX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 12/09/2024 FR0000051807 1 531 97.8332 TQEX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 12/09/2024 FR0000051807 836 97.9855 AQEU TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 13/09/2024 FR0000051807 13 864 99.2485 XPAR TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 13/09/2024 FR0000051807 8 206 99.4204 CEUX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 13/09/2024 FR0000051807 610 99.0742 TQEX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 13/09/2024 FR0000051807 1 001 99.2483 AQEU Total 158 372 97.9500Four-digit rounding after the decimalAbout Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP “ ISIN: FR0000051807 “ Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group's local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices:     S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240916481000/en/TeleperformanceSource: Teleperformance,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Own Shares', 'Investing.com', 'Teleperformance', 'Statement', 'Transactions', 'September', 'Average daily weighted shares purchase price', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'issuer Transaction date Identification code', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Total daily volume', 'deferred settlement service', 'TQEX TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61', 'digital business services', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'corporate social responsibility', 'share repurchase program', 'Euronext Paris market', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'FTSE4Good index', 'global leader', 'MIC Code', 'specialized services', 'consular services', '5736 TQEX TELEPERFORMANCE', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'buy-back program', 'AQEU Total', 'Teleperformance shares', 'market abuse', 'Regulatory News', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'following link', 'Liquidity contract', 'financial instrument', 'XPAR TELEPERFORMANCE', 'CEUX TELEPERFORMANCE', 'AQEU TELEPERFORMANCE', 'Four-digit rounding', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'source version', 'Teleperformance Source', 'Paris:TEP', 'Teleperformance Group', 'TEP FP', 'The Group', 'detailed information', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'April', 'connection', 'August', 'May', 'repurchases', 'objective', 'cancellation', 'Company', 'website', 'investors', 'publications', 'events', 'section', 'Name', 'number', 'euros', 'FR0000051807', 'decimal', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF.', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'teams', 'advisors', 'close', '100 countries', 'force', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'area', 'September', 'businesswire', '0779']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,investing.com
45409,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946663/0/en/Final-results-from-CABINET-Phase-III-trial-reinforce-efficacy-benefits-of-Cabometyx-in-advanced-neuroendocrine-tumors.html,Final results from CABINET Phase III trial reinforce efficacy benefits of Cabometyx® in advanced neuroendocrine tumors,PARIS  FRANCE  16 September 2024 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today final data from the CABINET Phase III trial investigating Cabometyx® (cabozantinib) versus placebo in people living with advanced pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (pNETs) or …,Data demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in risk of disease progression or death with Cabometyx ® (cabozantinib) versus placebo in advanced pancreatic and extra-pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (NETs) 1   2Data presented at ESMO 2024 and published in New England Journal of MedicineIpsen has submitted an extension of indication Marketing Authorization to the European Medicines AgencyLimited approved treatment options for advanced NETs dependent on primary site of disease  with no approved therapies in lung NETs upon progression after prior systemic therapy3 4PARIS  FRANCE  16 September 2024 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today final data from the CABINET Phase III trial investigating Cabometyx® (cabozantinib) versus placebo in people living with advanced pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (pNETs) or advanced extra-pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (epNETs) whose disease had progressed after prior systemic therapy. These data demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in the risk of disease progression or death for Cabometyx versus placebo of 77% (hazard ratio (HR) 0.23) and 62% (HR 0.38) for people living with advanced pNETs and epNETs  respectively.1 2 Presentation of these data is taking place today at the 2024 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO 2024) during the Proffered Paper Session: NETs and Endocrine Tumors at 2:45 p.m. CEST  and is published in the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM).“People living with neuroendocrine tumors face many challenges  from securing a timely diagnosis to optimal treatment options which address the needs of the increasing number of people affected by this cancer worldwide ” said Teodora Kolarova  Executive Director  International Neuroendocrine Cancer Alliance. “These latest data reaffirm the possibilities of continuing scientific advancements in neuroendocrine tumors  offering the potential for new therapies which could significantly impact people’s everyday lives as they navigate this complex and life altering diagnosis.”Final results demonstrated progression-free survival (PFS) benefits in favor of Cabometyx versus placebo by blinded independent central review (BICR).1 2 In the pNET cohort  at a median follow-up of 13.8 months  median PFS was 13.8 months for Cabometyx versus 4.4 months for placebo (HR 0.23 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.12-0.42] p<0.0001).1 2 In the epNET cohort  at a median follow-up of 10.2 months  median PFS was 8.4 months for Cabometyx versus 3.9 months for placebo (HR 0.38 [95% CI 0.25-0.59] p<0.0001).1 2 The safety profile of Cabometyx observed in each cohort was consistent with its known safety profile; no new safety signals were identified.1 2“These latest data reinforce the potential of Cabometyx to deliver significant efficacy benefits at an advanced stage of disease ” said Christelle Huguet  EVP and Head of Research and Development at Ipsen. “Through our submission to the EMA  it is our ambition to evolve the treatment paradigm for people living with neuroendocrine tumors  harnessing our longstanding heritage in this area to deliver an effective new therapy where options are notably limited.”The number of people newly diagnosed with NETs is believed to be rising due to increasing awareness and better methods of diagnosis  with approximately 35 in every 100 000 people currently living with NETs globally.5 6 However  despite increasing awareness  the non-specific nature of NET symptoms often leads patients to be seen by multiple specialists and to undergo various forms of testing before an accurate diagnosis is achieved.5 As a result  almost a third of people take at least five years to be diagnosed with NETs  contributing to poorer patient outcomes.5 Most forms of NETs are indolent in nature and can develop in any part of the body 7 requiring multiple lines of therapy as people progress.3 4 Treatment options upon progression are often limited dependent on primary site of disease  resulting in challenges in identifying optimal care pathways specific to patients’ circumstances.3 4 8ENDSAbout CabometyxCabometyx (cabozantinib) is a small molecule that inhibits multiple receptor tyrosine kinases  including VEGFRs  MET  RET and the TAM family (TYRO3  MER  AXL).9 These receptor tyrosine kinases are involved in both normal cellular function and pathologic processes such as oncogenesis  metastasis  tumor angiogenesis (the growth of new blood vessels that tumors need to grow)  drug resistance  modulation of immune activities and maintenance of the tumor microenvironment.9 10 11 12Exelixis granted Ipsen exclusive rights for the commercialization and further clinical development of Cabometyx outside of the U.S. and Japan. Exelixis granted exclusive rights to Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (Takeda) for the commercialization and further clinical development of Cabometyx for all future indications in Japan. Exelixis holds the exclusive rights to develop and commercialize Cabometyx in the U.S.In over 65 countries outside of the United States and Japan  including in the European Union  Cabometyx is currently indicated as:10Monotherapy for advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC). as first-line treatment of adults with intermediate- or poor-risk disease. in adults following prior VEGFR-targeted therapy.A combination with nivolumab for the first-line treatment of aRCC in adults.Monotherapy for the treatment of adults living with locally advanced or metastatic differentiated thyroid carcinoma  refractory or not eligible to radioactive iodine who have progressed during or after prior systemic therapy.Monotherapy for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma in adults who have previously been treated with sorafenib.About neuroendocrine tumorsNETs are relatively uncommon and develop from cells of the neuroendocrine system; thus  can arise from a variety of locations throughout the body.5 7 The most common sites of NETs include the gastrointestinal (GI) tract  lungs and pancreas.7 13 Most NETs take years to develop and grow slowly  however some NETs can be fast-growing.7 The five-year survival rate is dependent on the primary site of disease. For advanced GI-NET and lung NETs  where the cancer has spread to distant parts of the body  the five-year survival rates are 68% and 55%  respectively.14 15 For people diagnosed with advanced pNET  however  the prognosis is poor  with a five-year survival rate of 23%.16About CABINET (Alliance A021602)CABINET (randomized  double-blinded Phase III trial of CABozantinib versus placebo In patients with advanced NEuroendocrine Tumors after progression on prior therapy) is sponsored by the National Cancer Institute (NCI)  part of the National Institutes of Health  and is being led and conducted by the NCI-funded Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology with participation from the NCI-funded National Clinical Trials Network  as part of Exelixis’ collaboration through a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the NCI’s Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program.The multicenter  Phase III CABINET pivotal trial enrolled a total of 298 patients in the US at the time of the final analysis. Patients were randomized 2:1 to Cabometyx or placebo in two separately powered cohorts (pNET  n=95; epNET  n=203). The epNET cohort included patients with the following primary tumor sites: gastrointestinal tract  lung  unknown primary sites and other. Each cohort was randomized separately and had its own statistical analysis plan. Patients must have had measurable disease per RECIST 1.1 criteria and must have experienced disease progression or intolerance after at least one U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved line of prior therapy other than somatostatin analogues. The primary endpoint in each cohort was PFS per RECIST 1.1 by retrospective independent central review. Upon confirmation of disease progression  patients were unblinded  and those receiving placebo were permitted to cross over to open-label therapy with Cabometyx. Secondary endpoints included overall survival  radiographic response rate and safety. More information about this trial is available at ClinicalTrials.gov.About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 80 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestorsCraig Marks | +44 7584 349 193MediaAmy Wolf | +41 7 95 76 07 23| Emma Roper | +44 7711 766 517Disclaimers and/or Forward-Looking StatementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.References1 Chan et al. Phase 3 Trial of Cabozantinib in Previously Treated Advanced Neuroendocrine Tumors. 2024 New England Journal of Medicine. Online ahead of print2 Cabozantinib Versus Placebo for Advanced Neuroendocrine Tumors (NET) after Progression on Prior Therapy (CABINET Trial/Alliance A021602): Updated Results Including Progression Free-Survival (PFS) by Blinded Independent Central Review (BICR) and Subgroup Analyses. As presented at ESMO Congress 2024 during the ‘Proffered Paper: NETs and Endocrine Tumors at 2:45 p.m. CEST Barcelona  Spain.3 Baudin E  et al. Ann Oncol. 2021 Nov;32(11):1453-1455.4 Pavel M  et al. Ann Oncol. 2020;31(7):844-860.5 Singh et al. Patient-Reported Burden of a Neuroendocrine Tumor (NET) Diagnosis: Results From the First Global Survey of Patients With NETs. J Glob Oncol. 2017 Feb; 3(1): 43–53.6 Durma et al. Epidemiology of Neuroendocrine Neoplasms and Results of Their Treatment with [177Lu]Lu-DOTA-TATE or [177Lu]Lu-DOTA-TATE and [90Y]Y-DOTA-TATE—A Six-Year Experience in High-Reference Polish Neuroendocrine Neoplasm Center. Cancers 2023  15(22)  5466; https://doi.org/10.3390/cancers152254667 Neuroendocrine tumor (NET). https://www.cancer.gov/pediatric-adult-rare-tumor/rare-tumors/rare-endocrine-tumor/carcinoid-tumor. Accessed September 2024.8 McClellan  K.  Chen. E.Y  Kardosh A.  et al. Therapy Resistant Gastroenteropancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors. Cancers. 2022  14(19)  4769.9 El-Khoueiry A. et al.  Cabozantinib: An evolving therapy for hepatocellular carcinoma. Cancer Treatment Reviews. 2021 Jul;98:102221. DOI: 10.1016/j.ctrv.2021.102221.10 European Medicines Agency. Cabometyx® (cabozantinib) EU Summary of Product Characteristics. Available from: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/product-information/cabometyx-epar-product-information_en.pdf. Last accessed: September 202411 Yakes M. et al.  Cabozantinib (XL184)  a novel MET and VEGFR2 inhibitor  simultaneously suppresses metastasis  angiogenesis  and tumor growth. Mol Cancer Ther. 2011;10:2298–2308. DOI: 10.1158/1535-7163.MCT-11-026412 Hsu et al.  AXL and MET in Hepatocellular Carcinoma: A Systematic Literature Review. Liver Cancer 2021 DOI: 10.1159/00052050113 Jamal et al. Neuroendocrine tumor of the kidney. Diagnostic challenge and successful therapy. Urology Annals 11(4):p 435-438  Oct–Dec 2019. DOI: 10.4103/UA.UA_169_1814 Survival Rates for Gastrointestinal Carcinoid Tumors. ACS website. Available at: https://www.cancer.org/cancer/types/gastrointestinal-carcinoid-tumor/detection-diagnosis-staging/survival-rates.html. Accessed September 2024.15 Survival Rates for Lung Carcinoid Tumors. ACS website. Available at: https://www.cancer.org/cancer/types/lung-carcinoid-tumor/detection-diagnosis-staging/survival-rates.html. Accessed September 2024.16 Survival Rates for Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumor. American Cancer Society Available at: https://www.cancer.org/cancer/types/pancreatic-neuroendocrine-tumor/detection-diagnosis-staging/survival-rates.html. Accessed June 2024. Accessed September 2024.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['CABINET Phase III trial', 'advanced neuroendocrine tumors', 'Final results', 'efficacy benefits', 'Cabometyx®', 'CABINET Phase III trial', 'European Medicines Agency Limited', 'Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited', 'International Neuroendocrine Cancer Alliance', 'multiple receptor tyrosine kinases', 'advanced extra-pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors', 'advanced pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors', 'indication Marketing Authorization', 'Medical Oncology Congress', 'Proffered Paper Session', 'continuing scientific advancements', 'independent central review', 'poorer patient outcomes', 'optimal care pathways', 'normal cellular function', 'New England Journal', 'new blood vessels', 'prior systemic therapy', 'effective new therapy', 'new safety signals', 'significant efficacy benefits', 'optimal treatment options', '2024 European Society', 'advanced stage', 'multiple specialists', 'multiple lines', 'PFS) benefits', 'new therapies', 'safety profile', 'treatment paradigm', 'advanced pNETs', 'meaningful reduction', 'primary site', 'significant reduction', 'hazard ratio', 'Teodora Kolarova', 'Executive Director', 'everyday lives', 'Final results', 'progression-free survival', 'median follow-up', 'median PFS', 'Christelle Huguet', 'longstanding heritage', 'increasing awareness', 'NET symptoms', 'various forms', 'a third', 'five years', 'Most forms', 'small molecule', 'TAM family', 'pathologic processes', 'tumor angiogenesis', 'drug resistance', 'immune activities', 'tumor microenvironment', 'exclusive rights', 'U.S.', 'future indications', 'United States', 'advanced NETs', 'pNET cohort', 'clinical development', 'many challenges', 'timely diagnosis', 'increasing number', 'non-specific nature', 'accurate diagnosis', 'patients’ circumstances', 'final data', 'latest data', 'lung NETs', 'disease progression', 'risk', 'death', 'Cabometyx ®', 'cabozantinib', 'placebo', 'ESMO', 'Ipsen', 'extension', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '16 September', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Cabometyx®', 'people', 'epNETs', 'Presentation', 'CEST', 'NEJM', 'needs', 'possibilities', 'potential', 'complex', 'life', 'favor', 'BICR', '13.8 months', '4.4 months', 'HR 0.', '10.2 months', '8.4 months', '3.9 months', 'EVP', 'Head', 'Research', 'submission', 'EMA', 'ambition', 'area', 'methods', 'testing', 'part', 'body', 'ENDS', 'VEGFRs', 'RET', 'MER', 'AXL', 'oncogenesis', 'metastasis', 'growth', 'modulation', 'maintenance', 'Exelixis', 'Japan', '65 countries', '2:45']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45410,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946338/0/en/RIBER-announces-coverage-initiation-of-its-stock-by-TP-ICAP-Midcap.html,RIBER announces coverage initiation of its stock by TP ICAP Midcap,RIBER announces coverage initiation of its stock by TP ICAP Midcap   Bezons (France)  September 16  2024 - 8:00 am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader...,RIBER announces coverage initiation of its stockby TP ICAP MidcapBezons (France)  September 16  2024 - 8:00 am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  announces that its stock is now covered by TP ICAP Midcap  a brokerage firm and investment bank specializing in small and mid-caps.TP ICAP Midcap began covering the stock with a study entitled “A Global Leader on the Brink of a New Era” published on September 13  2024. In this study  TP ICAP Midcap recommended buying the stock  with a target price of 3 euros1.The research contract signed with TP ICAP is part of RIBER's strategy to enhance its stock market visibility and diversify its analyst coverage. This research note completes the coverage of RIBER’s stock already provided by Gilbert Dupont.RIBER will publish its first-half earnings on September 25  2024 before start of trading.About RIBERFounded in 1964  RIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry  and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research  including quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER : Annie Geoffroy| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS : Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.net1 This information does not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe  nor a solicitation of any order to buy or subscribe securities in France  Europe  the United States or any other country. The provision of a financial analysis production and distribution services has been agreed upon between RIBER and TP ICAP Midcap.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['TP ICAP Midcap', 'coverage initiation', 'RIBER', 'stock', 'BPI France-approved innovative company', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'Molecular Beam Epitaxy', '5G telecommunications networks', 'financial analysis production', 'TP ICAP Midcap', 'global market leader', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'A Global Leader', 'stock market visibility', 'semiconductor industry', 'brokerage firm', 'investment bank', 'New Era', 'target price', 'Gilbert Dupont', 'first-half earnings', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'numerous applications', 'quantum computing', 'Annie Geoffroy', 'United States', 'other country', 'distribution services', 'coverage initiation', 'analyst coverage', 'information technologies', 'Cyril Combe', 'research contract', 'MBE) equipment', 'RIBER', 'Bezons', 'CET', 'small', 'mid-caps', 'study', 'Brink', 'September', '3 euros', 'part', 'strategy', 'start', 'trading', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'software', 'performance', 'electronics', 'development', 'photonics', 'lasers', 'sensors', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'order', 'securities', 'Europe', 'provision', 'Attachment', '8:00', '1']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45411,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946343/0/en/Exor-Press-Release-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Exor Press Release - Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Amsterdam  16 September 2024  EXOR N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM  Exor N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under...,Amsterdam  16 September 2024EXOR N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAMExor N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €125 million announced on 12 August 2024 (the “Second Tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE  Turquoise Europe and Aquis Exchange Europe:EURONEXT AMSTERDAMTrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 09 September 2024 15 893 98.44 1 564 446.53 10 September 2024 29 054 97.40 2 829 859.60 11 September 2024 28 891 97.41 2 814 390.76 12 September 2024 21 179 97.78 2 070 793.67 13 September 2024 4 626 98.43 455 348.28 TOTAL 99 643 9 734 838.84CBOE DXETrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 09 September 2024 4 916 98.43 483 865.66 10 September 2024 11 350 97.16 1 102 750.11 11 September 2024 11 602 97.41 1 130 186.79 12 September 2024 6 300 97.86 616 543.20 13 September 2024 2 077 98.45 204 472.76 TOTAL 36 245 3 537 818.51TURQUOISE EUROPETrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 09 September 2024 939 98.43 92 428.02 10 September 2024 919 97.75 89 828.02 11 September 2024 882 97.51 86 005.58 12 September 2024 893 97.86 87 391.93 13 September 2024 417 98.16 40 932.47 TOTAL 4 050 396 586.03AQUIS EXCHANGE EUROPETrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 09 September 2024 1 670 98.42 164 358.73 10 September 2024 1 677 97.28 163 143.42 11 September 2024 1 625 97.50 158 436.20 12 September 2024 1 628 97.83 159 265.94 13 September 2024 624 98.22 61 289.65 TOTAL 7 224 706 493.94After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €68 million for a total amount of 696 766 ordinary shares purchased.As of 16 September 2024  the Company held in total 6 821 237 ordinary shares in treasury (3.09% of total ordinary issued share capital)1.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.1 This corresponds to 0.95% of the total issued share capital including both ordinary shares and special voting shares.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Exor Press Release', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Aquis Exchange Europe', 'special voting shares', 'EXOR N.V.', 'Trading Date Number', 'Share Buyback section', 'share buyback program', 'Turquoise Europe', 'ordinary shares', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'second tranche', 'CBOE DXE', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'share capital', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', '16 September', 'THE', 'Company', '12 August', 'fees', '09 September', 'purchases', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45412,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946966/0/en/Banijay-Group-Weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: Weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 16 September 2024  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions......,Press ReleaseParis – 16 September 2024Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 09 September to 13 September 2024 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 23 May 2024.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2024-09-09 BUY 865 8.657803 7 489.00 XAMS 2024-09-09 SELL 135 8.700000 1 174.50 XAMS 2024-09-10 BUY 161 8.700000 1 400.70 XAMS 2024-09-11 BUY 529 8.624858 4 562.55 XAMS 2024-09-12 BUY 511 8.680431 4 435.70 XAMS 2024-09-12 SELL 158 8.724684 1 378.50 XAMS 2024-09-13 BUY 400 8.698125 3 479.25 XAMS 2024-09-13 SELL 112 8.781250 983.50 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ3 2024 results: 7 November 2024Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ:NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).1 Previously known as FL Entertainment N.V. until 24 May 2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Banijay Group', 'Weekly', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'global entertainment leader', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'following transactions', 'live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q3 2024 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Banijay Gaming', 'BNJ.AS', 'Paris', '16 September', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '09 September', '13 September', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '23 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', 'Phone', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '24 May', 'Attachment']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45413,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/carmila-announces-the-launch-of-a-tender-offer-on-its-existing-notes-maturing-in-may-2027-march-2028-october-2028-and-april-2029-and-announces-its-intention-to-issue-new-notes-93CH-3616751,Carmila Announces the Launch of a Tender Offer on Its Existing Notes Maturing in May 2027  March 2028  October 2028 and April 2029  and Announces Its Intention to Issue New Notes By Investing.com,Carmila Announces the Launch of a Tender Offer on Its Existing Notes Maturing in May 2027  March 2028  October 2028 and April 2029  and Announces Its Intention to Issue New Notes,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Carmila (Paris:CARM) announces today the launch of a tender offer on the following series of existing notes:€300 000 000 1.625 per cent. Notes due 30 May 2027 (ISIN FR0014000T33);€350 000 000 2.125 per cent. Notes due 7 March 2028 (ISIN FR0013321536);€500 000 000 5.500 per cent. Notes due 9 October 2028 (ISIN FR001400L1E0); and€325 000 000 1.625 per cent. Notes due 1 April 2029 (ISIN FR0014002QG3).In parallel  the Company announces its intention to issue Euro denominated fixed rate notes (the ""New Notes"")  subject to market conditions.The tender offer is subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Tender Offer Memorandum dated 16 September 2024. In particular  the offer is subject to a maximum acceptance amount of €150 000 000  which the Company may increase or decrease in its sole and absolute discretion  and to the pricing of the New Notes.These operations will enable the Company to proactively manage and further extend the Company's debt maturity profile and optimise its balance sheet structure.The tender offer will run from 16 September 2024 to 4:00 p.m. (Paris time) on 23 September 2024. The results of the offer are intended to be announced on 24 September 2024.INVESTOR AGENDA17 October 2024 (after market close): Financial information for the third quarter 2024ABOUT CARMILAAs the third-largest listed owner of commercial property in Europe  Carmila was founded by Carrefour (EPA: ) and large institutional investors in order to enhance the value of shopping centres adjoining Carrefour hypermarkets in France  Spain and Italy. At 31 December 2023  its portfolio was valued at €5.9 billion and is made up of 201 shopping centres  with leading positions in their catchment areas.Carmila is listed on Euronext-Paris Compartment A under the symbol CARM. It benefits from the tax regime for French real estate investment trusts (SIIC). Carmila has been a member of the SBF 120 since 20 June 2022.IMPORTANT NOTICESome of the statements contained in this document are not historical facts but rather statements of future expectations  estimates and other forward-looking statements based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Please refer to the most recent Universal Registration Document filed in French by Carmila with the AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties. Carmila has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Carmila accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.This press release is available in the Funding section of Carmila's Finance webpage: https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/funding/View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240916937496/en/INVESTOR AND ANALYST CONTACTPierre-Yves Thirion - CFOpierre_yves_thirion@carmila.com+33 6 47 21 60 49PRESS CONTACTElodie Arcayna “ Corporate Communications Directorelodie_arcayna@carmila.com+33 7 86 54 40 10Source: Carmila",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.06,0.63,True,English,"['Tender Offer', 'Existing Notes', 'New Notes', 'Investing.com', 'Carmila', 'Launch', 'May', 'March', 'October', 'April', 'Intention', 'French real estate investment trusts', 'AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers', 'Euro denominated fixed rate notes', 'recent Universal Registration Document', 'maximum acceptance amount', 'debt maturity profile', 'balance sheet structure', 'largest listed owner', 'large institutional investors', 'Corporate Communications Director', 'Tender Offer Memorandum', 'other forward-looking statements', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'following series', 'absolute discretion', 'market close', 'Financial information', 'commercial property', 'shopping centres', 'leading positions', 'catchment areas', 'Euronext-Paris Compartment', 'tax regime', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'additional information', 'press release', 'Funding section', 'Finance webpage', 'ANALYST CONTACT', 'Pierre-Yves Thirion', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'Elodie Arcayna', 'existing notes', 'New Notes', 'market conditions', 'INVESTOR AGENDA', 'third quarter', 'Carrefour hypermarkets', 'unknown risks', 'future results', 'above statements', 'source version', 'Paris time', 'Carmila', 'launch', 'ISIN', 'parallel', 'Company', 'intention', 'terms', 'sole', 'pricing', 'operations', '16 September', '23 September', '24 September', 'October', 'Europe', 'EPA', 'order', 'value', 'France', 'Spain', 'Italy', '31 December', 'portfolio', 'symbol', 'CARM.', 'SIIC', 'member', 'SBF', '20 June', 'estimates', 'management', 'beliefs', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'relation', 'factors', 'obligation', 'liability', 'consequences', 'use', 'businesswire', 'CFO', 'pierre_yves_thirion', 'elodie_arcayna', '4:00']",2027-03-20,2024-09-17,investing.com
45414,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/09/16/dai-ichi-life-insurance-company-ltd-buys-5000-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Dai ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd Buys 5 000 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Dai ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd grew its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 98.9% during the second quarter  according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 10 054 shares of the real estate investment trust’s…,Dai ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd grew its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 98.9% during the second quarter  according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 10 054 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after acquiring an additional 5 000 shares during the period. Dai ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $2 892 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 107.3% during the fourth quarter. EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 85 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $26 000 after purchasing an additional 44 shares during the last quarter. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the fourth quarter worth approximately $30 000. OFI Invest Asset Management bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the second quarter worth $32 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at about $37 000. Finally  Opal Wealth Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Public Storage during the second quarter valued at approximately $36 000. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsA number of research analysts have recently weighed in on PSA shares. Scotiabank lifted their price objective on Public Storage from $308.00 to $339.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Thursday  August 22nd. Wells Fargo & Company lifted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $310.00 to $320.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday  July 26th. Evercore ISI increased their target price on Public Storage from $330.00 to $334.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a research report on Wednesday  August 28th. Barclays increased their price target on shares of Public Storage from $327.00 to $374.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday  August 22nd. Finally  Citigroup lifted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $303.00 to $378.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday  August 30th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  seven have given a hold rating  five have given a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  the stock presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $325.15.Public Storage Stock PerformanceShares of Public Storage stock opened at $359.16 on Monday. The company has a current ratio of 0.93  a quick ratio of 0.93 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72. The firm has a market cap of $63.11 billion  a P/E ratio of 32.62  a P/E/G ratio of 5.06 and a beta of 0.67. The stock’s fifty day moving average price is $320.20 and its 200-day moving average price is $293.11. Public Storage has a 12 month low of $233.18 and a 12 month high of $361.23.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 EPS for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.20 by ($1.54). Public Storage had a return on equity of 36.55% and a net margin of 44.88%. The firm had revenue of $921.70 million during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.16 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year  the firm posted $4.28 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average  equities research analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.73 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Monday  September 30th. Investors of record on Friday  September 13th will be given a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.34%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday  September 13th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is currently 108.99%.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Dai ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd', 'Public Storage', '5,000 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Dai ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'fifty day moving average price', 'OFI Invest Asset Management', 'EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Opal Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', '200-day moving average price', 'One equities research analyst', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'Public Storage Stock Performance Shares', 'other hedge funds', 'latest 13F fi', 'equities research analysts', 'current fiscal year', '35% common equity interest', 'New Price Targets', 'consensus price target', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'other institutional investors', 'Get Free Report', 'strong buy rating', 'dividend payout ratio', 'net margin', 'target price', 'Shurgard brand', 'price objective', 'current ratio', 'consensus rating', 'research note', 'prior year', 'research report', 'Moderate Buy', 'new stake', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'buy” rating', 'recent filing', 'sector perform', 'Wells Fargo', 'Evercore ISI', 'market cap', 'ex-dividend date', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Recommended Stories', 'overweight” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'second quarter', 'recent quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', '4th quarter', 'same quarter', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'additional 5,000 shares', 'additional 44 shares', '12 month low', 'United States', 'earnings results', 'PSA shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '10,054 shares', '85 shares', '40 states', '4.28 earnings', '16.73 earnings', 'position', 'firm', 'period', 'holdings', 'number', 'stakes', 'Scotiabank', 'Thursday', 'August', 'Friday', 'July', 'line', 'Wednesday', 'Barclays', 'Citigroup', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'Monday', 'debt', 'beta', 'Tuesday', 'return', 'revenue', 'business', 'September', 'record', '13th', 'yield', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', '44.']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,etfdailynews.com
45415,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946352/0/en/Nexans-awarded-contract-for-first-transmission-link-from-Orkney-Islands-in-Scotland.html,Nexans awarded contract for first transmission link from Orkney Islands in Scotland,Nexans awarded contract for first electrical transmission link from Orkney Islands in Scotland  _PRESS RELEASE_  Nexans  a global leader in the design...,Nexans awarded contract for first electrical transmission link from Orkney Islands in Scotland_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans  a global leader in the design and manufacturing of cabling systems and services  has been awarded the contract for the Orkney Transmission LinkThe link will exchange up to 220MW of energy between the Orkney Islands and the UK mainlandThere will be one high voltage alternating current (HVAC) cable circuit extending approx 69km in route (53km subsea  15km land) from Finstown in Orkney to Dounreay in CaithnessThe significant contract includes both the production and the installation of the cableParis  France – September 16  2024 – Nexans  a global leader in the design and manufacturing of cabling systems and services  has signed the contract for the Orkney Link by SSEN Transmission following the capacity reservation agreement signed in November 2023. The significant contract includes both the production and the installation of the cable. The 220kV high voltage alternating current (HVAC) cable will be largest capacity cable connecting the Orkney Islands to mainland Scotland and will span 53 km offshore and 16 km onshore route in total in Finstown  Orkney and Dounreay in Caithness  UK.The Orkney Link will exchange up to 220 MW of renewable energy between the islands and the mainland and is a critical step in strengthening the UK power network  supplying demand centres in the North of Scotland and beyond with clean energy from one of the world’s greatest resources of renewable electricity. Subsea interconnectors  which connect two areas of land together with an underwater electrical cable  allow for the expansion of electrification and the growth of renewable energy. In the case of the Orkney Islands  there is an abundance of renewable resources from established and planned onshore wind farms to emergent technologies that harness electrical energy from the oceans and will all support delivery of the UK and Scotland’s Net Zero targets.“We are looking forward to working on the Orkney Link as it represents a major milestone in connecting remote renewable energy resources to the UK mainland. Subsea interconnectors are critical for reliably delivering electricity across the oceans from the places with the greatest supply to those with the greatest demand  thereby increasing network resilience and allowing access to reliable energy for consumers.” - Pascal Radue  EVP Nexans’ Generation and Transmission Business GroupDeputy Project Director at SSEN Transmission  Ian Clark  said: “We’re delighted to have awarded these crucial contracts to Siemens-BAM JV  Nexans and RJ McLeod for the delivery of the Orkney connection project. All three have a strong track-record of delivering challenging projects and we’re looking forward to continuing our relationship with them.”The interconnector will be manufactured at Nexans’ plants in Halden Norway for the offshore sections  Charleroi  Belgium for the onshore cable sections  and Cortaillod in Switzerland for the accessories. Nexans will also install the cable using its state-of-the-art cable laying vessels. The project will be delivered in 2027 by Nexans experts at multiple locations  including in the UK and adds to Nexans’ expanding portfolio of interconnectors including the Celtic Interconnector and the Crete-Attica Interconnector.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 500 people in 41 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2023  Nexans generated 6.5 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group is recognized on the CDP Climate Change A List as a global leader on climate action and has committed to Net-Zero emissions by 2050 aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationChristopher MinardiTel. : (929) 459-4530christopher.minardi@nexans.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys Leosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['first transmission link', 'Orkney Islands', 'Nexans', 'contract', 'Scotland', '220kV high voltage alternating current (HVAC) cable', 'one high voltage alternating current', 'CDP Climate Change A List', 'Maëllys Leostic maellys', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'four main business areas', 'remote renewable energy resources', 'first electrical transmission link', 'HVAC) cable circuit', 'Net Zero targets', 'capacity reservation agreement', 'onshore wind farms', 'largest capacity cable', 'underwater electrical cable', 'cable laying vessels', 'up to 220 MW', 'Deputy Project Director', 'onshore cable sections', 'Transmission Business Group', 'Emmanuel Guinot emmanuel', 'Orkney connection project', 'Nexans’ expanding portfolio', 'Orkney Transmission Link', '16 km onshore route', 'The Orkney Link', 'EVP Nexans’ Generation', 'UK power network', 'climate action', 'renewable resources', 'two areas', 'electrical energy', 'a century', 'Power Generation', 'first company', 'compartment A.', 'cable systems', 'greatest resources', 'to 220MW', 'SSEN Transmission', 'network resilience', 'offshore sections', 'The Group', 'renewable electricity', 'cabling systems', '53km subsea', 'critical step', 'demand centres', 'clean energy', 'emergent technologies', 'major milestone', 'greatest supply', 'greatest demand', 'reliable energy', 'Pascal Radue', 'Ian Clark', 'crucial contracts', 'Siemens-BAM JV', 'RJ McLeod', 'strong track-record', 'challenging projects', 'Halden Norway', 'multiple locations', 'crucial role', 'safe, sustainable', '6.5 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'Net-Zero emissions', 'Investor relations', 'Orkney Islands', 'global leader', 'Subsea interconnectors', 'Celtic Interconnector', 'Crete-Attica Interconnector', 'decarbonized electricity', '15km land', 'new world', 'Euronext Paris', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'UK mainland', 'significant contract', 'Nexans’ plants', 'Nexans experts', 'mainland Scotland', 'Christopher Minardi', '53 km', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'Finstown', 'Dounreay', 'Caithness', 'production', 'installation', 'France', 'September', 'November', 'total', 'North', 'expansion', 'electrification', 'growth', 'case', 'abundance', 'oceans', 'delivery', 'places', 'access', 'consumers', 'relationship', 'Charleroi', 'Belgium', 'Cortaillod', 'Switzerland', 'state', 'planet', 'future', '28,500 people', '41 countries', 'everyone', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Foundation', 'SBTi', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45416,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946324/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Sep 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.5840 £ 25.6401 Estimated MTD return -0.48 % -0.34 % Estimated YTD return 3.76 % 4.36 % Estimated ITD return 185.84 % 156.40 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 27.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -4.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 260.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -11.86 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 258.1322 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 137.3698The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Premium/discount', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45417,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/the-eurofins-network-expands-its-biopharma-product-testing-offering-in-the-united-states-with-the-acquisition-of-infinity-laboratories-inc-93CH-3616641,The Eurofins Network Expands Its BioPharma Product Testing Offering in the United States With the Acquisition of Infinity Laboratories  Inc. By Investing.com,The Eurofins Network Expands Its BioPharma Product Testing Offering in the United States With the Acquisition of Infinity Laboratories  Inc.,"LUXEMBOURG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eurofins (Paris:ERF):Eurofins Scientific (EUFI.PA)  a global leader in BioPharma Product Testing  announces the closing of its acquisition of Infinity Laboratories  Inc. (Infinity). Founded in 1991  Infinity operates eight state-of-the-art laboratories across the United States and employs approximately 100 staff. Infinity's significant microbiology testing footprint with best-in-class systems provides local services in key regions of the country  expanding the Eurofins microbiology footprint. The company also offers chemistry  sterilisation  and package testing to pharmaceutical  biotechnology and medical device clients. Its package testing services in California provide an ideal complement to Eurofins' Pennsylvania-based package testing services. Infinity's core competencies  client relationships  and geographic coverage also complement and enhance the Eurofins network's extensive portfolio in BioPharma Product Testing and Medical Device Testing services to clients across the United States and around the world.The acquisition further bolsters the Eurofins BioPharma and Medical Device Testing network's national and global footprint to provide the most comprehensive and competitive service offering in the industry. In return  Infinity and its clients gain access to Eurofins' extensive laboratory network  analytical portfolio and leading IT systems.Comment from Dr Gilles Martin  Eurofins CEO: ""We are very pleased to welcome Infinity's teams to Eurofins. The addition of Infinity's laboratories and competencies to Eurofins' leading BioPharma Services network of companies further increases our leadership in providing the most innovative  high-quality and cost-competitive services and IT systems to our clients.About Eurofins “ the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. The Eurofins Scientific S.E. network of independent companies believes that it is a global leader in food  environment  pharmaceutical and cosmetic product testing and in discovery pharmacology  forensics  advanced material sciences and agroscience contract research services. It is also one of the market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics  and in the support of clinical studies  as well as in biopharma contract development and manufacturing. It also has a rapidly developing presence in highly specialised and molecular clinical diagnostic testing and in-vitro diagnostic products.With ca. 62 000 staff across a decentralised and entrepreneurial network of more than 900 laboratories in over 1 000 companies in 62 countries  Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods to evaluate the safety  identity  composition  authenticity  origin  traceability and purity of a wide range of products  as well as providing innovative clinical diagnostic testing services and in-vitro diagnostic products.Eurofins companies' broad range of services are important for the health and safety of people and our planet. The ongoing investment to become fully digital and maintain the best network of state-of-the-art laboratories and equipment supports our objective to provide our customers with high-quality services  innovative solutions and accurate results in the best possible turnaround time (TAT). Eurofins companies are well positioned to support clients' increasingly stringent quality and safety standards and the increasing demands of regulatory authorities as well as the evolving requirements of healthcare practitioners around the world.The Eurofins network has grown very strongly since its inception and its strategy is to continue expanding its technology portfolio and its geographic reach. Through R&D and acquisitions  its companies draw on the latest developments in the field of biotechnology and analytical chemistry to offer their clients unique analytical solutions.Shares in Eurofins Scientific S.E. are listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN FR0014000MR3  Reuters EUFI.PA  Bloomberg ERF FP).About InfinityInfinity Laboratories was founded in 1991 as a regional microbiology laboratory committed to quality solutions and customer success. Today  Infinity has expanded into eight facilities across the United States to proudly serve its pharmaceutical  biotechnology and medical device partners with the combined flexibility and customer engagement of a local partner and the best-in-class systems of a coast-to-coast network.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240915133411/en/Notes to Editors:For more information  please visit www.eurofins.com or contact:Investor RelationsEurofins Scientific SEPhone: +32 2 766 1620E-mail: ir@sc.eurofinseu.comSource: Eurofins Scientific SE",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['BioPharma Product Testing Offering', 'The Eurofins Network', 'United States', 'Investing.com', 'Acquisition', 'Infinity Laboratories', 'The Eurofins Scientific S.E. network', ""Eurofins' Pennsylvania-based package testing services"", 'innovative clinical diagnostic testing services', 'best possible turnaround time', 'molecular clinical diagnostic testing', 'agroscience contract research services', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'significant microbiology testing footprint', 'Medical Device Testing network', 'Medical Device Testing services', 'leading BioPharma Services network', ""Eurofins companies' broad range"", 'medical device partners', 'The Eurofins network', 'biopharma contract development', 'BioPharma Product Testing', 'cosmetic product testing', 'vitro diagnostic products', 'competitive service offering', 'Dr Gilles Martin', 'advanced material sciences', 'regional microbiology laboratory', 'Eurofins Scientific SE', 'Eurofins microbiology footprint', 'medical device clients', 'extensive laboratory network', 'leading IT systems', 'Bloomberg ERF FP', 'unique analytical solutions', 'best network', 'laboratory services', 'clinical studies', 'Eurofins BioPharma', 'innovative solutions', 'entrepreneurial network', 'coast network', 'local services', 'cost-competitive services', 'high-quality services', 'global footprint', 'innovative, high-quality', 'wide range', 'Eurofins CEO', 'quality solutions', 'class systems', 'extensive portfolio', '200,000 analytical methods', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'global leader', 'United States', 'key regions', 'ideal complement', 'client relationships', 'geographic coverage', 'analytical portfolio', 'market leaders', 'developing presence', 'ongoing investment', 'accurate results', 'stringent quality', 'increasing demands', 'regulatory authorities', 'evolving requirements', 'healthcare practitioners', 'geographic reach', 'R&D', 'latest developments', 'customer success', 'eight facilities', 'combined flexibility', 'customer engagement', 'local partner', 'Investor Relations', 'independent companies', 'technology portfolio', 'analytical chemistry', 'eight state', 'core competencies', 'ca. 62,000 staff', 'Reuters EUFI', 'source version', 'art laboratories', 'safety standards', 'pharmaceutical, biotechnology', '1,000 companies', '100 staff', 'Infinity Laboratories', '900 laboratories', 'LUXEMBOURG', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'country', 'company', 'sterilisation', 'California', 'world', 'national', 'comprehensive', 'industry', 'return', 'access', 'Comment', 'teams', 'addition', 'leadership', 'bio-analysis', 'Life', 'food', 'environment', 'discovery', 'pharmacology', 'forensics', 'genomics', 'support', 'manufacturing', 'specialised', 'decentralised', '62 countries', 'identity', 'composition', 'authenticity', 'origin', 'traceability', 'purity', 'people', 'planet', 'equipment', 'objective', 'customers', 'inception', 'strategy', 'field', 'Shares', 'ISIN', 'businesswire', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'information', 'Phone', 'mail', 'eurofinseu']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,investing.com
45418,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946326/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Sep 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.5840 £ 25.6401 Estimated MTD return -0.48 % -0.34 % Estimated YTD return 3.76 % 4.36 % Estimated ITD return 185.84 % 156.40 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 27.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -4.84 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 260.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -11.86 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 258.1322 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 137.3698The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Premium/discount', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45419,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946864/0/en/Solvay-acquisition-of-own-shares.html,Solvay: acquisition of own shares,Brussels  September 16  2024  6:00pm CEST -   Regulated information    In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 executing...,Brussels  September 16  2024  6:00pm CEST - Regulated informationIn accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 executing the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  Solvay SA hereby discloses certain information in relation to its Share Buyback Program  announced on August 1  2024.Solvay has repurchased 128 035 Solvay shares in the period from September 9  2024 up to and including September 13  2024  as follows:Date of repurchase Number of shares Average price paid Max price paid Min price paid Total Market 09-09-2024 556 31.4463 31.62 31.31 17 484.14 AQEU 09-09-2024 3 852 31.5051 31.62 31.34 121 357.65 CEUX 09-09-2024 441 31.4824 31.62 31.35 13 883.74 TQEX 09-09-2024 10 306 31.4733 31.68 31.29 324 363.83 XBRU 10-09-2024 975 31.3557 31.74 31.13 30 571.81 AQEU 10-09-2024 2 636 31.4303 31.97 31.06 82 850.27 CEUX 10-09-2024 1 758 31.2967 31.92 31.05 55 019.60 TQEX 10-09-2024 24 208 31.365 32.03 31.04 759 283.92 XBRU 11-09-2024 1 122 31.4387 31.48 31.41 35 274.22 AQEU 11-09-2024 3 930 31.4327 31.5 31.26 123 530.51 CEUX 11-09-2024 2 183 31.3554 31.49 31.15 68 448.84 TQEX 11-09-2024 9 472 31.4065 31.5 30.93 297 482.37 XBRU 12-09-2024 823 31.0123 31.3 30.88 25 523.12 AQEU 12-09-2024 10 403 30.9879 31.34 30.87 322 367.12 CEUX 12-09-2024 1 866 30.9861 31.1 30.88 57 820.06 TQEX 12-09-2024 35 602 31.097 31.37 30.92 1 107 115.39 XBRU 13-09-2024 407 31.3956 31.51 31.19 12 778.01 AQEU 13-09-2024 5 587 31.3558 31.58 30.99 175 184.85 CEUX 13-09-2024 991 31.2985 31.54 31 31 016.81 TQEX 13-09-2024 10 917 31.2467 31.54 30.94 341 120.22 XBRUAs of September 13  2024  Solvay held a total of 1 358 876 own shares  spread out as follows:1 055 947 Solvay shares held by Solvay SA; and302 929 Solvay shares held by Solvay Stock Option Management SRL (“SSOM”)  a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Solvay SA.ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Peter Boelaert+32 479 30 91 59Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen+32 484 65 30 47Kimberly King+ 1 470 464 4336media.relations@solvay.com Boris Cambon-Lalanne+32 471 55 37 49Geoffroy d’Oultremont+32 478 88 32 96Vincent Toussaint+33 6 74 87 85 65investor.relations@solvay.comSafe harborThis press release may contain forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements describe expectations  plans  strategies  goals  future events or intentions. The achievement of forward-looking statements contained in this press release is subject to risks and uncertainties relating to a number of factors  including general economic factors  interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations  changing market conditions  product competition  the nature of product development  impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  products withdrawals  regulatory approval processes  all-in scenario of R&I projects and other unusual items. Consequently  actual results or future events may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize  or should our assumptions prove inaccurate  actual results could vary materially from those anticipated. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.About SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of over 9 000 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we drink  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. Solvay’s unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. As a world-leading company with €4.9 billion in net sales in 2023  Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.36,0.32,True,English,"['Solvay', 'acquisition', 'shares', 'foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations', 'Solvay Stock Option Management SRL', 'Investor relations Peter Boelaert', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen', 'regulatory approval processes', 'R&I projects', 'other unusual items', 'soda ash process', 'innovative, sustainable solutions', 'pioneering chemical company', 'Contacts Media relations', 'general economic factors', 'founder Ernest Solvay', 'interest rate', 'essential solutions', 'The Company', 'world-leading company', '6:00pm CEST', 'Royal Decree', 'Belgian Code', 'Average price', 'Max price', 'Min price', 'indirect subsidiary', 'Kimberly King', 'Boris Cambon-Lalanne', 'Vincent Toussaint', 'Safe harbor', 'press release', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'market conditions', 'product competition', 'product development', 'actual results', 'pivotal innovations', 'essential needs', 'food supplies', 'eco-friendly clothing', 'unwavering commitment', 'carbon-neutral future', 'net sales', 'Solvay SA', 'Regulated information', 'Total Market', 'looking information', 'unknown risks', 'just transition', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Solvay Solvay', '128,035 Solvay shares', '1,055,947 Solvay shares', '302,929 Solvay shares', 'September', 'accordance', 'article', '29 April', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'August', 'period', 'Date', 'repurchase', 'Number', 'AQEU', 'CEUX', 'TQEX', 'XBRU', 'SSOM', 'Geoffroy', 'Oultremont', 'expectations', 'plans', 'strategies', 'goals', 'intentions', 'achievement', 'uncertainties', 'changing', 'nature', 'impact', 'acquisitions', 'divestitures', 'restructurings', 'products', 'withdrawals', 'scenario', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'legacy', 'workforce', '9,000 employees', 'power', 'chemistry', 'air', 'water', 'health', 'well-being', 'tires', 'cars', 'homes', 'dedication', 'sustainability', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'Linkedin', 'Attachment', '1,358,876', '32', '2050']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45420,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946913/0/en/Jefacture-com-receives-its-official-registration-number-for-mandatory-invoicing.html,Jefacture.com receives its official registration number for mandatory invoicing,Unifiedpost has obtained its official registration number for Jefacture.com with the PDP (Partner Dematerialization Platform) in France. Jefacture.com is an e-invoicing platform developed by Unifiedpost for ECMA  which enables French chartered accountants to …,Unifiedpost has obtained its official registration number for Jefacture.com with the PDP (Partner Dematerialization Platform) in France. Jefacture.com is an e-invoicing platform developed by Unifiedpost for ECMA  which enables French chartered accountants to transition their clients ahead of mandatory e-invoicing legislation in 2026.Unifiedpost partnered via a joint venture (set up in 2022) with the Expert-Comptable Media Association (ECMA)  the French organisation responsible for providing digital tools to chartered accountants and a subsidiary of the National Council of Certified Public Accountants  to launch its latest digital accounting platform in France. The registration with the PDP aligns with the French government's initiative to digitise and streamline the invoicing process for businesses.Jefacture.com is committed to supporting the accounting profession and businesses:Full compliance with invoice dematerialisation regulations  particularly Article 26 of the 2022 Amending Finance Law;Ability to issue and receive electronic invoices for domestic (e-invoicing) and international (e-reporting) operations;Interoperability with partner platforms through the use of the PEPPOL protocol;Capacity to integrate extra-financial information (CSR  energy consumption  etc.) for CSRD reporting;Secure data storage guaranteeing the integrity of exchanges;Transparent and adapted pricing for firms and companies;Developments centred on the needs of accountants and their clients  with an updated version (including the latest requirements defined by the French government dated 19.06.2024) to be presented at the next accountants' congress in Marseille on the 9th of October 2024.This registration highlights:Robust technology: Unifiedpost's technology is designed for easy integration with other software solutions. By seamlessly incorporating Unifiedpost’s e-invoicing compliance technology into Jefacture.com  Unifiedpost demonstrates the modularity and flexibility of its platform;Unifiedpost's technology is designed for easy integration with other software solutions. By seamlessly incorporating Unifiedpost’s e-invoicing compliance technology into Jefacture.com  Unifiedpost demonstrates the modularity and flexibility of its platform; Growing network: Strengthening Unifiedpost’s network within the digital processing ecosystem; andStrengthening Unifiedpost’s network within the digital processing ecosystem; and Regulatory upside: Unifiedpost’s established technology is ready to leverage the impact of regulatory implementation in France.Jefacture.com will pilot its regulatory compliance technology in 2024 to go live in 2025  ahead of the e-invoice regulatory mandates coming into effect in France in 2026.ContactAlex NicollInvestor RelationsUnifiedpost Groupalex.nicoll@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. For more information about Unifiedpost Group and its offerings  please visit our website: Unifiedpost Group | Global leaders in digital solutionsNoteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2023 group revenue €191 million1.200+ employeesOffices in 33 countriesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPGAbout ECMABeing a non-profit organisation created by the French National Council of the Order of Chartered Accountants  ECMA provides digital solutions simplifying and securing daily business of chartered accountants. ECMA supports French chartered accountants and their clients to their constantly digital transformation. Among these solutions  jefacture.com is the e-invoicing platform designed by chartered accountants for their clients. jefacture.com is used on a daily basis by thousands of accounting firms and SME’s.Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements: The statements contained herein may include prospects  statements of future expectations  opinions  and other forward-looking statements in relation to the expected future performance of Unifiedpost Group and the markets in which it is active. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions regarding future events. By nature  they involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that appear justified at the time at which they are made but may not turn out to be accurate. Actual results  performance or events may  therefore  differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law  Unifiedpost Group does not undertake any obligation to update  clarify or correct any forward-looking statements contained in this press release in light of new information  future events or otherwise and disclaims any liability in respect hereto. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.65,0.35,0.0,True,English,"['official registration number', 'Jefacture.com', 'mandatory invoicing', 'Belgium Certified Swift partner International M&A track record', 'Investor Relations Unifiedpost Group alex', 'social security service providers', 'proven track record', 'Certified Public Accountants', 'latest digital accounting platform', 'Partner Dematerialization Platform', 'mandatory e-invoicing legislation', 'invoice dematerialisation regulations', '2022 Amending Finance Law', 'Secure data storage', 'digital processing ecosystem', 'invoice regulatory mandates', 'financial value chain', ""next accountants' congress"", 'Expert-Comptable Media Association', 'other software solutions', 'leading cloud-based platform', 'official registration number', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'other forward-looking statements', 'French National Council', 'regulatory compliance technology', 'SME business services', 'invoicing compliance technology', 'French chartered accountants', 'partner platforms', 'latest requirements', 'Alex Nicoll', 'financial services', '100% cloud-based platform', 'Full compliance', 'other parties', 'digital solutions', 'accounting profession', 'digital tools', 'digital transformation', 'French organisation', 'French government', 'Regulatory upside', 'regulatory implementation', '2023 group revenue', 'public organisations', 'daily business', 'invoicing platform', 'financial processes', 'National Bank', 'invoicing process', 'one-stop-shop solutions', 'accounting firms', 'joint venture', 'electronic invoices', 'PEPPOL protocol', 'energy consumption', 'adapted pricing', 'updated version', 'Robust technology', 'easy integration', 'seamless connections', 'Global leaders', 'Noteworthy facts', '1.200+ employees', 'Diverse portfolio', 'wide variety', 'large internationals', 'payment institution', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'non-profit organisation', 'daily basis', 'Cautionary note', 'future expectations', 'future performance', 'current views', 'Jefacture.com', 'extra-financial information', 'CSRD reporting', 'Growing network', 'Unifiedpost Payments', 'PDP', 'France', 'ECMA', 'clients', 'subsidiary', 'initiative', 'businesses', 'Article', 'Ability', 'domestic', 'operations', 'use', 'Capacity', 'integrity', 'exchanges', 'Transparent', 'companies', 'Developments', 'needs', 'Marseille', '9th', 'October', 'modularity', 'flexibility', 'impact', 'effect', 'Contact', 'Documents', 'Identity', 'administrative', 'real-time', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'mission', 'offerings', 'website', 'figures', 'Offices', '33 countries', 'industries', 'banking', 'leasing', 'utilities', 'telecommunications', 'travel', 'SMEs', 'symbol', 'UPG', 'Order', 'constantly', 'thousands', 'prospects', 'opinions', 'expected', 'markets', 'management', 'assumptions']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45421,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946846/0/en/Weekly-report-share-buyback-from-September-9-to-September-13-2024.html,Weekly report share buyback from September 9 to September 13  2024,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from September 9  2024  to September 13  2024.,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from September 9  2024  to September 13  2024.These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Regarding shares to be cancelled:Name of the Issuer Identity code of the Issuer Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/9/2024 NL0014559478 30 100 20 732488 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/10/2024 NL0014559478 30 100 20 685589 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/11/2024 NL0014559478 30 100 20 166959 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/12/2024 NL0014559478 30 025 20 456178 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/13/2024 NL0014559478 28 000 21 450885 XPAR TOTAL 148 325 20 687889Regarding shares to be used to fulfil the company’s obligations under equity compensation plans:Name of the issuer Identity Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/9/2024 NL0014559478 12 900 20 732864 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/10/2024 NL0014559478 12 900 20 701967 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/11/2024 NL0014559478 12 900 20 166813 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/12/2024 NL0014559478 12 472 20 444870 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 9/13/2024 NL0014559478 12 000 21 443228 XPAR TOTAL 63 172 20 689045For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on: https://investors.technipenergies.com/notice-trading-own-shares .About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 16 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter.For further information: www.ten.com .ContactsInvestors relationsPhillip LindsayVice-President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 203 429 3929Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media LeadTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Weekly report share buyback', 'September', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'robust project delivery model', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Phillip Lindsay Vice-President', 'Total daily volume', 'Social Media Lead', 'Technip Energies shares', 'equity compensation plans', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'investment services provider', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'growing market positions', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Issuer Identity code', 'leadership positions', 'services offering', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Identity Day', 'MIC Code', 'shares Market', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'discretionary mandate', 'Issuer Day', 'financial instrument', 'detailed declaration', 'leading Engineering', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'innovative projects', 'Investors relations', 'shares purchases', 'buyback program', 'detailed information', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Technology company', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'September', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'number', 'obligations', 'objectives', 'technipenergies', 'own-shares', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '16,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45422,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/09/16/choreo-llc-acquires-shares-of-1679-public-storage-nysepsa/,Choreo LLC Acquires Shares of 1 679 Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Choreo LLC purchased a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the second quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund purchased 1 679 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  …,Choreo LLC purchased a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the second quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund purchased 1 679 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $476 000.Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC raised its holdings in Public Storage by 2.5% during the 4th quarter. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC now owns 1 562 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $476 000 after purchasing an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. Signet Financial Management LLC raised its holdings in Public Storage by 2.1% during the 1st quarter. Signet Financial Management LLC now owns 1 913 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $555 000 after purchasing an additional 39 shares during the last quarter. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. raised its holdings in Public Storage by 0.9% during the 2nd quarter. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. now owns 4 174 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 201 000 after purchasing an additional 39 shares during the last quarter. Brookstone Capital Management raised its holdings in Public Storage by 3.4% during the 1st quarter. Brookstone Capital Management now owns 1 222 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $354 000 after purchasing an additional 40 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC raised its holdings in Public Storage by 3.5% during the 1st quarter. Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC now owns 1 232 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $357 000 after purchasing an additional 42 shares during the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Trading Up 0.0 %Shares of Public Storage stock opened at $359.16 on Monday. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $233.18 and a 12-month high of $361.23. The business’s 50 day moving average is $320.20 and its 200-day moving average is $293.11. The company has a quick ratio of 0.93  a current ratio of 0.93 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72. The stock has a market cap of $62.86 billion  a P/E ratio of 32.62  a P/E/G ratio of 5.06 and a beta of 0.67.Public Storage Announces DividendPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 earnings per share for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.20 by ($1.54). Public Storage had a net margin of 44.88% and a return on equity of 36.55%. The business had revenue of $921.70 million during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.16 billion. During the same quarter last year  the company posted $4.28 EPS. The firm’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.73 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Monday  September 30th. Investors of record on Friday  September 13th will be paid a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.34%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday  September 13th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 108.99%.Wall Street Analysts Forecast GrowthSeveral analysts have weighed in on the company. Citigroup boosted their price objective on Public Storage from $303.00 to $378.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday  August 30th. Barclays boosted their price objective on Public Storage from $327.00 to $374.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday  August 22nd. Wolfe Research upgraded Public Storage to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday  September 4th. Wells Fargo & Company boosted their target price on Public Storage from $310.00 to $320.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday  July 26th. Finally  Scotiabank boosted their target price on Public Storage from $308.00 to $339.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Thursday  August 22nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  seven have assigned a hold rating  five have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $325.15.View Our Latest Report on PSAPublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Choreo LLC', '1,679 Public Storage', 'Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'Assenagon Asset Management S.A.', 'Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC', 'Signet Financial Management LLC', 'Gryphon Financial Partners LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'Brookstone Capital Management', 'One investment analyst', 'Wall Street Analysts', '50 day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'Shurgard Self Storage', 'Equities research analysts', 'sector perform” rating', 'current fiscal year', '35% common equity interest', 'Other institutional investors', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'Public Storage Profile', 'strong buy rating', 'average target price', 'quarterly earnings results', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Dividend Public Storage', 'Choreo LLC', 'S&P 500', 'Public Storage stock', 'net margin', 'Several analysts', 'average rating', 'current ratio', 'year basis', 'buy” rating', 'quarterly dividend', 'Moderate Buy', 'price objective', 'overweight” rating', 'Wolfe Research', 'research report', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'new stake', 'recent disclosure', 'Exchange Commission', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'market cap', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'Wells Fargo', 'July 26th', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Latest Report', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'second quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'same quarter', 'NYSE:PSA', 'United States', 'additional 38 shares', 'additional 39 shares', 'additional 40 shares', 'additional 42 shares', 'September 13th', '$3.00 dividend', '$12.00 dividend', '16.73 earnings', '40 states', '1,679 shares', '1,562 shares', '1,913 shares', '4,174 shares', '1,222 shares', '1,232 shares', 'Securities', 'fund', 'changes', 'positions', 'company', 'holdings', 'Monday', 'business', 'debt', 'beta', 'Tuesday', 'return', 'revenue', 'firm', 'record', 'Friday', 'yield', 'DPR', 'Growth', 'Citigroup', 'August', 'Barclays', 'Thursday', 'Wednesday', 'Scotiabank', 'data', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', '36.']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,etfdailynews.com
45423,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/16/2946339/0/en/Tonner-Drones-Board-and-Management-Changes-Lead-to-Further-Debt-Reduction.html,Tonner Drones: Board and Management Changes Lead to Further Debt Reduction,Cannes  16 September 2024 08:00  Tonner Drones (the “Company”) announces that Jean-François Ott will be stepping down as Chairman of the board of directors and Brad Taylor will be stepping down as director and CEO. In the context of their departures  the Comp…,"Cannes  16 September 2024 08:00  Tonner Drones (the “Company”) announces that Jean-François Ott will be stepping down as Chairman of the board of directors and Brad Taylor will be stepping down as director and CEO. In the context of their departures  the Company will also be able to further reduce overall debt by more than €800.000  and lower its operational costs.Mr. Ott has decided to step down as Chairman of the board of directors with immediate effect but will remain as a director of the Company until the shareholders’ general meeting scheduled for 21 October 2024 (the “General Meeting”). In addition  Mr. Taylor has decided to step down as CEO with immediate effect  and also to step down as a director following the General Meeting. Current director  D.M. van den Ouden  will remain on the board of directors and take over as Chairman and CEO with immediate effect.Among other agenda items that shareholders will find the in the General Meeting convening notice to be published later this week  shareholders will vote on the appointment of two new directors  Mr. David Cloetingh and Mr. Olaf Graeff  to replace Mr. Ott and Mr. Taylor. The detailed biographies of Mr. Cloetingh and Mr. Graeff will be found in the General Meeting convening notice.In the context of their departures  and to assist the Company in its debt and cost reduction efforts  Mr. Ott and Mr. Taylor  along with their related entities  have agreed to the following subject to shareholder approval at the General Meeting:Exchange approximately € 800 000 in vendor loan receivables that they hold against the Company for shares in one of the Company’s non-strategic minority holdings.Return 1 000 000 warrants at an exercise price of € 5.00 that were issued to them in June of 2023.Cancel 1 000 000 in warrants as well as € 3 million in potential earnouts and 2 000 000 in potential warrants associated with the earnouts to which they had a claimRestrict sales of their shares in the Company to the following: 5% of the daily volume for the first two months after the General Meeting (1 st and 2 nd months). 8% of the daily volume for the next two months thereafter (3 rd and 4 th months). 10% of the daily volume for the next two months thereafter (5th and 6 th months). No further limits after six months.“I would like to thank Mr. Ott and Mr. Taylor for their leadership and the work that they have done since June 2023 in managing and restructuring the Company”. said D.M. van den Ouden. “Today’s proposed measures will further reduce the Company's debt by €800.000 and also reduce its cost structure. We still have work to do  but I am confident that the Company is on a solid foundation to continue being to built up.”“Jean-François and I joined the Company when it was in a distressed and fragile condition ” said Brad Taylor  CEO. “We are pleased to have been able to stabilise the Company such that it is well positioned for a bright future as we now shift more of our concentration towards our other businesses.”Mr. Ott and Mr. Taylor will remain available to Mr. van den Ouden and the new management in an ongoing advisory capacity as needed and Mr. Ott’s company  Ott Heritage  will continue to follow the Company with great interest as a key shareholder.End of press-release.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones (formerly Delta Drone) develops technologies for logistics and defense and homeland security sectors. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some promising French drone manufacturers. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to leverage its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management  a private equity fund  and by teaming up with other private equity funds to become a significant industry consolidator. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones to recognized manufacturers. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.com / contact@tonnerdrones.comTonner DronesDiede van den OudenCommunication financièreinvestors@tonnerdrones.comWarningRegarding the merits of any transaction or the making of any investment decision. It does not constitute or include any confirmation or commitment by Tonner Drones (or any other person) regarding the present or future value of TonnerDrones' business  its securities  its subsidiaries or any other assets of TonnerDrones.This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs and expectations regarding future events. These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations regarding future financial results  events  operations and services. and product development  as well as statements regarding performance or events. These statements are generally identified by the terms ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""may""  ""should"" or the negative form of these and other similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions regarding TonnerDrones and its subsidiaries and investments  trends in their businesses  future capital expenditures and acquisitions  developments relating to contingent liabilities  changes in global economic conditions or TonnerDrones' principal markets  competitive market conditions and regulatory factors. The realization of these events is uncertain; their outcome could turn out to be different from that envisaged today  which is likely to significantly affect the expected results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Except as required by applicable law  TonnerDrones undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements  taking into account new information or future events.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.04,mixed,0.44,0.24,0.32,True,English,"['Further Debt Reduction', 'Tonner Drones', 'Management Changes', 'Board', 'D.M. van den Ouden', 'Diede van den Ouden', 'Mr. van den Ouden', 'other private equity funds', 'promising French drone manufacturers', 'General Meeting convening notice', 'vendor loan receivables', 'strategic minority holdings', 'ongoing advisory capacity', 'homeland security sectors', 'significant industry consolidator', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Communication financière', 'other agenda items', 'cost reduction efforts', 'active asset management', 'first two months', 'next two months', 'future financial results', 'Mr. David Cloetingh', 'Mr. Olaf Graeff', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'Jean-François Ott', 'two new directors', 'shareholders’ general meeting', 'R&D', 'new management', 'Delta Drone', 'Mr. Cloetingh', 'Mr. Graeff', 'other businesses', 'other person', 'other assets', 'cost structure', '2 nd months', '4 th months', '6 th months', 'six months', 'Mr. Ott', 'Mr. Taylor', 'bright future', 'future value', 'Ott Heritage', 'Brad Taylor', 'operational costs', 'immediate effect', 'detailed biographies', 'related entities', 'following subject', 'shareholder approval', 'exercise price', 'daily volume', 'solid foundation', 'fragile condition', 'great interest', 'key shareholder', 'valuable stakes', 'Additional revenues', 'ISIN code', 'More information', 'investment decision', 'press release', 'current beliefs', 'underlying assumptions', 'product development', 'future events', 'potential earnouts', 'looking statements', 'overall debt', 'potential warrants', 'Current director', ""TonnerDrones' business"", '1,000,000 warrants', 'Cannes', 'Company', 'Chairman', 'board', 'CEO', 'context', 'departures', '21 October', 'appointment', 'Exchange', 'shares', 'June', 'claim', 'sales', 'limits', 'leadership', 'work', 'measures', 'concentration', 'press-release', 'technologies', 'logistics', 'defense', 'shareholdings', 'companies', 'royalties', 'patents', 'factory', 'products', 'systems', 'France', 'Warning', 'merits', 'transaction', 'making', 'confirmation', 'commitment', 'present', 'securities', 'subsidiaries', 'forward', 'expectations', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'operations', 'services', 'performance', 'terms']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,globenewswire.com
45424,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/e-pharma-announces-oral-presentation-at-esmo-congress-2024-with-updated-results-from-noxa12-gloria-phase-12-trial-in-glioblastoma-93CH-3616670,™E Pharma Announces Oral Presentation at ESMO Congress 2024 With Updated Results From NOX-A12 GLORIA Phase 1/2 Trial in Glioblastoma By Investing.com,™E Pharma Announces Oral Presentation at ESMO Congress 2024 With Updated Results From NOX-A12 GLORIA Phase 1/2 Trial in Glioblastoma,"Presentation highlights data from the combined inhibition of angiogenesis and vasculogenesis with NOX-A12 and bevacizumab in newly diagnosed glioblastoma patientsCombination of NOX-A12 and bevacizumab resulted in significantly improved survival compared to matched standard of care cohort or NOX-A12 aloneMarked decrease in tumor blood-flow supports the NOX-A12 combination's mode of actionBERLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:™E Pharma N.V. (Euronext Growth Paris: AL™E)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of cancer by targeting the tumor microenvironment (™E)  announced an oral presentation by Dr. Frank A. Giordano  lead investigator of the NOX-A12 GLORIA Phase 1/2 trial in first-line brain cancer (glioblastoma)  taking place on Sunday  September 15  2024  at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Barcelona  Spain. The presentation provided the updated results and key conclusions from the combined therapy with NOX-A12 and bevacizumab in newly diagnosed glioblastoma patients resistant to standard chemotherapy (MGMT unmethylated) with residual detectable tumor after surgery.In the presentation  Dr. Giordano highlighted that inhibition of two paths of brain tumor revascularization after radiation “ vasculogenesis with NOX-A12 and angiogenesis with bevacizumab “ resulted in deeper clinical responses  i.e. stronger shrinkage of tumor size compared to NOX-A12 therapy alone. The research showed a significant decrease in tumor perfusion which supports the suggested mode of action of the combination therapy. The presentation also reveals that the deeper responses to the combination therapy with NOX-A12 and bevacizumab translate to significantly longer median progression free survival (mPFS: 9.1 months  p=0.003) and median overall survival (mOS: 19.9 months  p=0.005) compared to a matched SOC reference cohort (mPFS: 4.0 months; mOS: 9.5 months) or to NOX-A12 alone (mPFS: 5.7 months; mOS: 12.7 months). Two out of the six glioblastoma patients in the NOX-A12 + bevacizumab arm of the GLORIA trial survived for more than 26 months since the start of therapy.The median OS of 19.9 months achieved in patients receiving combination therapy in the GLORIA study is especially exciting when considering the prognosis this chemotherapy-refractory patient population with residual detectable tumor after surgery would otherwise face on current standard of care  notably survival of approximately 10 months  said Aram Mangasarian  CEO of ™E Pharma. What further strengthens our confidence in our dual inhibition approach is the tumor tissue analysis showing spatially distinct expression patterns of NOX-A12's target CXCL12 and VEGF. This indicates that the two different ways of growing blood vessels occur in different tumor structures: vasculogenesis driven by NOX-A12's target  and angiogenesis driven by bevacizumab's target. This helps explain why combined inhibition of both pathways is needed to effectively prevent tumor vasculature restoration after radiotherapy.Details of the oral presentation at the ESMO Congress 2024 are as follows:Dual inhibition of postradiogenic angio-vasculogenesis in glioblastoma: Results of the phase 1/2 GLORIA trialPresenter: Dr. Frank A. Giordano  Chair of the Department of Radiation Oncology  University Medical Center Mannheim  GermanySession: Mini oral session: CNS tumorsTime and Date: 08.30-8.35 a.m. CEST  Sunday  September 15  2024The full presentation is available online via the ™E Pharma website.About ™E Pharma™E Pharma is a clinical-stage company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of the most aggressive cancers. The company's oncology-focused pipeline is designed to act on the tumor microenvironment (™E) and the cancer immunity cycle by breaking tumor protection barriers against the immune system and blocking tumor repair. By neutralizing chemokines in the ™E  ™E Pharma's approach works in combination with other forms of treatment to weaken tumor defenses and enable greater therapeutic impact. In the GLORIA Phase 1/2 clinical trial  ™E Pharma is studying its lead drug candidate NOX-A12 in newly diagnosed brain cancer patients who will not benefit clinically from standard chemotherapy. ™E Pharma has delivered top-line data from the NOX-A12 three dose-escalation cohorts combined with radiotherapy of the GLORIA clinical trial  observing consistent tumor reductions and objective tumor responses. Additionally  GLORIA expansion arms evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in other combinations where the interim results from the triple combination of NOX-A12  radiotherapy and bevacizumab suggest even deeper and more durable responses  and improved survival. US FDA has approved the design of a randomized Phase 2 trial in glioblastoma and ™E Pharma was awarded fast track designation by the FDA for NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy and bevacizumab for use in the treatment of the aggressive adult brain cancer  glioblastoma. NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy had also previously received orphan drug designation (ODD) for glioblastoma in the United States and glioma in Europe. ™E Pharma has delivered final top-line data with encouraging overall survival and safety profile from its NOX-A12 combination trial with Keytruda ® in metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients  which was published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer in October 2021. The company has entered in its second collaboration with MSD/Merck for its Phase 2 study  OPTIMUS  to further evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in combination with Merck's Keytruda ® and two different chemotherapy regimens as second-line therapy in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. The design of the trial has been approved in France  Spain and the United States. The company's second clinical-stage drug candidate  NOX-E36  is designed to target the innate immune system. ™E Pharma is considering several solid tumors for further clinical development. Further information can be found at: www.tmepharma.com.™E Pharma ® and the ™E Pharma logo are registered trademarks.Keytruda ® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp (OTC: ) & Dohme Corp.Visit ™E Pharma on LinkedIn and X.About the GLORIA StudyGLORIA (NCT04121455) is ™E Pharma's dose-escalation  Phase 1/2 study of NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy in first-line partially resected or unresected glioblastoma (brain cancer) patients with unmethylated MGMT promoter (resistant to standard chemotherapy). GLORIA further evaluates safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 three additional arms combining NOX-A12 with: A. radiotherapy in patients with complete tumor resection; B. radiotherapy and bevacizumab; and C. radiotherapy and pembrolizumab.About the OPTIMUS StudyOPTIMUS (NCT04901741) is ™E Pharma's planned open-label two-arm Phase 2 study of NOX-A12 combined with pembrolizumab and nanoliposomal irinotecan/5-FU/leucovorin or gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in microsatellite-stable metastatic pancreatic cancer patients.DisclaimerTranslations of any press release into languages other than English are intended solely as a convenience to the non-English-reading audience. The company has attempted to provide an accurate translation of the original text in English  but due to the nuances in translating into another language  slight differences may exist. This press release includes certain disclosures that contain ""forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on ™E Pharma's current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties  risks and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include  but are not limited to  the risks inherent in oncology drug development  including clinical trials and the timing of and ™E Pharma's ability to obtain regulatory approvals for NOX-A12 as well as any other drug candidates. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are made as of this date  and ™E Pharma undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240916125655/en/For more information  please contact:™E Pharma N.V.Aram Mangasarian  Ph.D.  CEOTel. +49 (0) 30 16637082 0investors@tmepharma.comInvestor and Media Relations:LifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van RenterghemTel. +41 (0) 76 735 01 31gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.comNewCapArthur RouillÃ©Tel. +33 (0) 1 44 71 00 15arouille@newcap.frSource: ™E Pharma N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.21,0.22,True,English,"['NOX-A12 GLORIA Phase 1/2 Trial', '™E Pharma', 'Oral Presentation', 'ESMO Congress', 'Updated', 'Results', 'Glioblastoma', 'Investing', 'com', 'GLORIA Phase 1/2 clinical trial', 'NOX-A12 GLORIA Phase 1/2 trial', 'phase 1/2 GLORIA trial', 'University Medical Center Mannheim', 'Dr. Frank A. Giordano', 'NOX-A12 three dose-escalation cohorts', 'aggressive adult brain cancer', 'median progression free survival', '™E Pharma N.V.', 'randomized Phase 2 trial', 'GLORIA clinical trial', 'GLORIA expansion arms', 'first-line brain cancer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'chemotherapy-refractory patient population', 'distinct expression patterns', 'CNS tumors Time', 'greater therapeutic impact', 'fast track designation', 'brain tumor revascularization', 'cancer immunity cycle', 'residual detectable tumor', 'tumor tissue analysis', 'different tumor structures', 'tumor vasculature restoration', 'tumor protection barriers', 'consistent tumor reductions', 'SOC reference cohort', 'two different ways', 'lead drug candidate', 'brain cancer patients', 'deeper clinical responses', 'objective tumor responses', 'median overall survival', 'Mini oral session', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', '™E Pharma website', 'six glioblastoma patients', 'Dr. Giordano', 'dual inhibition approach', 'GLORIA study', 'Medical Oncology', 'median OS', 'aggressive cancers', 'tumor blood-flow', 'tumor microenvironment', 'tumor size', 'tumor perfusion', 'tumor repair', 'tumor defenses', 'lead investigator', 'two paths', 'deeper responses', 'Germany Session', 'clinical-stage company', 'durable responses', 'combined inhibition', 'care cohort', 'Marked decrease', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'AL™E', 'novel therapies', 'European Society', 'ESMO) Congress', 'key conclusions', 'stronger shrinkage', 'significant decrease', 'Aram Mangasarian', 'blood vessels', 'ESMO Congress', 'postradiogenic angio-vasculogenesis', 'Radiation Oncology', 'oncology-focused pipeline', 'immune system', 'other forms', 'other combinations', 'orphan dru', 'oral presentation', 'standard chemotherapy', 'current standard', 'updated results', 'interim results', 'triple combination', 'NOX-A12 +', 'top-line data', 'US FDA', 'full presentation', 'radiation “ vasculogenesis', 'target CXCL12', 'combination therapy', 'NOX-A12 therapy', 'bevacizumab arm', 'NOX-A12 combination', 'angiogenesis', 'mode', 'action', 'BERLIN', 'treatment', 'place', 'Sunday', 'September', 'Barcelona', 'Spain', 'MGMT', 'surgery', 'research', 'longer', 'mPFS', '9.1 months', 'mOS', '19.9 months', '4.0 months', '26 months', 'start', 'prognosis', '10 months', 'CEO', 'confidence', 'VEGF.', 'pathways', 'radiotherapy', 'Details', 'Presenter', 'Chair', 'Department', 'CEST', 'chemokines', 'safety', 'efficacy', '9.5', '5.7', '12.7', '08', '35']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,investing.com
45425,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/technology/make-entrepreneurs-into-celebrities-startup-event-chaired-by-u2s-the-edge-tells-founders/a466387628.html,‘Make entrepreneurs into celebrities ’ startup event chaired by U2’s The Edge tells founders,Entrepreneurs need to be “put on a pedestal” and ”treated like celebrities”  a gathering of high-powered investors and entrepreneurs was told in Dublin today.,"Endeavor Ireland  a non-profit organisation with senior technology entrepreneurs and investors  is kicking off a three-day series of events around DublinThe Edge of U2 in conversation with Manna founder Bobby Healy at Endeavor Ireland’s event in Dublin. Photo: Adrian WecklerEntrepreneurs need to be “put on a pedestal” and ”treated like celebrities”  a gathering of high-powered investors and entrepreneurs was told in Dublin today.Endeavor Ireland  a non-profit start-up growth organisation which is chaired by U2 guitarist The Edge  kicked off a three-day series of events that will see hundreds of entrepreneurs descend on Dublin to network and discuss growth strategies.Senior Irish tech figures at the event included Manna CEO Bobby Healy  Cubic Telecom CEO Barry Napier and Ding founder Mark Roden.“We highlight incredible musicians and others as celebrities  but how do we make entrepreneurs celebrities?” asked Joanna Rees  executive chair of US marketing firm West Global  at the event.“We need to put them on a pedestal and make them celebrities here.”The Edge of U2 in conversation with Manna founder Bobby Healy at Endeavor Ireland’s event in Dublin. Photo: Adrian WecklerOther panellists contributing to the event included Martin Escobari  head of global growth and managing director at General Atlantic  the giant venture capital firm founded by the late Irish-American philanthropist Chuck Feeney.The event  held in Dublin’s Euronext exchange building beside Trinity College  was also addressed by junior enterprise minister Dara Calleary and Leo Clancy  CEO of Enterprise Ireland.Endeavor Ireland  an offshoot of the global non-profit organisation Endeavor  was set up in 2019 with The Edge as its founding chairman.It provides advice  networking  marketing and investment support to founders. In its five years operating in Ireland  it has worked with 14 founders from 10 Irish companies  including Cubic Telecom  Strong Roots  LearnUpon  Wayflyer  Gym+Coffee  XOcean  Keelvar  Thérapie Group  Sculpted by Aimee  and Overhaul.Collectively  the firms employ over 3 000 staff and generate revenues of over €600m.“I first became involved in bringing Endeavor to Ireland because I saw the benefits that this non-profit organisation could bring to founders here ” said The Edge.“I believe in the network’s ability to support founders to reach their fullest potential from here at home  with experience and expertise from around the globe allowing Irish companies to grow and develop to a global scale from the island of Ireland.""I’ve seen this first hand in Endeavor Ireland’s first five years  and I’m delighted to welcome our local founders along with members of the global Endeavour network to my hometown of Dublin this week.”Globally  the organisation admits 80 founders into its ‘international selection panel’ process every year. Since Endeavor was founded in 1997  around 2 600 founders have been selected through this process.A total of 34 founders from 19 companies and 16 countries will be pitching to be accepted into the global Endeavor network at the international selection panel even in Dublin this week.Karl Gilbert  co-founder and CEO of Raylo  a consumer device leasing and circular economy business based in Belfast  is the Endeavor Ireland candidate.Endeavor Ireland board member Elaine Coughlan  of Atlantic Bridge  will represent Ireland on the selection panel.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['startup event', 'The Edge', 'entrepreneurs', 'celebrities', 'U2', 'founders', 'junior enterprise minister Dara Calleary', 'giant venture capital firm', 'Manna founder Bobby Healy', 'Manna CEO Bobby Healy', 'Senior Irish tech figures', 'Endeavor Ireland board member', 'international selection panel’ process', 'non-profit start-up growth organisation', 'late Irish-American philanthropist', 'Euronext exchange building', 'Thérapie Group', 'consumer device leasing', 'circular economy business', 'US marketing firm', 'senior technology entrepreneurs', 'global Endeavour network', 'global non-profit organisation', 'first five years', 'Cubic Telecom CEO', 'Endeavor Ireland candidate', 'global Endeavor network', 'Enterprise Ireland', 'global growth', 'Ding founder', 'growth strategies', 'West Global', 'global scale', 'first hand', '10 Irish companies', 'three-day series', 'The Edge', 'Adrian Weckler', 'Barry Napier', 'Mark Roden', 'incredible musicians', 'Joanna Rees', 'executive chair', 'Other panellists', 'Martin Escobari', 'managing director', 'General Atlantic', 'Chuck Feeney', 'Trinity College', 'Leo Clancy', 'founding chairman', 'investment support', 'Strong Roots', 'fullest potential', 'Karl Gilbert', 'Elaine Coughlan', 'Atlantic Bridge', 'high-powered investors', 'U2 guitarist', 'local founders', 'entrepreneurs celebrities', '19 companies', '14 founders', '80 founders', '2,600 founders', '34 founders', 'events', 'Dublin', 'conversation', 'Photo', 'pedestal', 'gathering', 'hundreds', 'others', 'head', 'offshoot', 'advice', 'networking', 'LearnUpon', 'Wayflyer', 'Gym+Coffee', 'XOcean', 'Keelvar', 'Aimee', 'Overhaul', 'firms', '3,000 staff', 'revenues', 'benefits', 'ability', 'home', 'experience', 'expertise', 'globe', 'island', 'members', 'total', '16 countries', 'Raylo', 'Belfast']",2024-09-16,2024-09-17,independent.ie
45426,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.afp.com/en/news/1313/verimatrix-xtd-network-monitoringtm-enhances-app-protection-advanced-threat-detection-202409179769571,Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™ Enhances In-App Protection with Advanced Threat Detection,Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX  FR0010291245)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced the general availability of its Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™ feature  expanding its suite of application cybersecurity solutions to combat evolving network-related threats.,"Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX  FR0010291245)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced the general availability of its Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™ feature  expanding its suite of application cybersecurity solutions to combat evolving network-related threats.Verimatrix XTD has long been at the forefront of identifying and neutralizing mobile app cyberthreats. The new Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™ feature builds on this expertise  offering advanced capabilities to detect and prevent communication with malicious servers. By performing in-depth DNS cache analysis  monitoring for phishing sites  and implementing malware command-and-control (C2) detection  Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™ provides a robust defense against sophisticated network attacks.These features work together to protect users and their data from threats specific to smartphone applications. DNS cache analysis in this context involves examining the app's record of internet addresses of servers it has contacted  helping to identify if the app has communicated with potentially nefarious actors. Monitoring for phishing is crucial for mobile apps  especially those handling sensitive information like banking apps  as it helps detect and prevent the app from connecting to certain internet addresses that could potentially steal user credentials. Malware command-and-control (C2) detection for mobile apps focuses on detecting and preventing waves of attacks from devices that have been compromised to steal data and control applications. These security measures are particularly important for mobile apps because smartphones often contain a wealth of personal data and are frequently used for sensitive operations like online banking or shopping.This new feature significantly enhances the protective measures available to Verimatrix customers  ensuring their networks remain secure against modern cyberthreats. By leveraging cutting-edge technology and Verimatrix's commitment to proactive security  Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™ offers a multi-layered approach to safeguarding critical network infrastructure and sensitive data.""The ability to quickly identify and neutralize network-based threats is crucial "" said Tom Powledge  Head of Cybersecurity Business for Verimatrix. ""Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™ addresses this need by providing real-time detection of malicious activities  from phishing attempts to sophisticated malware communications. This feature provides mobile app developers and security teams with essential tools to enhance their application security protections and ensure regulatory compliance.”Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™ seamlessly integrates with existing Verimatrix XTD services  offering a comprehensive security solution that addresses multiple aspects of application cybersecurity.About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX  FR0010291245) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure premium movies  live streaming sports  sensitive financial and healthcare data  mission-critical mobile applications  and much more. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240917976957/en/Verimatrix Investor Contact:Jean-François Labadie  Chief Financial Officerfinance@verimatrix.comSEITOSEI.ACTIFINMathilde Guillemot-Costesmathilde.guillemot@seitosei-actifin.comMichael ScholzeMichael.scholze@seitosei-actifin.comVerimatrix Media Contact:Matthew Zintelmatthew.zintel@zintelpr.com© Business Wire  Inc.Disclaimer:This press release is not a document produced by AFP. AFP shall not bear responsibility for its content. In case you have any questions about this press release  please refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the press release.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.52,0.48,0.0,True,English,"['Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™', 'Advanced Threat Detection', 'App Protection', 'new Verimatrix XTD Network Monitoring™ feature', 'existing Verimatrix XTD services', 'depth DNS cache analysis', 'critical network infrastructure', 'sophisticated network attacks', 'valuable revenue streams', 'Jean-François Labadie', 'Mathilde Guillemot-Costes mathilde', 'sophisticated malware communications', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Verimatrix Investor Contact', 'Verimatrix Media Contact', 'comprehensive security solution', 'application cybersecurity solutions', 'evolving network-related threats', 'Matthew Zintel matthew', 'application security protections', 'mission-critical mobile applications', 'mobile app developers', 'new feature', 'modern connected world', 'new business', 'contact person/entity', 'Malware command', 'sensitive financial', 'mobile apps', 'Cybersecurity Business', 'people-centered security', 'security measures', 'proactive security', 'security teams', 'frictionless security', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'general availability', 'advanced capabilities', 'C2) detection', 'robust defense', 'smartphone applications', 'internet addresses', 'nefarious actors', 'sensitive information', 'banking apps', 'user credentials', 'sensitive operations', 'online banking', 'protective measures', 'Verimatrix customers', 'cutting-edge technology', 'multi-layered approach', 'network-based threats', 'Tom Powledge', 'real-time detection', 'malicious activities', 'essential tools', 'regulatory compliance', 'multiple aspects', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'live streaming', 'trusted connections', 'source version', 'Business Wire', 'press release', 'phishing sites', 'phishing attempts', 'digital content', 'compelling content', 'personal data', 'sensitive data', 'healthcare data', 'malicious servers', 'control applications', 'modern cyberthreats', 'Michael Scholze', 'VMX', 'leader', 'suite', 'forefront', 'expertise', 'features', 'users', 'context', 'record', 'waves', 'devices', 'smartphones', 'wealth', 'shopping', 'networks', 'commitment', 'Head', 'need', 'sports', 'experiences', 'millions', 'consumers', 'partners', 'businesswire', 'SEITOSEI', 'ACTIFIN', 'zintelpr', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'AFP', 'responsibility', 'case', 'questions']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,afp.com
45427,EuroNext,Bing API,https://cryptonews.com/news/deutsche-digital-assets-launches-bitcoin-etp-on-euronext/,Deutsche Digital Assets Launches Macro-Adjusted Bitcoin ETP on Euronext,Deutsche Digital Assets launches a dynamic Bitcoin ETP on Euronext Paris to manage volatility risk based on macroeconomic factors.,Deutsche Digital Assets launches a dynamic Bitcoin ETP on Euronext Paris to manage volatility risk based on macroeconomic factors.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Digital Assets', 'Macro-Adjusted Bitcoin ETP', 'Euronext', 'Deutsche Digital Assets', 'dynamic Bitcoin ETP', 'Euronext Paris', 'volatility risk', 'macroeconomic factors']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,cryptonews.com
45428,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-09/63284610-dolfines-change-in-par-value-650.htm,DOLFINES: Change in par value,Montigny Le Bretonneux  September 17  2024 CHANGE IN THE PAR VALUE OF THE SHARE EFFECTIVE AS OF SEPTEMBER 19  2024 Following the Extraordinary General Meeting of DOLFINES held on September 16  Euronex,"Montigny Le Bretonneux  September 17  2024CHANGE IN THE PAR VALUE OF THE SHAREEFFECTIVE AS OF SEPTEMBER 19  2024Following the Extraordinary General Meeting of DOLFINES held on September 16  Euronext indicates  in a notice issued on September 17  that the effective date of the change in the par value of the DOLFINES share on Euronext Growth Paris from €0.01 to €0.00028 is set for September 19  2024.Indicative timetable of the main stages of the financial restructuring:September 16 Shareholders' Meeting deciding on the reduction of the share capital and authorising the reverse stock splitBoard of Directors implementing the Share Consolidation September 19 Effectiveness of the division of par value From October 7 to November 5 Share consolidation period During November Reserved capital increaseAbout Dolfines: www.dolfines.comFounded in 2000  DOLFINES is an independent specialist in engineering and services in the renewable and conventional energy industry. Faced with the challenges of decarbonizing the energy sector and capitalizing on its strong expertise  DOLFINES wants to play a key role in this energy transition by designing and providing innovative services and solutions for the exploitation of renewable energy sources onshore and offshore  above and below sea level. Respecting the highest standards of quality and safety  DOLFINES is labelled an innovative company certified ISO 9001 for its technical assistance  auditing  inspection and engineering activities.Euronext Growth TMDOLFINES is listed on Euronext GrowthTM - Code ISIN: FR0014004QZ9 - Mnémo: ALDOL DOLFINES is éligible to PEA-PMEContacts: Delphine Bardelet Guejo  CFO - delphine.bardelet@dolfines.comDisclaimer: This document contains forward-looking information. These are likely to be affected by factors  known and unknown  that are difficult to predict and beyond the control of DOLFINES  which may cause results to differ materially from the outlook expressed  implied or predicted by the Company's statements.------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:m2tsY8pmZG7FyWxykpdrbWaVa2iWk5TGmmKenGVwZpaVbmqWnW6XbZzKZnFonGhn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-87731-dolfines_pr_modification-of-par-value_sept2024.pdf",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.14,0.49,True,English,"['par value', 'DOLFINES', 'Change', 'reverse stock split Board', 'November 5 Share consolidation period', 'Montigny Le Bretonneux', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'next press releases', 'conventional energy industry', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Euronext Growth TM', 'Copyright Actusnews Wire', 'renewable energy sources', ""September 16 Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Delphine Bardelet Guejo', 'energy sector', 'energy transition', 'Euronext GrowthTM', 'share capital', 'Indicative timetable', 'main stages', 'financial restructuring', 'capital increase', 'independent specialist', 'strong expertise', 'sea level', 'highest standards', 'technical assistance', 'Mnémo', 'forward-looking information', 'original release', 'PDF format', 'PAR VALUE', 'key role', 'effective date', 'innovative services', 'engineering activities', 'DOLFINES share', 'innovative company', 'ALDOL DOLFINES', 'CHANGE', 'THE', 'notice', 'reduction', 'Directors', 'Effectiveness', 'division', 'October', 'challenges', 'solutions', 'exploitation', 'quality', 'safety', 'ISO', 'auditing', 'inspection', 'Code', 'ISIN', 'FR0014004QZ9', 'PEA-PME', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'factors', 'control', 'results', 'outlook', 'statements', 'publication', 'm2tsY8pmZG7FyWxykpdrbWaVa2iWk5TGmmKenGVwZpaVbmqWnW6XbZzKZnFonGhn', 'email', 'Full', '0-87731-dolfines_pr_modification']",2024-09-06,2024-09-17,finanznachrichten.de
45429,EuroNext,Bing API,https://bdcmagazine.com/2024/09/arcadis-bolsters-its-architecture-and-urbanism-capabilities-with-two-new-strategic-hires/,Arcadis bolsters its architecture and urbanism capabilities with two new strategic hires,Significant appointments reflect significant investment by Arcadis in design-led services and advisory  Appointments underscore a commitment to design excel,Significant appointments reflect significant investment by Arcadis in design-led services and advisoryAppointments underscore a commitment to design excellence and plans to grow its architecture and urbanism teamArcadis remains laser focused on creating sustainable and resilient communities that improve quality of lifeArcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  London – Arcadis  a leading global company delivering sustainable design  engineering  and consultancy solutions for natural and built assets  has appointed senior industry figures Rory O’Hagan and Simon Carter to strengthen its architecture and urbanism capabilities across the United Kingdom (UK) and Europe.Best known in the UK for its engineering  project management and construction solution services  Arcadis distinguished its capability as one of the strongest innovators among global consulting players with its acquisitions of IBI Group and CallisonRTKL (CRTKL) last year.As a result  Arcadis is now recognised as the second largest architecture firm in the world and is now advancing its design and delivery services  built-asset specific decarbonisation strategies  deep retrofit programs  green certifications  and supporting digital tools with greater focus and scale than ever before.Strategic hires continue to play a key role in the firm’s growth  particularly in the UK where Rory O’Hagan has been appointed to lead Arcadis’ residential and hospitality design work  which includes the design and delivery of over 3 500 Build to Rent homes and award-winning schemes including Station Hill in Reading  Corkfield in Birmingham  City Suites II and Lampwick Quay in Manchester.Bringing together the Build to Rent (BTR)  Co-living  Senior Living  Student Living and Hotel portfolios  Rory is focused on a creating a culture of collaboration and designing assets of enduring value with strong social and sustainable impact. Having held the position of board director at AJ100 London practice Assael Architecture and with over two decades of experience  Rory has an enviable track record spearheading some of the UK’s first purpose-built BTR communities.Also new to the firm is Simon Carter  who has been appointed as an associate principal to advance Arcadis’ work and innovation in life sciences. Drawing on the group’s proven track record in the allied health and education sectors  Simon is finding new opportunities for private and public sectors with clients including the NHS and major healthcare investors.With nearly 30 years of experience  Simon is a specialist in the design of higher education and research facilities and former partner at Feilden Clegg Bradley Studios.The pair join an established leadership team and over 100 registered architects who work across the UK from Arcadis’ design hubs in London  Manchester  Brighton  and Cardiff. Backed by the weight and resource of Arcadis’ global network  this specialist multidisciplinary team is driving forward new design innovations  sustainable solutions and digital leadership with greater focus and scale than ever before.Simon Bimpson  Country Director  Arcadis UK and Ireland  comments:“Arcadis has formed one of the most dynamic and diverse design firms in the world. Here in the United Kingdom  the expansion of our architecture and urbanism expertise means we are now able to add value to every stage of a project’s lifecycle and imbed sustainability best practice in from the outset.”“With Rory O’Hagan and Simon Carter joining our architecture and urbanism leadership team  we deepen the subject matter expertise of a highly skilled group who are proving the power of design in solving some of the most pressing challenges facing our cities and communities when it comes to accessibility  affordability  housing  healthcare  education and wellbeing.”Rory O’Hagan  Principal – Living at Arcadis Architecture and Urbanism  comments:“At the intersection of architecture  engineering  and construction  Arcadis is uniquely positioned to deliver insights  efficiencies  and innovations in ways other firms can’t because we provide services across all three pillars not just one or two. We see the full picture and are able to zoom in on the minutiae of every stage of the development lifecycle  with 3D  model-based workflows and digital tools that enable us to generate new efficiencies and design safe  sustainable and deliverable buildings for our clients.”“We also unlock a great deal of cross-sector learnings from our work across placemaking  residential  healthcare  hospitality  education  industrial  retail  life sciences  and workplace around the world. This is what I am most excited about  the opportunity to champion hybrid solutions borne off the overlap between these sectors  for instance our healthcare design work in pediatrics informing pedagogy and our K-12 education design philosophy  so too our work on luxury hotels around the world which we’ve applied with our healthcare expertise to create new senior living concepts. We are only just scratching the surface  with Arcadis better positioned than ever to positively impact on the design  development and resilience of this country.”Building  Design & Construction Magazine | The Choice of Industry Professionals,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['two new strategic hires', 'urbanism capabilities', 'Arcadis', 'architecture', 'asset specific decarbonisation strategies', 'Feilden Clegg Bradley Studios', 'new senior living concepts', 'K-12 education design philosophy', 'second largest architecture firm', 'senior industry figures', 'Co-living, Senior Living', 'leading global company', 'global consulting players', 'deep retrofit programs', 'City Suites II', '3D, model-based workflows', 'Rory O’Hagan', 'subject matter expertise', 'enviable track record', 'major healthcare investors', 'diverse design firms', 'Arcadis’ global network', 'specialist multidisciplinary team', 'AJ100 London practice', 'construction solution services', 'new design innovations', 'urbanism leadership team', 'Arcadis’ design hubs', 'engineering, project management', 'hospitality design work', 'healthcare design work', 'Student Living', 'new opportunities', 'urbanism team', 'best practice', 'other firms', 'digital leadership', 'urbanism expertise', 'healthcare expertise', 'design excellence', 'new efficiencies', 'sustainable design', 'significant investment', 'design-led services', 'consultancy solutions', 'urbanism capabilities', 'United Kingdom', 'strongest innovators', 'green certifications', 'digital tools', 'greater focus', 'Strategic hires', 'key role', 'award-winning schemes', 'Station Hill', 'Lampwick Quay', 'Hotel portfolios', 'strong social', 'board director', 'two decades', 'first purpose-built', 'higher education', 'research facilities', 'former partner', '100 registered architects', 'Country Director', 'pressing challenges', 'three pillars', 'full picture', 'deliverable buildings', 'great deal', 'cross-sector learnings', 'hybrid solutions', 'luxury hotels', 'sustainable impact', 'sustainable solutions', 'safe, sustainable', 'resilient communities', 'Simon Carter', 'IBI Group', 'life sciences', 'education sectors', 'public sectors', 'Simon Bimpson', 'skilled group', 'Assael Architecture', 'Arcadis’ work', 'Significant appointments', 'built assets', 'delivery services', 'Rent homes', 'enduring value', 'associate principal', 'development lifecycle', 'BTR communities', 'Arcadis Architecture', 'Arcadis’ residential', 'Arcadis UK', 'advisory', 'commitment', 'plans', 'quality', 'EURONEXT', 'natural', 'Europe', 'capability', 'acquisitions', 'CallisonRTKL', 'CRTKL', 'result', 'world', 'scale', 'growth', '3,500 Build', 'Reading', 'Corkfield', 'Birmingham', 'Manchester', 'culture', 'collaboration', 'position', 'experience', 'private', 'clients', 'NHS', '30 years', 'pair', 'Brighton', 'Cardiff', 'weight', 'resource', 'Ireland', 'dynamic', 'expansion', 'stage', 'sustainability', 'outset', 'power', 'cities', 'accessibility', 'affordability', 'housing', 'wellbeing', 'comments', 'intersection', 'insights', 'ways', 'minutiae', 'placemaking', 'industrial', 'retail', 'workplace', 'opportunity', 'overlap', 'instance', 'pediatrics', 'pedagogy', 'surface']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,bdcmagazine.com
45430,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-09/63278529-euronext-n-v-euronext-acquires-leading-research-and-market-data-benchmarking-provider-substantive-research-399.htm,Euronext N.V.: Euronext acquires leading research and market data benchmarking provider Substantive Research,Euronext acquires leading research and market data benchmarking provider Substantive Research Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  London  Milan  Oslo and Paris - 17 September 2024 - Euronext today an,"Euronext acquires leading research and market data benchmarking provider Substantive ResearchAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  London  Milan  Oslo and Paris - 17 September 2024 - Euronext today announces that it has acquired 100% of Substantive Research  an industry-leading pioneer providing in-depth transparency on product and pricing comparison for investment research spend  market data and investment research content.Founded in 2015 and headquartered in London  Substantive Research provides research and market data benchmarking to a growing base of over 100 global clients  across Europe and North America  including asset managers  hedge funds  wealth managers  sell-side institutions and private markets. Substantive Research provides valuable insights into research pricing and spending  benchmarks of market data providers  and automated delivery of user-customised research content.Euronext  through its subsidiary Commcise  offers cloud-based  fully-integrated commission management  research valuation  consumption tracking and payment solutions which are connected to over 1 000+ capital markets participants globally. Commcise brings the buy-side  sell-side and research providers together using technologies that are designed to service the needs of each participant  and its business has grown rapidly since joining Euronext in December 2018.The combination of Commcise and Substantive Research offers multiple benefits for customers. Following the integration of Substantive Research  Commcise clients will be able to gain access to unique market benchmarks within the application. This will enable asset managers to demonstrate compliance with evolving regulation with the help of a single  integrated technology solution. Substantive Research customers will benefit from Euronext and Commcise's scale  which will help Substantive Research to grow the universe of vendors that are benchmarked and also expand the variety of benchmarking products that it can offer to the buy- and sell-side.The transaction complies with Euronext capital allocation policy. It will further reinforce Euronext's growing investor services segment with high-quality  recurring revenues  and strengthen the Group's proximity with the buy-side community.Camille Beudin  Head of Diversified Services of Euronext  said:""The acquisition of Substantive Research will accelerate the growth of our Investor Services business with leading research and market data benchmarking capabilities and cross-selling potential with Commcise  our commission management and research valuation solutions.We are looking forward to work with the teams of Substantive Research to further scale the business to the benefit of our clients worldwide.""Mike Carrodus  Founder and CEO of Substantive Research  said:""Euronext's acquisition of Substantive Research underlines our team's hard work in creating a unique price benchmarking database in investment research and market data. With the research market poised for yet more regulatory-driven changes  plus market data consumers grappling with increasing costs and pricing opacity  we are so excited to be able to accelerate our coverage and data depth with Commcise and Euronext's insight and resources. It feels great that we can now accelerate development into areas we know our clients need greater market transparency.""ANALYSTS & INVESTORS - ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Judith Stein +33 6 15 23 91 97 ir@euronext.com MEDIA - mediateam@euronext.com EuropeAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.comAndrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €6.5 trillion in market capitalisation as of end June 2024  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe's leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  follow us on X (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided ""as is""  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext's subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  ""GDPR"")  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['data benchmarking provider', 'Euronext N.V.', 'leading research', 'Substantive Research', 'market', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen', 'single, integrated technology solution', '1,000+ capital markets participants', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'unique price benchmarking database', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'growing investor services segment', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'cloud-based, fully-integrated commission management', 'Euronext capital allocation policy', 'market data benchmarking provider', 'global capital markets', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', 'high-quality, recurring revenues', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'data benchmarking capabilities', 'Investor Services business', 'international client base', 'market data consumers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'user-customised research content', 'unique market benchmarks', 'greater market transparency', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'total product offering', 'market data providers', 'investment research spend', 'investment research content', 'research valuation solutions', 'Dublin Andrea Monzani', 'Substantive Research customers', 'leading research', 'growing base', 'private markets', 'Diversified Services', 'benchmarking products', 'derivatives markets', 'research market', 'data depth', 'research providers', 'market capitalisation', 'depth transparency', 'payment solutions', 'hedge funds', 'funds listings', 'research pricing', 'industry-leading pioneer', 'pricing comparison', '100 global clients', 'North America', 'asset managers', 'wealth managers', 'sell-side institutions', 'valuable insights', 'automated delivery', 'consumption tracking', 'multiple benefits', 'evolving regulation', 'buy-side community', 'Camille Beudin', 'cross-selling potential', 'Mike Carrodus', 'hard work', 'regulatory-driven changes', 'increasing costs', 'pricing opacity', 'Judith Stein', 'European economies', '1,900 listed issuers', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'sustainable growth', 'regulated exchanges', 'Commcise clients', 'London', 'Milan', '17 September', 'spending', 'subsidiary', 'technologies', 'needs', 'December', 'combination', 'integration', 'access', 'application', 'compliance', 'help', 'scale', 'universe', 'vendors', 'variety', 'transaction', 'Group', 'proximity', 'Head', 'acquisition', 'teams', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'coverage', 'resources', 'development', 'areas', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'mediateam', 'brusselspressoffice', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'June', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', '02']",2024-09-06,2024-09-17,finanznachrichten.de
45431,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/euronext-acquires-substantive-research/,Euronext acquires Substantive Research,The deal enhances Euronext’s investor services segment  strengthening the business’ proximity to the buy-side community.,Euronext has acquired Substantive Research in its entirety as the group looks to enhance its investor services segment.London-headquartered Substantive Research provides research and market data benchmarking to more than 100 global clients across Europe and North America.Speaking about the deal  Mike Carrodus  founder and chief executive of Substantive Research  said: “Euronext’s acquisition of Substantive Research underlines our team’s hard work in creating a unique price benchmarking database in investment research and market data. With the research market poised for yet more regulatory-driven changes  plus market data consumers grappling with increasing costs and pricing opacity  we are so excited to be able to accelerate our coverage and data depth with Commcise and Euronext’s insight and resources.“It feels great that we can now accelerate development into areas we know our clients need greater market transparency.”Read more: In conversation with… Substantive Research’s Mike CarrodusSubstantive Research will be particularly beneficial for clients of Euronext’s subsidiary Commcise  which offers cloud-based  fully integrated commission management  research valuation  consumption tracking and payment solutions.With the integration of Substantive Research  these clients will be able to gain access to unique market benchmarks  enabling asset managers to demonstrate compliance with evolving regulation in a single  integrated technology solution.Camille Beudin  head of diversified services  Euronext  said: “The acquisition of Substantive Research will accelerate the growth of our investor services business with leading research and market data benchmarking capabilities and cross-selling potential with Commcise  our commission management and research valuation solutions.”,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Substantive Research', 'Euronext', 'cloud-based, fully integrated commission management', 'single, integrated technology solution', 'unique price benchmarking database', 'data benchmarking capabilities', 'unique market benchmarks', 'investor services segment', 'investor services business', 'greater market transparency', 'market data benchmarking', 'market data consumers', 'London-headquartered Substantive Research', 'research valuation solutions', 'diversified services', 'data depth', 'research market', 'payment solutions', 'investment research', 'leading research', 'North America', 'Mike Carrodus', 'chief executive', 'hard work', 'regulatory-driven changes', 'increasing costs', 'pricing opacity', 'consumption tracking', 'asset managers', 'evolving regulation', 'Camille Beudin', 'selling potential', '100 global clients', 'Euronext', 'entirety', 'group', 'Europe', 'deal', 'founder', 'acquisition', 'team', 'coverage', 'Commcise', 'insight', 'resources', 'development', 'areas', 'conversation', 'subsidiary', 'integration', 'access', 'compliance', 'growth']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,thetradenews.com
45432,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-3-dividend-stocks-watch-060700769.html,Top 3 Dividend Stocks To Watch On Euronext Paris,As the European Central Bank's recent interest rate cut has buoyed France's CAC 40 Index by 1.54%  investors are increasingly looking at dividend stocks as a stable source of income amid market fluctuations.,As the European Central Bank's recent interest rate cut has buoyed France's CAC 40 Index by 1.54%  investors are increasingly looking at dividend stocks as a stable source of income amid market fluctuations. In this context  selecting dividend stocks with strong fundamentals and consistent payout histories can be an effective strategy for navigating the current economic landscape.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Vicat (ENXTPA:VCT) 6.21% ★★★★★★ Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 8.48% ★★★★★★ Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 4.75% ★★★★★☆ Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 4.42% ★★★★★☆ VIEL & Cie société anonyme (ENXTPA:VIL) 3.62% ★★★★★☆ Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc Société coopérative (ENXTPA:CRLA) 5.89% ★★★★★☆ Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 6.92% ★★★★★☆ Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 7.94% ★★★★★☆ Trigano (ENXTPA:TRI) 3.55% ★★★★☆☆ Rexel (ENXTPA:RXL) 4.79% ★★★★☆☆Click here to see the full list of 36 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.Here we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: ABC arbitrage SA  with a market cap of €268.20 million  develops arbitrage strategies for liquid assets globally through its subsidiaries.Operations: ABC arbitrage SA generates €39.81 million in revenue from its arbitrage trading activities.Dividend Yield: 9.8%ABC arbitrage offers a high dividend yield of 9.76%  placing it in the top 25% of dividend payers in France. However  its dividend payments have been volatile over the past decade and are not well covered by free cash flows  with a cash payout ratio of 131%. Despite trading at 51.1% below its estimated fair value and a low payout ratio of 32.6%  the sustainability and reliability of its dividends remain concerns for investors.ENXTPA:ABCA Dividend History as at Sep 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Exacompta Clairefontaine S.A. produces  finishes  and formats papers in France  Europe  and internationally with a market cap of €159.54 million.Operations: Exacompta Clairefontaine S.A. generates revenue from two main segments: Paper (€368.58 million) and Processing (€613.23 million).Dividend Yield: 4.8%Exacompta Clairefontaine's dividend payments are well-covered by earnings (payout ratio: 17.6%) and cash flows (cash payout ratio: 10.3%). The company offers a reliable dividend yield of 4.75%  though it is lower than the top 25% of French dividend payers. Dividends have been stable and growing over the past decade  supported by significant earnings growth of 59.4% in the past year  despite recent share price volatility.Story continuesENXTPA:ALEXA Dividend History as at Sep 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★★Overview: Vicat S.A.  with a market cap of €1.43 billion  operates through its subsidiaries in the production and sale of cement  ready-mixed concrete  and aggregates for the construction industry.Operations: Vicat S.A. generates revenue through three primary segments: Cement (€2.52 billion)  Concrete & Aggregates (€1.55 billion)  and Other Products and Services (€459.99 million).Dividend Yield: 6.2%Vicat S.A.'s dividend yield of 6.21% places it in the top 25% of French dividend payers. The company has a history of reliable and growing dividends over the past decade  with stable payouts supported by earnings coverage (payout ratio: 33.4%) and cash flows (cash payout ratio: 45.7%). Recent H1 2024 earnings showed sales at €1.94 billion and net income at €103.54 million  indicating steady financial performance despite high debt levels.ENXTPA:VCT Dividend History as at Sep 2024Next StepsExplore the 36 names from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener here.Shareholder in one or more of these companies? Ensure you're never caught off-guard by adding your portfolio in Simply Wall St for timely alerts on significant stock developments.Streamline your investment strategy with Simply Wall St's app for free and benefit from extensive research on stocks across all corners of the world.Searching for a Fresh Perspective?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:ABCA ENXTPA:ALEXA and ENXTPA:VCT.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.39,0.34,True,English,"['Top 3 Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Crédit Agricole Mutuel du', 'Languedoc Société coopérative', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', 'Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Vicat', 'Cie société anonyme', 'Caisse Régionale de', 'recent interest rate cut', 'recent share price volatility', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine S.A.', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'Vicat S.A.', 'high dividend yield', 'European Central Bank', 'current economic landscape', 'two main segments', 'three primary segments', 'high debt levels', 'French dividend payers', 'Recent H1 2024 earnings', 'consistent payout histories', 'low payout ratio', 'steady financial performance', 'ABCA Dividend History', 'ABC arbitrage SA', 'significant earnings growth', 'cash payout ratio', 'reliable dividend yield', 'free cash flows', 'significant stock developments', 'long-term focused analysis', 'VCT Dividend History', 'arbitrage trading activities', 'ALEXA Dividend History', 'dividend payments', 'preferred stocks', 'arbitrage strategies', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'earnings coverage', 'stable source', 'market fluctuations', 'strong fundamentals', 'effective strategy', 'Piscines Desjoyaux', 'full list', 'market cap', 'liquid assets', 'past decade', 'fair value', 'past year', 'construction industry', 'Other Products', 'stable payouts', 'Next Steps', 'timely alerts', 'investment strategy', 'extensive research', 'Fresh Perspective', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'ABCA ENXTPA', 'net income', 'growing dividends', '36 stocks', 'France', 'CAC', 'Index', 'investors', 'context', 'Name', 'Rubis', 'RUI', 'Arkema', 'AKE', 'VIEL', 'VIL', 'CRLA', 'Samse', 'ALPDX', 'Trigano', 'Rexel', 'RXL', 'subset', 'Overview', 'subsidiaries', 'Operations', 'revenue', 'sustainability', 'reliability', 'concerns', 'Sep', 'finishes', 'formats', 'papers', 'Processing', 'production', 'sale', 'aggregates', 'Concrete', 'Services', 'Shareholder', 'companies', 'guard', 'portfolio', 'app', 'corners', 'world', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'feedback', 'content', 'touch', 'team', 'simplywallst']",2024-09-17,2024-09-17,finance.yahoo.com
