UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
39558,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/business/596284-imf-russia-assets-seizure/,Confiscating Russian assets has ramifications  IMF warns,Seizure of frozen Russian funds could undermine the global financial system  according to the International Monetary Fund Read Full Article at RT.com,Seizing the country’s reserves could undermine the global financial system  the fund has warnedAny steps towards seizing Russia’s frozen reserves should be backed by legal support in order to avoid the risk of undermining the global financial system  Alfred Kammer  the director of the IMF European Department  has said.The EU and other G7 nations have blocked an estimated $300 billion in assets belonging to the Russian central bank since the start of the Ukraine conflict in 2022. Of that amount  €196.6 billion ($211 billion) is being held by the Belgium-based clearinghouse Euroclear. Since last year  those funds accumulated nearly €4.4 billion in interest.“With regard to the seizure of Russia’s assets … our view is that is something for the relevant jurisdictions and courts to determine and to decide ” Kammer told a press briefing on Friday  reiterating the IMF’s previous statements on the matter.“From our side  what is important is that whatever action is taken  that the implications of the functioning of the international monetary system are being taken into account ” he said.Kammer recalled IMF managing director Kristalina Georgieva’s words  that “one needs to be wary of unintended consequences” of such actions.“And again  this is the issue of a multilateral rules-based system and a well-functioning international monetary and financial system  which we all should be respectful for  because it delivered… prosperity over last decades ” Kammer said.The IMF has previously cautioned that Western plans to seize frozen Russian assets could pose a threat to the global monetary system and entail unforeseen risks.Some Western officials have been pushing for the outright seizure of the Russian funds and for transferring proceeds to Ukraine  or at least using the interest generated by the assets.While Kiev’s Western backers generally agree that the frozen assets should be used to aid Ukraine  they are at odds about whether an outright seizure would be legal. The US and UK support the direct expropriation of the funds  but some EU member states  France and Germany in particular  warn that the move would erode trust in the European financial system.The EU’s foreign policy chief  Josep Borrell  last month proposed using the profits generated by Russia’s frozen central bank reserves to support Ukraine militarily.Moscow reacted to the diplomat’s proposal by warning that it would lead to disastrous consequences. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov stated that all EU nations and officials that back Borrell’s plan would be subject to “legal prosecution for many decades to come.”Russia has said that any actions taken against its assets would amount to “theft ” stressing that seizing the funds or any similar move would violate international law and undermine Western currencies  the global financial system  and the world economy.,negative,0.03,0.44,0.53,mixed,0.06,0.3,0.64,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'Confiscating', 'ramifications', 'IMF', 'Belgium-based clearinghouse Euroclear', 'foreign policy chief', 'multilateral rules-based system', 'global monetary system', 'global financial system', 'European financial system', 'Russian central bank', 'international monetary system', 'other G7 nations', 'IMF European Department', 'EU member states', 'central bank reserves', 'functioning international monetary', 'IMF managing director', 'frozen Russian assets', 'EU nations', 'international law', 'frozen reserves', 'The EU', 'The IMF', 'legal support', 'last year', 'relevant jurisdictions', 'press briefing', 'previous statements', 'Kristalina Georgieva', 'unintended consequences', 'last decades', 'Western plans', 'unforeseen risks', 'Western backers', 'The US', 'direct expropriation', 'disastrous consequences', 'Kremlin spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'legal prosecution', 'many decades', 'Western currencies', 'world economy', 'Russian funds', 'frozen assets', 'outright seizure', 'Western officials', 'Josep Borrell', 'similar move', 'Alfred Kammer', 'Ukraine conflict', 'country', 'steps', 'order', 'start', 'amount', 'interest', 'regard', 'view', 'something', 'courts', 'Friday', 'matter', 'side', 'action', 'implications', 'account', 'words', 'issue', 'prosperity', 'threat', 'proceeds', 'Kiev', 'odds', 'France', 'Germany', 'trust', 'profits', 'Moscow', 'diplomat', 'proposal']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,rt.com
39559,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2866234/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2024-04-26BondsSWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104. SE0000556599. 2028-12-01 Bid date2024-04-26Bid times09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid dateOffered......,Bid procedure  2024-04-26 Bonds SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104. SE0000556599. 2028-12-01Bid date 2024-04-26 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3104: 400 million SEK +/-400 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3104: 400 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2024-04-30 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2024-04-19This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'SWEDEN I/L BOND', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'Swedish language version', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', 'payment date', '400 million SEK', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'allocation', 'Riksbank', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39560,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2866135/0/en/Elanders-AB-Report-from-the-Annual-General-Meeting-2024.html,Elanders AB: Report from the Annual General Meeting 2024,The Annual General Meeting  led by Chairman of the Board Dan Frohm  decided to:  adopt the income statement and balance sheet as well as the...,The Annual General Meeting  led by Chairman of the Board Dan Frohm  decided to:adopt the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet discharge the members of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer from liability for the financial year 2023 according to the proposal in the summons  distribute a dividend of SEK 4.15 per share for 2023. The record date for the dividend is proposed to be 23 April 2024 and it is expected that the dividend will be disbursed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 26 April 2024 for the financial year 2024 grant  according to the proposal in the summons  the Board a remuneration of a total of SEK 4 512 600 including reimbursement for committee work  to be divided among the members as presented in the summons appoint  according to the proposal in the summons  the following members to the Board until the next Annual General Meeting is held in 2025:Carl Bennet (re-election)Ulrika Dellby (re-election)Eva Elmstedt (re-election)Dan Frohm (re-election)Erik Gabrielson (re-election)Anna Hallberg (re-election)Anne Lenerius (re-election)Magnus Nilsson (re-election)Johan Trouvé (re-election)Carl Bennet (re-election) Ulrika Dellby (re-election) Eva Elmstedt (re-election) Dan Frohm (re-election) Erik Gabrielson (re-election) Anna Hallberg (re-election) Anne Lenerius (re-election) Magnus Nilsson (re-election) Johan Trouvé (re-election) appoint  according to the proposal in the summons  Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Board approve the proposal given in the summons to re-elect the accounting firm of Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers as company accountant the nomination committee until the next Annual General Meeting will be formed and perform the duties according to the proposal in the summons  andapprove the remuneration report presented by the Board regarding senior officers.In his speech  CEO Magnus Nilsson described the Group’s business and development during 2023 and the first quarter 2024. Considering the very challenging year  characterized by falling demand and a negative organic growth  Elanders had a relatively good result in 2023. The year ended on a positive note due to a strong cash flow  which enabled the acquisition of Kammac. Furthermore  Magnus Nilsson also reported on the investments that have been made and the sustainability work that is being carried out within the Group.The minutes from the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company website as soon as they have been verified.Elanders AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsthroughMagnus Nilsson  President and CEO  Phone: +46 31 750 07 50Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.28,0.31,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Elanders AB', 'Report', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'negative organic growth', 'strong cash flow', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'financial year 2024 grant', 'CEO Magnus Nilsson', 'The Board', 'Dan Frohm', 'record date', 'committee work', 'Carl Bennet', 'Ulrika Dellby', 'Eva Elmstedt', 'Erik Gabrielson', 'Anna Hallberg', 'Anne Lenerius', 'Johan Trouvé', 'accounting firm', 'Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'company accountant', 'nomination committee', 'senior officers', 'first quarter', 'challenging year', 'falling demand', 'good result', 'positive note', 'sustainability work', 'company website', 'Elanders AB', 'remuneration report', 'following members', 'Chairman', 'liability', 'proposal', 'summons', 'dividend', 'SEK', 'share', '23 April', '26 April', 'total', 'reimbursement', 'election', 'duties', 'speech', 'Group', 'business', 'development', 'acquisition', 'Kammac', 'investments', 'minutes', 'Directors', 'President', 'Phone', 'Attachment']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39561,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAMPINE-NV-6081/news/Invitation-ordinary-general-meeting-46474845/,Invitation ordinary general meeting,(marketscreener.com) Naamloze Vennootschap Nijverheidsstraat 2  2340 BeerseVAT BE0403.807.337 – RPR Turnhout INVITATION ORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGWednesday 22 May 2024 at 11 a.m. The shareholders are invited to participate in the ordinary general meeting  which…,Naamloze VennootschapNijverheidsstraat 2  2340 BeerseVAT BE0403.807.337 – RPR TurnhoutINVITATION ORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGWednesday 22 May 2024 at 11 a.m.The shareholders are invited to participate in the ordinary general meeting  which will be held on Wednesday 22 May 2024 at 11 a.m. at Hotel Botanique Sanctuary  Leopoldstraat 26  2000 Antwerp  with the following agenda and proposals:1. Reading and discussion about the report of the board of directors  the annual accounts and consolidated annual accounts of the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.2. Reading of and discussion about the auditor’s report on the above-mentioned annual accounts.3. Approval of the annual accounts of the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.Resolution proposal : The ordinary general meeting approves the annual accounts of the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.4. Approval of the appropriation of the result of the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.Resolution proposal : The ordinary general meeting decides to appropriate the result of the financial year closed on 31 December 2023 as proposed by the board of directors. The ordinary general meeting decides to distribute a dividend of € 4.5 mio (this means € 3.00 gross per share) against presentation of coupon no 15  with payment date: 14 June 2024 (ex-date: 12 June 2024 and record date: 13 June 2024).5. Approval of the remuneration policy of the company.Resolution proposal : The ordinary general meeting approves the remuneration policy as mentioned in the annual report 2023.6. Approval of the remuneration report of the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.Resolution proposal : The ordinary general meeting approves the remuneration report of the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.7. Discharge to the board members for the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.Resolution proposal : The ordinary general meeting grants discharge to the board members for the execution of their mandate during the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.8. Discharge to the auditor for the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.Resolution proposal : The ordinary general meeting grants discharge to the auditor for the execution of his mandate during the financial year closed on 31 December 2023.9. Statutory nominations:9a. Appointment of JOKECON 2.0 BV  represented by its permanent representative Mr. Johan Kestens as board member for a period of 3 years.Resolution proposal : The ordinary general meeting appoints JOKECON 2.0 BV  represented by its permanent representative Mr. Johan Kestens as board member for a period of 3 years. The mandate ends automatically  unless renewed  after the ordinary general meeting held in 2027. The directors’ remuneration amounts to € 21 250 for 2024. According to the articles of association the amount is automatically increased by € 250 on the first day of each new financial year.9b. Renewal mandate EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV with registered office at Kouterveldstraat 7B  1831 Diegem  and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 0446.334.711 (RPR Brussels)as statutory auditor of the company for a period of 3 years.Resolution proposal : The ordinary general meeting decides  on the proposal of the audit committee  to appoint EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV  with registered office at Kouterveldstraat 7B  1831 Diegem  and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 0446.334.711 (RPR Brussels)  represented by its permanent representative Ludovic Deprez BV  with registered office at Hof van Rotselaar 2  3078 Everberg  represented by its permanent representative  Mr. Ludovic Deprez  as statutory auditor of the Company  with immediate effect. The mandate will end at the ordinary general meeting to be held in the year 2027. In accordance with article 3:77 of the Companies and Associations Code  the statutory auditor will also audit the consolidated annual accounts of the Company. The fee for the mandate as statutory auditor (both for auditing the statutory and consolidated annual accounts of the Company) amounts to € 120 406 per year (indexed annually  excluding VAT and other local taxes  expenses and expenses).Please note that you are required to comply with the following conditions and requirements:CONDITIONS OF ADMISSIONOnly the person who is an official shareholder on the registration date (Wednesday 8 May 2024 at 12 p.m.) either by means of a registration in the Company’s register of shares or by means of a registration on the accounts of the recognised account holders or clearing institution – are admitted to the ordinary general meeting  irrespective of the number of shares in his possession on the date of the ordinary general meeting.Furthermore  the shareholder confirms his participation to the ordinary general meeting ultimately on Thursday 16 May 2024 (4 p.m.). The shareholders are requested to provide their email address when registering:the holder of registered shares : in writing to the company (see contact registered office) ;: in writing to the company (see contact registered office) the holder of dematerialised shares : to Euroclear Belgium preferably by email: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com . The recognised account holder  or the clearing institution issues the necessary certificate to the shareholder indicating the total number of dematerialised shares  respectively delivered or registered in his name in his account on the registration date  with which the shareholder wants to participate in this general meeting.ADD ITEMS TO THE AGENDAOne or more shareholders holding together at least 3% of the share capital may add items to the agenda of this general meeting and submit resolution proposals relating to topics already included or to be included on the agenda. These requests must be addressed to the Company (see contact registered office) ultimately on Tuesday 30 April 2024. The shareholders who exercise this right must:prove that on the date of their request  they possess the required percentage of the share capital (by a certificate of registration of the registered shares in the Company's register of shares or by a certificate issued by a recognised account holder or clearing institute indicating that the respective number of dematerialised shares are registered in their name in an account) and;prove that on the registration date they are still shareholder holding together at least 3% of the share capital.When appropriate  the revised agenda and adjusted form to vote by proxy will be made public on the website ultimately on 7 May 2024.Nevertheless  the proxies received by the Company prior to the publication of the revised agenda  remain valid for the items mentioned on the agenda. Exceptionally contradictory to the above mentioned  the proxy holder can - in compliance with article 7:130 of the Code on Companies and Associations - during this general meeting  deviate from possible instructions of the proxy principal  for items mentioned on the agenda  for which new resolutions were submitted  if the execution of these instructions could damage the interest of the proxy principal. The proxy holder has to inform the proxy principal in this case. The proxy should mention whether the proxy holder is entitled to vote on new items put on the agenda or whether he has to abstain from them.RIGHT TO ASK QUESTIONSPursuant to the Code on Companies and Associations and under certain conditions  the shareholders can submit questions in writing  prior this general meeting  to the board of directors or the auditor regarding their report or items mentioned on the agenda. These questions will be handled during this general meeting if the shareholder complies with the participation formalities and as far as the communication of information or facts does not prejudice Campine nv's business interests nor the confidentiality to which Campine nv  its board of directors or auditor have committed themselves.These questions can be submitted in writing or per email beforehand to the Company (see contact registered office ultimately on Thursday 16 May 2024 (4 p.m.).VOTING BY PROXYEach shareholder who wants to be represented has to comply with the above mentioned registration and confirmation of participation procedures. Each shareholder who complies with the formalities for admission to this general meeting provided for by the law and the company's articles of association may designate one person  preferably Mrs. Karin Leysen  company secretary  - to represent him at this general meeting in accordance with the Code on Companies and Associations by means of the form to vote by proxy which can be found on the website and is available on request (see contact information). Every appointment of a proxy holder has to be made in compliance with Belgian legislation  especially regarding conflict of interest and the register keeping.The notification of the appointment of a proxy holder must be received ultimately on Thursday 16 May 2024 (4 p.m.) -in writing or by electronic means to the company (see contact registered office) or to Euroclear Belgium: preferably by email: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com.FORMALITIESThe documents to be presented to this general meeting are available on the website www.campine.com/investors/shareholder information/general meetings and financial publications): the annual financial report as of today  the other documents as of Friday 19 April 2024 or can be consulted at the registered office and are also available – free of charge – on request to the registered office.Contact registered officeCampine nv  Nijverheidsstraat 2  2340 Beerse  www.campine.comAtt: Karin Leysen: karin.leysen@campine.com  tel: 014/60 15 49Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.88,0.09,True,English,"['Invitation ordinary general meeting', 'INVITATION ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'Naamloze Vennootschap Nijverheidsstraat', 'Hotel Botanique Sanctuary', 'Mr. Johan Kestens', 'Hof van Rotselaar', 'Mr. Ludovic Deprez', 'other local taxes', 'EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV', 'Ludovic Deprez BV', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'new financial year', 'JOKECON 2.0 BV', 'following agenda', 'remuneration policy', 'permanent representative', 'first day', 'Kouterveldstraat 7B', 'Crossroads Bank', 'audit committee', 'immediate effect', 'Associations Code', 'account holders', 'clearing institution', 'email address', 'Resolution proposal', 'annual report', 'Statutory nominations', 'payment date', 'record date', 'RPR Turnhout', 'board members', 'Thursday 16 May', 'remuneration report', 'following conditions', 'official shareholder', 'statutory auditor', 'directors’ remuneration', 'Renewal mandate', 'RPR Brussels', 'registration date', 'Wednesday 22 May', 'registered shares', '2340 Beerse', 'VAT', '11 a', 'shareholders', 'Leopoldstraat', '2000 Antwerp', 'proposals', 'Reading', 'discussion', '31 December', 'Approval', 'appropriation', 'result', 'dividend', 'presentation', 'coupon', '14 June', '12 June', '13 June', 'company', 'Discharge', 'execution', '9a', 'Appointment', 'period', '3 years', 'articles', 'amount', 'office', '1831 Diegem', 'Enterprises', 'number', '3078 Everberg', 'accordance', 'Companies', 'fee', 'expenses', 'requirements', 'ADMISSION', 'person', 'means', 'possession', 'participation', 'writing', 'contact', '2024']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39562,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AQUILA-ENERGY-EFFICIENCY--123402792/news/Aquila-Energy-Efficiency-Trust-Proposed-Tender-Offer-46477231/,Aquila Energy Efficiency Trust : Proposed Tender Offer,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or about what action to take  you should immediately seek your own professional advice from your stockbroker…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or about what action to take  you should immediately seek your own professional advice from your stockbroker  bank  fund manager  solicitor  accountant or other appropriately qualiﬁed independent ﬁnancial adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom or  if you are resident in another jurisdiction  from another appropriately authorised independent ﬁnancial or professional adviser. All Shareholders are advised to consult their professional advisers regarding their own tax position. If you sell or otherwise transfer  or have sold or otherwise transferred  all of your Ordinary Shares before 1.00 p.m. on 10 May 2024  please send this document (but not the Tender Form or personalised Form of Proxy) to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. However  no such documents should be forwarded or transmitted from  in or into any Restricted Jurisdiction. If you sell or otherwise transfer  or have sold or otherwise transferred  only part of your holding of Ordinary Shares you should retain these documents and consult the bank  stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected. If you receive this document as a purchaser or transferee  please contact the Registrar for a Tender Form and a personalised Form of Proxy. __________________________________________________________________________________________ AQUILA ENERGY EFFICIENCY TRUST PLC Incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 13324616 PROPOSED TENDER OFFER TO PURCHASE ORDINARY SHARES FOR UP TO £17.5 MILLION AT A FIXED PRICE OF 94.28 PENCE PER ORDINARY SHARE AND NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETING ___________________________________________________________________________ This document should be read in its entirety and as a whole. Your attention is drawn to the letter to the Shareholders from the Chair of the Company  which is set out in Part II of this Circular. The letter contains a unanimous recommendation by the Board of Directors of the Company that you vote in favour of the Tender Offer Resolution at the General Meeting. Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited (""Stifel"")  which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA  is acting exclusively for the Company and for no one else  including any recipient of this document  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to clients of Stifel or for affording advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any other matter referred to in this Circular. The Tender Offer will open on 19 April 2024 and will close at 1.00 p.m. on 10 May 2024 (unless extended by the Company by means of an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service). Different procedures for participating in the Tender Offer apply depending on whether Qualifying Shareholders who wish to participate hold Ordinary Shares in certiﬁcated form or uncertiﬁcated form respectively. Enclosed with this document is a Tender Form for use by Qualifying Shareholders wishing to participate in the Tender Offer who hold their Ordinary Shares in certificated form. To be effective  Tender Forms must be returned to the Receiving Agent  Computershare Investor Services PLC  by no later than 1.00 p.m. on 10 May 2024. Qualifying Shareholders who hold their Ordinary Shares in certificated form should also return their share certificate(s) and/or other document(s) of title in respect of the Ordinary Shares tendered.Qualifying Shareholders who hold Ordinary Shares in uncertificated form (that is  in CREST) and wish to participate in the Tender Offer should not return a Tender Form but should transmit the appropriate transfer to escrow in CREST as described in this document as soon as possible and  in any event  so as to be received by no later than 1.00 p.m. on 10 May 2024. If you do not wish to tender any of your Ordinary Shares do not complete  sign or return a Tender Form or transfer any Ordinary Shares to escrow  or send any TTE Instructions through CREST. The Tender Offer is conditional on  among other matters  approval from Shareholders  which is being sought at the General Meeting of the Company to be held at 11.30 a.m. on 13 May 2024 at the offices of the Company Secretary  6th Floor  125 London Wall  London EC2Y 5AS. Notice of the General Meeting is set out in Part VIII of this Circular. Whilst Shareholders will be able to attend the General Meeting in person  Shareholders are encouraged to vote via proxy in advance of the General Meeting  appointing the ""Chair of the Meeting"" as proxy to ensure that their vote is counted. Whether or not you intend to attend the General Meeting  you are urged to complete  sign and return a Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed thereon and the notes to the Notice of General Meeting. To be valid  the Form of Proxy must be completed  signed and returned in accordance with the instructions printed thereon to be received by the Registrar  Computershare Investor Services PLC as soon as possible and  in any event  by no later than 11.30 a.m. on 9 May 2024. The Form of Proxy can also be completed online at www.investorcentre.co.uk/eproxyor  in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out in the Notice of General Meeting and the CREST Manual on the Euroclear website (www.euroclear.com). Please read the whole of this document. In particular  your attention is drawn to the risk factors set out in Part IV of this Circular. A summary of the action to be taken by Shareholders is set in Part II of this Circular and in the accompanying Notice of General Meeting in Part VIII of this Circular. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer contained in Part V of this Circular  the Tender Offer will be implemented by means of on-market purchases by Stifel  who will  as principal  purchase the Ordinary Shares tendered (subject to the overall limit of the Tender Offer) at the Tender Price and  following completion of those purchases and in accordance with the Repurchase Agreement  sell them on to the Company at the Tender Price by way of an on-market transaction (all of these transactions will be carried out on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market). The Ordinary Shares that the Company purchases from Stifel will be cancelled and the number of Ordinary Shares in issue carrying voting rights reduced accordingly. The Company will fund that purchase from cash resources available for use by the Company. The availability of the Tender Offer to Shareholders who are not resident in  or citizens or nationals of the United Kingdom  and the distribution of this document and accompanying documents into jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted or affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. Persons who are not resident in  or citizens or nationals of the United Kingdom should read paragraph 6 headed ""Overseas Shareholders"" set out in Part V of this Circular and should inform themselves about  and observe  any applicable legal or regulatory requirements. This Circular does not constitute or form part of any offer to purchase  or invitation to sell  Ordinary Shares in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is unlawful. Without prejudice to the foregoing generality  the Tender Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  in  into or from the United States or any other Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would violate the laws in that jurisdiction  and no person may accept the Tender Offer by use of the mails or  or by any means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  facsimile transmission  email  other electronic transmission  or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of  or any facilities of a national  state or local securities exchange of  the United States or any other Restricted Jurisdiction and the Tender Offer cannot be accepted by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility or from within the United States or any other Restricted Jurisdiction. Accordingly  unless otherwise determined 2by the Company and permitted by applicable law and regulation  neither this Circular nor the Tender Form nor any related document is being  nor may it be  directly or indirectly  mailed  transmitted or otherwise forwarded  distributed  or sent in  into or from the United States or any other Restricted Jurisdiction  and any persons receiving this Circular  the Tender Form and/or any related document (including  without limitation  trustees  nominees or custodians) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute or send such document(s) in  into or from the United States of any other Restricted Jurisdiction. In addition  persons into whose possession such documents come should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions or requirements. Any failure to comply with these restrictions or requirements may constitute a violation of the securities or other laws of such jurisdiction. Forward Looking Statements This Circular contains indications of likely future developments and other forward-looking statements that are subject to risk factors associated with  among other things  the economic  markets  and business circumstances occurring from time to time in the UK  the sectors in which the Group operates and the risks relating to the Company. These factors include  but are not limited to  those discussed in Part IV of this Circular. These and other factors could adversely affect the Company and  or the Group's results  strategy and prospects. Forward-looking statements involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions. They relate to events and/or depend on circumstances in the future which could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those currently anticipated. No obligation or duty is assumed (except as may required by the Listing Rules  MAR  the Disclosure and Transparency Rules  the rules of the London Stock Exchange and by law) to update any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Apart from the responsibilities and liabilities  if any  which may be imposed on Stifel by FSMA or the regulatory regime established under FSMA  Stifel accepts no responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this document or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it or on its behalf in connection with the Company or the Tender Offer. Stifel accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to earlier in this paragraph) which it might otherwise have in respect of this document or any such statement. Stifel has given and not withdrawn its written consent to the issue of this document with the references to its name in the form and context in which they are included. No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representations other than those contained in this Circular and  if given or made  such information or representations must not be relied on as having been so authorised. The delivery of this Circular shall not  under any circumstances  create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Company since the date of this Circular or that the information in it is correct as of any subsequent time. The contents of the website of the Company  and any website directly or indirectly linked to that website  do not form part of this Circular and should not be relied upon. Dated 19 April 2024. 3TABLE OF CONTENTS page PART I EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS 7 PART II LETTER FROM THE CHAIR 8 PART III QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE TENDER OFFER 16 PART IV RISK FACTORS 22 PART V TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFER 24 PART VI UK TAXATION CONSIDERATIONS 39 PART VII DEFINITIONS 41 PART VIII NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETING 46 4IMPORTANT INFORMATION Accompanying this document is a Form of Proxy and a Tender Form. YOU SHOULD READ THE WHOLE OF THIS DOCUMENT  WHICH CONTAINS THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFER  AND NOT JUST THIS SECTION  WHEN DECIDING WHAT ACTION TO TAKE. To vote at the General Meeting: YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO VOTE AT THE GENERAL MEETING WHETHER OR NOT YOU WISH TO PARTICIPATE IN THE TENDER OFFER. Shareholders are encouraged to return the Form of Proxy accompanying this document for use at the General Meeting. This will ensure that your votes are registered. To be valid  the Form of Proxy must be completed  signed and returned in accordance with the instructions printed thereon to be received by the Registrar  Computershare Investor Services PLC as soon as possible and  in any event  by no later than 11.30 a.m. on 9 May 2024. The Form of Proxy can also be completed online at ww.investorcentre.co.uk/eproxyor  in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out in the Notice of General Meeting and the CREST Manual on the Euroclear website (www.euroclear.com). If you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by not later than 11.30 a.m. on 9 May 2024 in order to be considered valid or  if the meeting is adjourned  by the time which is 48 hours (excluding non-Business Days) before the time of the adjourned meeting. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. An electronic proxy appointment via the Proxymity platform may be revoked completely by sending an authenticated message via the platform instructing the removal of your proxy vote. To tender your Ordinary Shares that are held in certificated form under the Tender Offer: IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO TENDER ANY OF YOUR ORDINARY SHARES  DO NOT COMPLETE OR RETURN THE TENDER FORM OR SUBMIT A TTE INSTRUCTION IN CREST. Complete and return the Tender Form to the Receiving Agent at Computershare Investor Services PLC  Corporate Actions Projects  Bristol  BS99 6AH as soon as possible and  in any event  by no later than 1.00 p.m. on 10 May 2024. To tender your Ordinary Shares that are held in uncertificated form (that is  in CREST) under the Tender Offer: You should send (or  if you are a CREST sponsored member  procure that your CREST sponsor sends) a TTE Instruction to Euroclear  which must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear's specification and which must contain  in addition to other information that is required for the TTE Instruction to settle in CREST  the following details: the corporate action number of the Tender Offer. This is allocated by Euroclear and will be available on screen from Euroclear;the number of Ordinary Shares to be transferred to an escrow balance;your Member Account ID;your Participant ID; 5the Participant ID of the escrow agent in its capacity as a CREST receiving agent. This is 8RA25;the Member Account ID of the escrow agent. This is AQLTEN01;the intended settlement date for the transfer to escrow. This should be as soon as possible and  in any event  by no later than 1.00 p.m. on 10 May 2024;2024; the ISIN of the Ordinary Shares  which is GB00BN6JYS78;input with the standard delivery instruction  priority 80; anda contact name and telephone number in the shared note field. Full details of the action to be taken are set out in paragraph 2 of Part II of this Circular and in the instructions on the respective forms. The attention of Overseas Shareholders is drawn to the section headed ""Overseas Shareholders"" in paragraph 6 of Part V of this Circular. If you have any queries in relation to your shareholding(s)  please contact Computershare Investor Services PLC by telephone on 0370 703 0388 or  if calling from outside the UK  on +44 0370 703 0388. Computershare Investor Services PLC can only provide information regarding the completion of forms and cannot provide you with advice on the Tender Offer or provide any personal  legal  financial or tax advice. 6PART I EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS1 Announcement of the Tender Offer  publication of this Circular and 19 April 2024 the Notice of General Meeting Tender Offer opens 19 April 2024 Latest time and date for receipt of Forms of Proxy 11.30 a.m. on 9 May 2024 Latest time and date for receipt of Tender Forms and share 1.00 p.m. on 10 May 2024 certiﬁcates in relation to the Tender Offer (i.e. close of Tender Offer) Latest time and date for receipt of TTE Instructions in relation to the 1.00 p.m. on 10 May 2024 Tender Offer (i.e. close of Tender Offer) Tender Offer Record Date 6.00 p.m. on 10 May 2024 General Meeting 11.30 a.m. on 13 May 2024 Announcement of results of the General Meeting 13 May 2024 Announcement of results of the Tender Offer 13 May 2024 Purchase of Ordinary Shares under the Tender Offer 13 May 2024 CREST accounts credited for revised  uncertiﬁcated holdings of by 15 May 2024 Ordinary Shares CREST accounts credited in respect of Tender Offer proceeds for by 15 May 2024 uncertiﬁcated Ordinary Shares Cheques and BACs advice despatched in respect of Tender Offer week commencing 13 May 2024 proceeds for certiﬁcated Ordinary Shares Return of share certiﬁcates in respect of unsuccessful tenders of by 20 May 2024 certiﬁcated Ordinary Shares Despatch of balancing share certiﬁcates (in respect of certiﬁcated week commencing 13 May 2024 Ordinary Shares) for revised  certiﬁcated holdings in the case of partially successful tenders All times are references to London (UK) times. Other than the date of the announcement of the Tender Offer  each of the above times and dates are indicative only and based on the Company's expectations as at the date of this Circular. If any of the above times and/or dates change  the revised times and/or dates will be notiﬁed to Shareholders by an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service. 7PART II LETTER FROM THE CHAIR (Incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 13324616) Directors: Registered Ofﬁce Miriam Greenwood OBE DL (Non-Executive Chair) Aquila Energy Efficiency Trust PLC Nicholas Bliss (Non-Executive Director) 6th Floor 125 London Wall David Fletcher (Non-Executive Director) London Janine Freeman (Non-Executive Director) England EC2Y 5AS 19 April 2024 Dear Shareholder Proposed Tender Offer to purchase Ordinary Shares for up to £17.5 million at a fixed price of 94.28 pence per Ordinary Share 1. Introduction On 6 March 2024  the Company announced that it intended to return value to Shareholders by way of a Tender Offer pursuant to which Qualifying Shareholders are invited to tender some of their Ordinary Shares. It is proposed that up to 18 561 732 Ordinary Shares may be purchased under the Tender Offer for a maximum aggregate cash consideration of £17.5 million and Qualifying Shareholders who participate in the Tender Offer will have a Basic Entitlement to tender approximately 18.6 per cent.2 of the Ordinary Shares held by them at the Record Date  rounded down to the nearest whole number  at a price of 94.28 pence per Ordinary Share. Qualifying Shareholders may tender Ordinary Shares in excess of their Basic Entitlement up to the total number of Ordinary Shares held by each Qualifying Shareholder on the Record Date (""Excess Entitlement"") and  to the extent that other Qualifying Shareholders do not tender any of their Ordinary Shares  or tender less than their Basic Entitlement  those Qualifying Shareholders may be able to tender such Excess Entitlement through the Tender Offer. However  if the Tender Offer is oversubscribed  the tender of any such Excess Entitlement will only be successful to the extent that other Shareholders have tendered less than their Basic Entitlement or tendered no Ordinary Shares and may be subject to scaling- down. To the extent that Qualifying Shareholders tender for less than the total overall amount that may be returned to Shareholders pursuant to the Tender Offer  or where the Board decides not to proceed with the Tender Offer in accordance with terms of this Circular  the Board will consider alternative options regarding how best to return value to Shareholders  including by way of a share buy-back programme or by way of a distribution of dividends  taking into consideration the then prevailing market and economic conditions and other relevant factors at the relevant time. This percentage (%) assumes a full take-up of the Maximum Tendered Shares (as deﬁned in paragraph 2.2 of Part II of this Circular). Please see section 2.5 (entitled Basic Entitlement of this Part II) on how the Basic Entitlement is calculated if:(i) less than the Maximum Tendered Shares have been validly tendered by Qualifying Shareholders; or (ii) the Company  pursuant to paragraph 2.27 of Part V of the Circular  revises the aggregate value of the Tender Offer to less than the maximum amount of £17.5 million. 8The purpose of this Circular is to provide you with information about the background to  and reasons for  the Tender Offer and why the Board considers that the Tender Offer is in the best interests of the Shareholders as a whole and why the Board unanimously recommends that you vote in favour of the Tender Offer Resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting  notice of which is set out in Part VIII of this Circular. The Circular also contains details on the procedure that should be followed by those Qualifying Shareholders in order to participate in the Tender Offer. The Company is seeking Shareholders' approval of the Tender Offer Resolution at a General Meeting to be held at 11.30 a.m. on 13 May 2024. 2. Tender Offer 2.1 Background and reasons for the Tender Offer Subject to the passing of the Tender Offer Resolution by Shareholders at the General Meeting as a special resolution  the Directors will give Qualifying Shareholders the opportunity to tender Ordinary Shares through the Tender Offer for cash. The Tender Offer Resolution will give the Directors authority to return up to 18 561 732 Ordinary Shares  at a price of 94.28 pence per Ordinary Share  for a maximum aggregate cash consideration of £17.5 million. Following the IPO of the Company in 2021  the Company deployed the funds raised into various investments and entered into contractual commitments to make further investments. Since the date of the continuation vote in February 2023  which did not pass  no new investment commitments have been made and Aquila Capital Investmentgesellschaft mbH (the ""Investment Adviser"") has  where possible  renegotiated some of the existing commitments  so as to reduce the amount of further investment required by the Company. As a consequence  at 31 December 2023  the Company and its immediate investment holding entities had contractual legal obligations in relation to existing investments (the ""Unfunded Commitments"") equivalent to approximately £5.58 million (translating Euro obligations at €1.1535:£1 and including an allowance for external transaction costs). Between 31 December 2023 and 31 March 2024  £0.51 million of those Unfunded Commitments have been added to existing investments. Following the Company's annual general meeting (""AGM"") held in June 2023  the Company's portfolio is being managed in accordance with the ""Managed Run-Off Resolution"" as approved by shareholders at that AGM. The Company's cash and cash equivalents as at 31 March 2024 were £28.72 million (with cash in Euro accounts converted at €1.1697:£1 and exclusive of the £2.5 million of cash held as collateral for the Company's existing currency hedges held in line with its strategy). Given the uncertain nature of the timing of returns of certain of the Company's investments  combined with upcoming cash requirements for Unfunded Commitments (referred to above)  it is important to maintain a cash buffer to ensure the Company can continue to meet its liabilities and commitments. The Board of Directors of the Company considers the Tender Offer to be beneﬁcial to the Shareholders as a whole  including  among other reasons  in that: the Tender Offer is available to all Qualifying Shareholders regardless of the size of their holding;the Tender Price represents a premium of 65.4 per cent. to the Company's Ordinary Shares closing price of 57.00 pence on 18 April 2024 (being the Latest Practicable Date); 9",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Aquila Energy Efficiency Trust', 'Tender Offer', 'AQUILA ENERGY EFFICIENCY TRUST PLC', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'Regulatory Information Service', 'share certificate(s', 'London EC2Y 5AS', 'certiﬁcated form', 'Stifel Nicolaus Europe', 'Tender Offer Resolution', 'The Tender Offer', 'independent ﬁnancial adviser', 'PURCHASE ORDINARY SHARES', 'other document(s', 'Financial Services', 'professional adviser', '125 London Wall', 'Tender Forms', 'other agent', 'other matter', 'fund manager', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'tax position', 'registered number', 'FIXED PRICE', 'unanimous recommendation', 'Different procedures', 'Receiving Agent', '6th Floor', 'GENERAL MEETING', 'personalised Form', 'uncertificated form', 'Part II', 'Part VIII', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Restricted Jurisdiction', 'TTE Instructions', 'professional advice', 'Qualifying Shareholders', 'appropriate transfer', 'Company Secretary', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'bank', 'solicitor', 'accountant', '10 May', 'Proxy', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'documents', 'holding', 'Registrar', 'England', 'Wales', 'PROPOSED', 'UP', '94.28 PENCE', 'NOTICE', 'entirety', 'letter', 'Chair', 'Circular', 'Board', 'Directors', 'favour', 'FCA', 'one', 'recipient', 'protections', 'clients', 'relation', '19 April', 'means', 'announcement', 'use', 'title', 'respect', 'CREST', 'event', 'approval', '11.30 a', '13 May', 'offices', 'advance', 'vote', 'accordance', 'notes', '1.00']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39563,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QPR-SOFTWARE-OYJ-1412521/news/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-QPR-SOFTWARE-PLC-46476362/,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF QPR SOFTWARE PLC,(marketscreener.com)   QPR SOFTWARE PLC                       STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE                19 APRIL 2024 AT 10 A.M. EET      NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QPR-SOFTWARE-OYJ-1412521/news/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-…,QPR SOFTWARE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 19 APRIL 2024 AT 10 A.M. EETNOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF QPR SOFTWARE PLCNotice is hereby given to the shareholders of QPR Software Plc (“QPR” or the “Company”) that the Annual General Meeting (the “General Meeting”) will be held on Wednesday May 15  2024  starting at 2:30 p.m. (EEST) at the Company's headquarters at Huopalahdentie 24  00350 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of shareholders who have registered for the meeting and serving of coffee prior to the meeting will start at 2:00 p.m. (EEST).Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingOpening of the General MeetingMatters of order for the General MeetingElection of a person to scrutinize the minutes and a person to supervise the counting of votesRecording the legality of the meetingRecording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesPresentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2023– CEO reviewAdoption of the Financial StatementsResolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year ended on December 31  2023.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial period January 1 – December 31  2023Adoption of the Company’s Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that it adopts the Company’s Remuneration Report as an advisory resolution.The Remuneration Report for the year 2023 has been available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com as of March 22  2024.Adoption of the Company’s Remuneration PolicyThe Remuneration Policy for the Company’s governing bodies was previously presented to the Annual General Meeting 2020. The Remuneration Policy must be presented to the general meeting at least every four years or whenever substantial changes have been made to it.The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that it adopts the Company’s Remuneration Policy as an advisory resolution. The amendments included in the now presented Remuneration Policy are of a technical nature  as compared to the Remuneration Policy previously presented to the Annual General Meeting 2020.The Remuneration Policy for the Company’s governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com and attached to this notice.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of the Company proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the Board members be kept unchanged. According to the proposal  the Chairman of the Board of Directors will be paid EUR 45 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors EUR 25 000 per year. Approximately 40 percent of the above-mentioned remuneration will be paid in shares and 60 percent in cash. The shares will be transferred at the earliest after the General Meeting election and in accordance with the insider trading regulations.Furthermore  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the members of the Board of Directors will be reimbursed for travel and other expenses incurred while they are managing the Company's affairs.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of the Company proposes to the General Meeting that the number of Board members is confirmed as four (4).Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of the Company proposes to the General Meeting that Pertti Ervi  Antti Koskela and Jukka Tapaninen be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and that Linda von Schantz be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. All of the nominees have given their consent to the position and are independent of the Company and of the Company’s significant shareholders.Current Board member Matti Heikkonen has informed the Shareholders’ Nomination Board that he is no longer available for re-election.Furthermore  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Pertti Ervi be elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.Information about the experience and previous positions of the persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors are available in their entirety on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com/company/board-of-directors. Linda von Schantz’s CV is available on the Company’s website at https://www.qpr.com/company/investors#annual-general-meeting .Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the fee of the auditor be paid according to a reasonable invoice.Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that Authorized Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be re-elected as the Company’s auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Petri Kettunen  Authorized Public Accountant  would act as the principal auditor.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on share issues and on the issue of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on issuances of new shares and conveyances of own shares held by the Company (share issue) either in one or more instalments. The share issues can be carried out against payment or without consideration on terms to be determined by the Board of Directors. The authorization also includes the right to issue special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  which entitle to the Company's new shares or own shares held by the Company against consideration.Based on the authorization  the maximum number of new shares that may be issued and own shares held by the Company that may be conveyed in share issues or on the basis of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act is 6 361 317 shares. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 35.0 percent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the proposal. The authorization includes the right to deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right.The authorization can be used  for example  in order to develop the Company's capital structure  to broaden the Company's ownership  to be used as payment in corporate acquisitions or when the Company acquires assets relating to its business and as part of the Company's incentive programs for personnel or for any other weighty financial reason for the Company. The authorization also includes the right to decide on the price of the shares and the criterion based on which the price is determined  as well as on the distribution of shares against consideration in kind or set-off.The authorization also includes the right to decide on a share issue without consideration to the Company itself so that the number of own shares held by the Company after the share issue is a maximum of one-tenth (1/10) of all shares in the Company. Pursuant to Chapter 15  Section 11  Subsection 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  all own shares held by the Company and its subsidiaries are included in this amount.The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other terms and conditions regarding the share issues and the issue of special rights entitling to shares. The authorization shall be in force until the next Annual General Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the Company’s own shares. Based on the authorization  an aggregate maximum amount of 500 000 own shares may be acquired  either in one or more instalments. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 2.8 percent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the proposal. The authorization includes the right to acquire own shares otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders  using the Company’s non-restricted shareholders’ equity at the market price quoted at the time of purchase on the trading venues where the Company’s shares have been admitted to trading.The Company's own shares may be acquired in order to develop the Company's capital structure  to be used as payment in corporate acquisitions or when the Company acquires assets related to its business and as part of the Company's incentive programs for personnel in a manner and to the extent decided by the Board of Directors  and to be conveyed for other purposes or to be cancelled.The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all other terms and conditions regarding the acquisition of the Company’s own shares. The authorization shall be in force until the next Annual General Meeting.Closing of the MeetingDocuments of the General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this notice are available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com . The Company’s Remuneration Report  the Company’s updated Remuneration Policy as well as the Annual Report 2023  including the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report  is also available on the above-mentioned website. Copies of these documents and this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than as of May 29  2024.Instructions to participants of the General MeetingShareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who  on the record date of the General Meeting on May 2  2024  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the General Meeting will commence on April 19  2024. A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting must register for the General Meeting no later than by May 10  2024  at 10.00 a.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must have been received.Registration for the General Meeting can be made:a) through the Company’s website at www.qpr.comElectronic registration requires that the shareholder or its legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish online banking codes or mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify their name  date of birth or business identity code  address  telephone number  the name of a possible assistant or the name and date of birth of a possible proxy representative. A shareholder may register by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / QPR Software Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder or a proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information  such as the name  date of birth  business identity code and contact details of the shareholder. The personal data given to the Company or to Innovatics Oy by shareholders and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate and make use of their shareholder rights at the General Meeting through a proxy representative. Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.A template for the proxy document is available on the Company’s website at www.qpr.com as of April 19  2024. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the registration or alternatively by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / QPR Software Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period.If a shareholder delivers a proxy document to the Company in accordance with the applicable instructions before the expiry of the registration period  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that all required information is included in the proxy document.Shareholders that are legal entities can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In such case  the legal entity shall authorize the authorized representative nominated by the legal entity in the suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which they can register. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Further information is available at suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information is available on the website of the Company at www.qpr.com .Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on May 2  2024  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by May 10  2024  at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay all necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder's register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.Further information is available on the website of the Company at www.qpr.com .Other informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice  April 19  2024  the total number of shares and votes in the Company is 18 175 192.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or a shareholder’s number of votes at the General Meeting.In Helsinki on April 19  2024QPR SOFTWARE PLCThe Board of DirectorsFor further information:Heikki VeijolaChief Executive OfficerQPR Software PlcTel. +358 40 922 6029QPR Software in BriefQPR Software (Nasdaq Helsinki) is a leading player in the Digital Twin of an Organization (DTO) use case and one of the most advanced process mining software companies in the world. The company innovates  develops  and delivers software for analyzing  monitoring  and modeling organizational operations. Additionally  QPR provides consulting services to ensure its customers derive full benefits from the software and associated methodologies.www.qpr.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediaswww.qpr.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'QPR SOFTWARE PLC', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'QPR SOFTWARE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'insider trading regulations', 'Linda von Schantz', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Current Board member', 'The Remuneration Report', 'General Meeting election', 'The Board', 'significant shareholders', 'new member', 'Wednesday May', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'governing bodies', 'substantial changes', 'technical nature', 'other expenses', 'Pertti Ervi', 'Antti Koskela', 'Jukka Tapaninen', 'Matti Heikkonen', 'previous positions', 'reasonable invoice', 'Petri Kettunen', 'CEO review', 'other members', 'advisory resolution', 'financial year', 'principal auditor', 'Board members', 'APRIL', '10 A', 'NOTICE', 'Company', 'EEST', 'headquarters', 'Huopalahdentie', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'serving', 'coffee', 'Matters', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'order', 'person', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'use', 'profit', 'dividend', 'December', 'discharge', 'liability', 'website', 'March', 'amendments', 'proposal', 'Chairman', '40 percent', 'mentioned', 'shares', '60 percent', 'cash', 'accordance', 'travel', 'affairs', 'number', 'nominees', 'consent', 'Information', 'experience', 'entirety', 'CV', 'investors', 'annual-general-meeting', 'Authorization', '2:30', '2:00']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39564,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRECISE-BIOMETRICS-AB-30049589/news/Precise-Biometrics-Notice-AGM-ENG-46476352/,Precise Biometrics : Notice AGM ENG,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of Annual General Meeting in Precise Biometrics AB   Precise Biometrics AB  Reg. No. 556545-6596  with its registered office in Lund  Sweden  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 22 May 2024 at …,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Precise Biometrics AB Precise Biometrics AB  Reg. No. 556545-6596  with its registered office in Lund  Sweden  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 22 May 2024 at 2.00 p.m. at Ideon Gateway  Scheelevägen 27 in Lund  Sweden. Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participation A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Tuesday 14 May 2024  and (ii) no later than Thursday 16 May 2024  give notice by post to Precise Biometrics AB  Attn: AGM 2024  Scheelevägen 27  SE-223 63 Lund  Sweden or via e-mail to bolagsstamma@precisebiometrics.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants) as well as information about any proxy. If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the company's website  www.precisebiometrics.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the Annual General Meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 21 May 2024. Nominee-registered shares To be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 14 May 2024. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 16 May 2024 are taken into account when preparing the share register. Proposed agenda Opening of the Annual General Meeting Election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet allocation of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet discharge from liability of the board members and the CEO Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditorsDetermination of renumeration for members of the Board of Directors and auditor Election of members of the Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors and auditor Re-election of Torgny Hellström as member of the Board Re-election of Åsa Schwarz as member of the Board Re-election of Maria Rydén as member of the Board Re-election of Peter Gullander as member of the Board New election of Howard Ro as member of the Board Re-election of Torgny Hellström as Chairman of the Board Election of auditor Presentation of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for approval Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of shares and/or convertible instruments Closing of the Annual General Meeting The Nomination Committee's proposals Proposals regarding the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  the number of members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors  remuneration to the Board of Directors and the auditor  and election of members of the Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors and auditor (items 2 and 10-12) The Nomination Committee  consisting of Julian Aleksov (the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  appointed by MV Capital AB and Egis Technology) and Torgny Hellström (Chairman of the Board)  has submitted the following proposals: Attorney-at-law Christian Lindhé shall be appointed Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Christian Lindhé shall be appointed Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors shall be composed of five ordinary Board members with no deputies.The company shall have one auditor with no deputies.The remuneration to the Board of Directors is proposed to be allocated unchanged as follows: SEK 545 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 190 000 to each of the other Board members. Compensation for Committee work is proposed to be allocated unchanged as follows: 90 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 45 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and SEK 25 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 25 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee.Remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices within the auditor's quotation.Re-election of Torgny Hellström  Åsa Schwarz  Maria Rydén and Peter Gullander  and new election of Howard Ro as members of the Board of Directors. Mats Lindoff and Jimmy Hsu have declined re-election.of Torgny Hellström  Åsa Schwarz  Maria Rydén and Peter Gullander  and new election of Howard Ro as members of the Board of Directors. Mats Lindoff and Jimmy Hsu have declined re-election. Re-election of Torgny Hellström as Chairman of the Board.of Torgny Hellström as Chairman of the Board. Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young Aktiebolag as auditor of the company with Martin Henriksson as the principal auditor  in accordance with the audit committee's proposal. Information about the persons proposed to be elected as Board members. Howard Ro  born in 1985. Bachelor of Economics  University of California. Executive Vice President at Egis Technology Group since 2015. Prior to this Howard held managing positions in the finance sector in Taiwan  Hong Kong and Japan.Information about the persons proposed by the Nomination Committee to be re-elected as Board members is set forth on the company's website www.precisebiometrics.com. The Board of Directors' proposals Resolution regarding allocation of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet (item 9 b) The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend shall be paid  and that the company's result shall be carried forward. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15) The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2024 resolves on the following guidelines for executive remuneration. No material changes are proposed compared to the guidelines adopted by the Annual General Meeting 2020. The individuals who are members of the group management of Precise Biometrics during the period of which these guidelines are in force  fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2024. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting. If a Board member performs work for Precise Biometrics in addition to the assignment as Board member  these guidelines shall apply to any remuneration related to such work (e.g. consulting fees). The guidelines promotion of Precise Biometrics business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability Precise Biometrics simplifies everyday life for people by developing solutions for convenient and secure identification and verification of people's identity. In addition to software for fingerprint recognition in mobile phones and payment cards  the company offers a product for quick and secure verification of digital identity. Precise Biometrics vision is enabling convenient and secure authentication of people's identity for everyone  everywhere. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of Precise Biometrics' business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The objective of Precise Biometrics' guidelines for executive remuneration is therefore to offer competitive remuneration on market terms  so that competent and skillful personnel can be attracted  motivated and retained. These guidelines enable Precise Biometrics to offer senior executives a competitive total remuneration. Further information on the business strategy of Precise Biometrics is available at www.precisebiometrics.com. Long-term share related incentive plans have been implemented in Precise Biometrics. Since the incentive plans have been resolved by the general meeting  they are excluded from these guidelines. The incentive plans comprise  among others  senior executives and other employees in the company  and aims to offer employees an opportunity to take part of the company's value growth by promoting increased commitment and motivation to strive for a long-term favorable financial development in the company. The share-related incentive plans further contribute to strengthening Precise Biometrics' ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel and enables Precise Biometrics to offer a competitive total remuneration. For more information regarding these incentive plans  please see Precise Biometrics website  www.precisebiometrics.com. Types of remuneration etc. The remuneration to senior executives shall be on markets terms and entail both short and long-term incentives. The remuneration shall consist of fixed cash salary  pension benefits and other benefitsand may furthermore consist of variable cash remuneration. Additionally  the general meeting may irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price- related remunerations. Fixed cash salary Fixed cash salary shall be on market terms and shall reflect the individual executive's responsibility  authority  qualifications and experience. Senior executives hired on consultancy basis shall receive remuneration based on market terms taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Variable cash remuneration Variable remuneration shall be based on predetermined  well-defined and measurable financial and non-financial criteria for the group. The variable remuneration for the CEO may amount to not more than 75 percent of the fixed cash salary and may amount to not more than 50 percent of the fixed cash salary for other senior executives. The criteria for the variable cash remuneration shall primarily relate to the result  growth  financial position and operations of the group. In addition  individual criteria may be established. The criteria for variable cash remuneration shall be designed with the purpose of promoting Precise Biometrics' business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by  for example  be linked to the company's strategic focus areas and financial development. For the purpose of promoting a common endeavor of achieving the company's business strategy  long-term interests and a sustainable development of the company  and in the long run increased shareholder value  all senior executives shall substantially have the same criteria for variable remuneration. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. Pension benefits For the CEO  pension benefits shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. Pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 25 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other senior executives  pension benefits shall be premium defined unless the executive is covered by defined benefit pension according to mandatory provisions of a collective agreement. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits  unless stipulated in applicable pension policy or mandatory collective agreement provisions applicable to the executive. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall be paid according to a premium plan that shall take the executives' age and pension qualifying income into account. The pension premiums according to such a premium plan shall amount to not more than 25 percent of the pension qualifying income unless other premium levels are stipulated in mandatory collective agreement provisions. Other benefits Other benefits may include  for example  life insurance  health and medical insurance  occupational health service and company car. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. Foreign employments and expatriated executives To the extent senior executives are covered by employment contracts subject to other rules than Swedish  these may be duly adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice. Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement. Such benefits shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. Remuneration covered by the guidelines in this part shall be determined with the overall purpose of these guidelines  to the extent possible  taken into account.Remuneration to Board members If a Board member (including a Board member acting through a wholly owned company) perform work for Precise Biometrics in addition to the assignment as Board member  certain cash remuneration may be paid for such work (consultancy fee) provided that such services promote the implementation of the business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability of Precise Biometrics. The annual consultancy fee shall be in line with market terms and be related to the benefits for Precise Biometrics and for each Board member not exceed the annual Board member remuneration. Such remuneration to Board members  and other terms and conditions  shall be decided by the Board of Directors. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  etc. The Remuneration Committee shall prepare  monitor and evaluate matters regarding variable cash remuneration on behalf of the Board of Directors. After the measurement period for awarding variable cash remuneration has ended  it shall be determined to which extent the criteria have been satisfied. Evaluations regarding fulfilment of financial criteria shall be based on established financial information for the relevant period. Remuneration to the CEO shall be resolved by the Board of Directors based on the recommendation by the Remuneration Committee. Remuneration to other senior executives shall be resolved by the CEO after consultation with the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors. Variable cash remuneration can be paid after the measurement period has ended or be subject to deferred payment. Programs and criteria of variable cash remuneration shall be designed so that the Board of Directors  if exceptional economic circumstances prevail  has the possibility of limiting or refraining from payment of variable cash remuneration if such a measure is considered reasonable and compatible with the company's responsibilities towards shareholders  employees and other stakeholders. The Board of Directors shall have the possibility under applicable law or contractual provisions  to in whole or in part  reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (claw- back). Employment term and termination of employment Senior executives shall be employed until further notice or  when applicable  be hired on consultancy basis. Between Precise Biometrics and the CEO  a mutual notice period of not more than six months shall apply. Fixed cash salary and severance pay for the CEO during the notice period shall in total not exceed an amount corresponding to twelve months of fixed cash salary. At termination by the CEO  there shall be no right to severance pay. Between Precise Biometrics and other senior executives  a mutual notice period of not more than six months shall apply. Other senior executives shall not be entitled to severance pay. Senior executives may be compensated for non-compete undertakings after the termination of the employment  however  only to the extent severance pay is not paid during the same period of time. The purpose of such remuneration shall be to compensate the senior executive for the difference between the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of the employment  and the (lower) income which is obtained  or could be obtained  by a new employment contract  assignment or own business. The remuneration may be paid during the period the noncompete undertaking is applicable  and no longer than during a period of twelve months after the termination of the employment. Salary and employment conditions for employees In the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of Precise Biometrics have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration andincrease and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee's and Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelines The Board of Directors have established a Remuneration Committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for senior executive remuneration. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for senior executives  the application of the guidelines for senior executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in Precise Biometrics. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The Board members  CEO  and executive management do not participate in the Remuneration Committee's or the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. Deviation from the guidelines The Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure Precise Biometrics' financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of shares and/or convertible instruments (item 16) The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors for the period up to the next Annual General Meeting to resolve  whether on one or several occasions  to issue ordinary shares and/or convertible instruments regarding such shares corresponding to an increase of the Company's share capital with not more than 20 percent of the share capital as per the date of the resolution on the new issue with the support of this authorisation. The Board of Directors shall be authorised to adopt decisions on an issue of ordinary shares and/or convertible instruments with or without deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and/or an issue in kind or an issue by way of set-off or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5  second paragraph 1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. An issue in accordance with this authorization shall be on market conditions  subject to issue discounts in line with market practice. The reason to propose that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and that the board shall be authorised to decide on an issue in kind or an issue by way of set-off or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to above is that the Company shall be able to issue shares and/or convertible instruments in connection with acquisitions of companies or businesses and to carry-out directed new issues in order to raise capital to the Company. It is proposed that the CEO is authorised to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration with the registration thereof. A resolution in accordance with the proposal is valid only if supported by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. _______________________,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Notice AGM ENG', 'Precise Biometrics', 'consolidated balance sheet allocation', 'Annual General Meeting Preparation', 'consolidated financial statements Resolution', 'Annual General Meeting Election', 'five ordinary Board members', 'balance sheet discharge', 'Torgny Hellström', 'Maria Rydén', 'convertible instruments Closing', 'MV Capital AB', 'maximum two assistants', 'consolidated income statement', 'Precise Biometrics AB', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Board New election', 'voting right registration', 'other Board members', 'corporate registration number', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'Committee work', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'agenda Election', 'registered office', 'Ideon Gateway', 'Scheelevägen', 'share register', 'accompanying assistant', 'legal entity', 'right registrations', 'agenda Opening', 'Åsa Schwarz', 'Peter Gullander', 'Howard Ro', 'senior executives', 'proposals Proposals', 'Julian Aleksov', 'Egis Technology', 'following proposals', 'Christian Lindhé', 'Board Election', 'Such registration', 'auditor Election', 'minutes Determination', 'Board Re-election', 'Wednesday 22 May', 'Tuesday 14 May', 'Thursday 16 May', 'equivalent certificate', 'telephone number', 'auditor Re-election', 'state name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'proxy form', 'CEO Determination', 'one auditor', '21 May', 'Notice', 'Reg.', 'Lund', 'participation', 'shareholder', 'circumstances', 'post', 'Attn', 'AGM', 'mail', 'bolagsstamma', 'precisebiometrics', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'website', 'authority', 'addition', 'notification', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'result', 'liability', 'auditors', 'renumeration', 'guidelines', 'authorisation', 'issue', 'items', 'Attorney', 'law', 'deputies', 'SEK', 'Compensation', '2.00']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39565,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Jefferies-sticks-Neutral-46476470/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Jefferies sticks Neutral,(marketscreener.com) Tom Mills from Jefferies retains his Neutral opinion on the stock. The target price remains unchanged at EUR 195.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Jefferies-sticks-Neutral-46476470/…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Jefferies', 'Neutral', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39566,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2866274/0/en/Aedifica-NV-SA-Repurchase-of-own-shares.html,Aedifica NV/SA: Repurchase of own shares,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding a repurchase of own shares.,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding a repurchase of own shares.… [+10 chars],neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', 'Repurchase', 'shares', 'public regulated real estate company', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Aedifica', 'repurchase', 'shares', '10 chars']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2865929/0/en/Evs-Invites-Its-Shareholders-to-the-Ordinary-General-Meeting-and-an-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-on-May-21-2024.html,Evs Invites Its Shareholders to the Ordinary General Meeting and an Extraordinary General Meeting on May 21  2024,Publication on April 19  2024  at 6:30 am before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR),Publication on April 19  2024  at 6:30 am before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON MAY 21  2024EVS Broadcast Equipment  leading provider of live video production systems  published today the invitation to its Ordinary General Meeting  to be held on May 21  2024  at 11 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).Aside from the usual topics  including the 2023 annual and sustainability reports  the Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders to approve the following resolutions:The payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.10 per share (including the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 paid in November 2023);A profit-sharing plan in the form of a grant of 36 EVS shares for each EVS employee  in proportion to their effective services in 2023;Board mandates: The renewal of the mandate of The House of Value – Advisory & Solutions BV  represented by Mr. Johan Deschuyffeleer  as independent Director; The renewal of the mandate of Innoconsult BV  represented by Mr. Martin De Prycker  as independent Director;andThe renewal of the mandate of Mr. Michel Counson as Director.An Extraordinary General Meeting of the company will also be held on the same day  at 12 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below). The Board of Directors will propose to this effect to the Shareholders to approve the issuance of subscription rights (warrants).The convocation and all documents relating to the General Meetings of May 21  2024 are available on the website of EVS Broadcast Equipment at https://evs.com/en/corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings  including the 2023 annual and sustainability reports.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Ordinary General Meeting', 'Evs', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', 'gripping live sports images', 'Mr. Martin De Prycker', 'live video production systems', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Mr. Johan Deschuyffeleer', 'Mr. Michel Counson', 'live video technology', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'entire production process', 'ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'total gross dividend', 'new media productions', 'production teams', 'General Meetings', 'interim dividend', 'new technologies', 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'Liège', 'usual topics', 'sustainability reports', 'following resolutions', 'profit-sharing plan', 'effective services', 'The House', 'Solutions BV', 'Innoconsult BV', 'same day', 'subscription rights', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'market requirements', 'entertainment shows', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '600 team members', 'technical support', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', '36 EVS shares', 'EVS employee', 'EVS solutions', 'independent Director', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'one industry', 'market share', 'unanticipated events', 'Regulated information', 'Board mandates', 'public company', 'Publication', 'April', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'invitation', '11 am', 'agenda', 'website', 'link', '2023 annual', 'Directors', 'payment', 'November', 'grant', 'proportion', 'renewal', 'Value', 'Advisory', '12 am', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'convocation', 'documents', 'corporate/corporate-governance', 'general-meetings', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'SRL', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'commitment', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment', '6:30']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/Evs-Invites-Its-Shareholders-to-the-Ordinary-General-Meeting-and-an-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-on-46474322/,Evs Invites Its Shareholders to the Ordinary General Meeting and an Extraordinary General Meeting on May 21  2024,(marketscreener.com) Publication on April 19  2024  at 6:30 am before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GE…,Publication on April 19  2024  at 6:30 am before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON MAY 21  2024EVS Broadcast Equipment  leading provider of live video production systems  published today the invitation to its Ordinary General Meeting  to be held on May 21  2024  at 11 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).Aside from the usual topics  including the 2023 annual and sustainability reports  the Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders to approve the following resolutions:The payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.10 per share (including the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 paid in November 2023);A profit-sharing plan in the form of a grant of 36 EVS shares for each EVS employee  in proportion to their effective services in 2023;Board mandates: The renewal of the mandate of The House of Value – Advisory & Solutions BV  represented by Mr. Johan Deschuyffeleer  as independent Director; The renewal of the mandate of Innoconsult BV  represented by Mr. Martin De Prycker  as independent Director;andThe renewal of the mandate of Mr. Michel Counson as Director.An Extraordinary General Meeting of the company will also be held on the same day  at 12 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below). The Board of Directors will propose to this effect to the Shareholders to approve the issuance of subscription rights (warrants).The convocation and all documents relating to the General Meetings of May 21  2024 are available on the website of EVS Broadcast Equipment at https://evs.com/en/corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings  including the 2023 annual and sustainability reports.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com .Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Ordinary General Meeting', 'Evs', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', 'gripping live sports images', 'Mr. Martin De Prycker', 'live video production systems', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Mr. Johan Deschuyffeleer', 'Mr. Michel Counson', 'live video technology', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'entire production process', 'ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'total gross dividend', 'new media productions', 'production teams', 'General Meetings', 'interim dividend', 'new technologies', 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'Liège', 'usual topics', 'sustainability reports', 'following resolutions', 'profit-sharing plan', 'effective services', 'The House', 'Solutions BV', 'Innoconsult BV', 'same day', 'subscription rights', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'market requirements', 'entertainment shows', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '600 team members', 'technical support', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', '36 EVS shares', 'EVS employee', 'EVS solutions', 'independent Director', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'one industry', 'market share', 'unanticipated events', 'Regulated information', 'Board mandates', 'public company', 'Publication', 'April', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'invitation', '11 am', 'agenda', 'website', 'link', '2023 annual', 'Directors', 'payment', 'November', 'grant', 'proportion', 'renewal', 'Value', 'Advisory', '12 am', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'convocation', 'documents', 'corporate/corporate-governance', 'general-meetings', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'SRL', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'commitment', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment', '6:30']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46474741/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 19-Apr-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST19 April 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 18th of April 2024 it purch…,"19 April 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 18th of April 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 60 000 40 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6340 £1.3960 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6160 £1.3800 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6258 £1.3904The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 648 243 920 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 5 094 1.6280 XDUB 08:26:28 00028809514TRDU1 2 502 1.6160 XDUB 08:53:59 00028809841TRDU1 450 1.6320 XDUB 10:16:21 00028810342TRDU1 1 303 1.6320 XDUB 10:16:21 00028810343TRDU1 2 497 1.6320 XDUB 10:16:21 00028810344TRDU1 276 1.6320 XDUB 10:16:21 00028810345TRDU1 1 624 1.6320 XDUB 10:16:21 00028810346TRDU1 1 900 1.6320 XDUB 10:16:21 00028810347TRDU1 306 1.6320 XDUB 10:16:21 00028810348TRDU1 2 716 1.6240 XDUB 11:34:20 00028810598TRDU1 651 1.6240 XDUB 11:34:20 00028810600TRDU1 2 1.6240 XDUB 11:34:20 00028810601TRDU1 1 073 1.6340 XDUB 12:38:51 00028810888TRDU1 2 537 1.6340 XDUB 12:38:52 00028810889TRDU1 5 234 1.6320 XDUB 12:47:15 00028810916TRDU1 2 596 1.6260 XDUB 13:07:05 00028811278TRDU1 1 571 1.6160 XDUB 14:12:45 00028811584TRDU1 918 1.6160 XDUB 14:30:04 00028811637TRDU1 524 1.6160 XDUB 14:30:04 00028811638TRDU1 1 900 1.6160 XDUB 14:30:04 00028811639TRDU1 3 800 1.6160 XDUB 14:30:04 00028811641TRDU1 1 971 1.6160 XDUB 14:30:04 00028811642TRDU1 1 177 1.6200 XDUB 14:53:53 00028812020TRDU1 1 746 1.6200 XDUB 14:53:53 00028812021TRDU1 219 1.6280 XDUB 15:46:30 00028812558TRDU1 1 555 1.6280 XDUB 15:46:30 00028812559TRDU1 980 1.6280 XDUB 15:46:30 00028812560TRDU1 31 1.6280 XDUB 15:48:00 00028812575TRDU1 2 589 1.6280 XDUB 15:48:00 00028812576TRDU1 2 674 1.6300 XDUB 16:12:27 00028812778TRDU1 2 493 1.6300 XDUB 16:12:27 00028812779TRDU1 75 1.6240 XDUB 16:22:48 00028812877TRDU1 3 237 1.6240 XDUB 16:26:06 00028812924TRDU1 1 779 1.6240 XDUB 16:27:52 00028812944TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.44,0.54,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '648,243,920 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', '19 April', '18th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028809514TRDU1', '00028809841TRDU1', '00028810342TRDU1', '00028810343TRDU1', '00028810344TRDU1', '00028810345TRDU1', '00028810346TRDU1', '00028810347TRDU1', '00028810348TRDU1', '00028810598TRDU1', '00028810600TRDU1', '00028810601TRDU1', '00028810888TRDU1', '00028810889TRDU1', '00028810916TRDU1', '00028811278TRDU1', '00028811584TRDU1', '00028811637TRDU1', '00028811638TRDU1', '00028811639TRDU1', '00028811641TRDU1', '00028811642TRDU1', '00028812020TRDU1', '00028812021TRDU1', '00028812558TRDU1', '00028812559TRDU1', '00028812560TRDU1', '00028812575TRDU1', '00028812778TRDU1', '00028812779TRDU1', '00028812877TRDU1', '00028812924TRDU1', '00028812944TRDU1']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PLUXEE-N-V-164508055/news/France-s-Pluxee-raises-guidance-after-strong-H1-performance-46474466/,France's Pluxee raises guidance after strong H1 performance,(marketscreener.com) French voucher and benefits companyPluxee raised its full-year organic sales growth targeton Friday  after delivering a strong half-year performance inthe group's first earnings report since its Euronext Paris debutin February. Citin…,"April 19 (Reuters) - French voucher and benefits company Pluxee raised its full-year organic sales growth target on Friday  after delivering a strong half-year performance in the group's first earnings report since its Euronext Paris debut in February.Citing a favourable macro environment  Pluxee is now targeting between a 15% and 17% increase in its organic revenue growth for the year  compared to the low double-digit percentage increase it forecast in January.""This is the result of a very good sales performance. Over the last two years  we've seen very good momentum  but it's a momentum that's continuing  both in terms of signing new customers ... development and annual volumes "" CEO Aurelien Sonnet told Reuters in an interview.Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortisation (EBITDA) came in at 201 million euros ($214 million) for the period between September and February  representing 28% organic growth compared with the previous year.It was ""a performance across the board  in all the regions in which we operate "" Sonnet said.Employers have been turning to voucher companies like Pluxee to support staff without having to increase wages  and to offer perks to encourage workers to return to the office rather than work from home.The group maintained its mid-term guidance of low double-digit percentage organic sales growth until 2026.Competitor Edenred on Thursday reported first-quarter operating revenue that beat estimates with a growth of 18.8% to 625 million euros.($1 = 0.9402 euros)(Reporting by Stéphanie Hamel; Editing by Tom Hogue)",neutral,0.29,0.7,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['strong H1 performance', 'France', 'Pluxee', 'guidance', 'low double-digit percentage organic sales growth', 'full-year organic sales growth target', 'low double-digit percentage increase', 'organic revenue growth', 'good sales performance', 'Euronext Paris debut', 'favourable macro environment', 'last two years', 'first-quarter operating revenue', 'Stéphanie Hamel', 'strong half-year performance', 'first earnings report', 'CEO Aurelien Sonnet', '28% organic growth', 'French voucher', 'benefits company', 'good momentum', 'new customers', 'annual volumes', 'voucher companies', 'mid-term guidance', 'Competitor Edenred', 'Tom Hogue', '201 million euros', '625 million euros', 'previous year', '17% increase', '0.9402 euros', 'April', 'Reuters', 'Pluxee', 'Friday', 'group', 'February', 'January', 'result', 'terms', 'development', 'interview', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'EBITDA', 'period', 'September', 'board', 'regions', 'Employers', 'staff', 'wages', 'perks', 'workers', 'office', 'home', 'Thursday', 'estimates', 'Editing', '18.']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/Argan-almost-28-of-dividend-paid-in-shares-46474689/,Argan: almost 28% of dividend paid in shares,(marketscreener.com) Argan has announced that 27.77% of its shareholders have opted for payment of their dividend in shares. As a result  283 267 new shares will be delivered and listed on Euronext Paris  representing a capital increase of 1.2%.As a result  o…,Argan: almost 28% of dividend paid in sharesApril 19  2024 at 01:48 am EDT ShareArgan has announced that 27.77% of its shareholders have opted for payment of their dividend in shares. As a result  283 267 new shares will be delivered and listed on Euronext Paris  representing a capital increase of 1.2%.As a result  on April 22  the date on which the 2023 dividend will be paid in cash and shares  the logistics property company's share capital will consist of 23 375 645 shares and 23 362 070 actual voting rights.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Argan', 'dividend', 'shares', 'logistics property company', '23,362,070 actual voting rights', 'EDT Share', 'Euronext Paris', 'capital increase', 'share capital', '283,267 new shares', '23,375,645 shares', 'Argan', 'dividend', 'April', 'shareholders', 'payment', 'result', 'date', 'cash', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', '01']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ICELANDIC-SALMON-114282622/news/Icelandic-Salmon-Annual-Report-for-2023-46474234/,Icelandic Salmon - Annual Report for 2023,(marketscreener.com) Bíldudalur  19 April 2023 Icelandic Salmon AS has today published its integrated Annual Report for 2023  including sustainability reporting and complete annual accounts with notes. The report is attached and available on the company‘s web…,"Bíldudalur  19 April 2023Icelandic Salmon AS (Euronext Growth Oslo and First North Iceland: ISLAX) has today published its integrated Annual Report for 2023  including sustainability reporting and complete annual accounts with notes. The report is attached and available on the company‘s website: https://arnarlax.is/investors/“In 2023  Icelandic Salmon supplied the world markets with a record-breaking 17 919 tonnes of salmon  thanks to the dedicated work of our employees. Despite facing many challenges this year - including macroeconomic changes  geopolitical tensions  and biological obstacles – we prioritised the health and wellbeing of our fish. Looking ahead  we are committed to sustaining this priority while growing our operations "" Bjørn Hembre  CEO of Icelandic Salmon and Arnarlax says.In Bjørn‘s letter  which in included in the report  he writes: “Salmon farming holds great promise for Iceland  in terms of future jobs and economic growth. During the past few years  we have seen significant tax hikes  and a new law proposal is now in Althingi for final sanctioning. As a leading producer of salmon  we are concerned that the uncertainty that these processes has introduced could make it more difficult for Iceland to build this new pillar in the country’s economy. We remain committed  however  to work with policy makers for a stable  mutually beneficial framework going forward.“For further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn HembreTel: +47 913 47 432Email: bjorn@arnarlax.isCFO Jónas Heiðar BirgissonTel: +354 414 0609Email: jonas@arnarlax.isAbout Icelandic Salmon:Icelandic Salmon is listed at the Euronext Growth. The company is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with their head office in Bildudalur. The company is fully integrated  from egg to the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.arnarlax.is for more information about the company.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.24,0.51,True,English,"['Icelandic Salmon', 'Annual Report', 'Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act Attachment', 'stable, mutually beneficial framework', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', 'significant tax hikes', 'new law proposal', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'First North Iceland', 'integrated Annual Report', 'Icelandic Salmon AS', 'leading farming company', 'annual accounts', 'leading producer', 'new pillar', 'Salmon farming', 'economic growth', 'Bíldudalur', 'sustainability reporting', 'world markets', 'record-breaking 17,919 tonnes', 'dedicated work', 'many challenges', 'macroeconomic changes', 'geopolitical tensions', 'biological obstacles', 'great promise', 'future jobs', 'final sanctioning', 'policy makers', 'head office', 'value chain', 'disclosure requirements', 'Arnarlax ehf', '19 April', 'ISLAX', 'complete', 'notes', 'website', 'investors', 'employees', 'health', 'wellbeing', 'fish', 'priority', 'operations', 'letter', 'terms', 'past', 'years', 'Althingi', 'uncertainty', 'processes', 'country', 'economy', 'information', 'Tel', 'Email', 'bjorn', 'CFO', 'jonas', '100% owner', 'Bildudalur', 'egg', 'customers', 'control', 'parts', 'Section', '47', '354']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/ARGAN-Mr-Aymar-de-GERMAY-is-appointed-at-the-Executive-Board-of-ARGAN-46474557/,ARGAN: Mr. Aymar de GERMAY is appointed at the Executive Board of ARGAN,(marketscreener.com) Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Friday  April 19  2024 – 7.30 am Mr. Aymar de GERMAY is appointed at the Executive Board of ARGAN Upon proposal of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee  the Supervisory Board of Argan decided  on A…,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Friday  April 19  2024 – 7.30 amMr. Aymar de GERMAY is appointedat the Executive Board of ARGANUpon proposal of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee  the Supervisory Board of Argan decided  on April 18  2024  to appoint Mr. Aymar de GERMAY as a member of the Executive Board replacing Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS  who resigned  with immediate effect and for the remaining duration of the term.Aged 50  Mr. Aymar de GERMAY joined the Company in July 2022.A graduate of Sciences Po and ESSEC  he has developed  over more than 25 years  a unique career path leading him to assume management roles in both the public and private sectors. Alongside his professional activity  he notably held several mandates as a local elected official between 2001 and 2020.Before joining ARGAN  he was the CEO of TILIA France  a consulting firm that supports industrial and public authorities in their ecological and energy transition strategies and projects.As General Secretary of ARGAN  Aymar de GERMAY will also continue to oversee governance  corporate legal matters  administrative affairs  human resources  and ESG strategy.Consequently  the Executive Board is composed of three members:Ronan LE LAN  ChairmanFrancis ALBERTINELLI  MemberAymar de GERMAY  Member2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.06,0.41,0.53,True,English,"['Mr. Aymar de GERMAY', 'Executive Board', 'ARGAN', 'Mr. Frédéric LARROUMETS', 'real estate investment company', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'Mr. Aymar de GERMAY', 'unique career path', 'local elected official', 'energy transition strategies', 'corporate legal matters', 'Ronan LE LAN', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'Marlène Brisset', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'French SIIC', 'ESG strategy', 'TILIA France', 'Net sales', 'Press release', 'Executive Board', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Supervisory Board', 'immediate effect', 'remaining duration', 'Sciences Po', 'management roles', 'private sectors', 'professional activity', 'several mandates', 'consulting firm', 'General Secretary', 'administrative affairs', 'human resources', 'three members', 'Francis ALBERTINELLI', '2024 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', '2025 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'rental management', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'continental part', 'EPRA Europe', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'public authorities', 'development milestones', 'Friday', 'April', 'ARGAN', 'proposal', 'Nominations', 'term', 'July', 'graduate', 'ESSEC', '25 years', 'CEO', 'industrial', 'ecological', 'projects', 'governance', 'Chairman', 'Publication', 'closing', 'October', 'January', 'March', 'market', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '7.30']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/19/hibernia-reit-lonhbrn-stock-crosses-below-50-day-moving-average-of-136-90/,Hibernia REIT (LON:HBRN) Stock Crosses Below 50 Day Moving Average of $136.90,Shares of Hibernia REIT Plc (LON:HBRN – Get Free Report) crossed below its fifty day moving average during trading on Thursday . The stock has a fifty day moving average of GBX 136.90 ($1.70) and traded as low as GBX 136.20 ($1.70). Hibernia REIT shares last …,Shares of Hibernia REIT Plc (LON:HBRN – Get Free Report) crossed below its fifty day moving average during trading on Thursday . The stock has a fifty day moving average of GBX 136.90 ($1.70) and traded as low as GBX 136.20 ($1.70). Hibernia REIT shares last traded at GBX 136.90 ($1.70)  with a volume of 100 shares.Hibernia REIT Price PerformanceThe firm has a market capitalization of £906.02 million and a P/E ratio of 35.10. The business has a fifty day moving average of GBX 136.90 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 136.90. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 27.34  a quick ratio of 0.81 and a current ratio of 0.81.Hibernia REIT Company Profile(Get Free Report)Hibernia REIT plc is an Irish Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange. Hibernia owns and develops property and specialises in Dublin city centre offices.Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Hibernia REIT Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hibernia REIT and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['50 Day Moving Average', 'Hibernia REIT', 'Stock Crosses', 'HBRN', 'Irish Real Estate Investment Trust', 'fifty day moving average', 'Dublin city centre offices', 'Hibernia REIT Price Performance', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Hibernia REIT Company Profile', '200-day moving average', 'Get Free Report', 'concise daily summary', 'Hibernia REIT Daily', 'Hibernia REIT Plc', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Hibernia REIT shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'email address', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", '100 shares', 'HBRN', 'trading', 'Thursday', 'GBX', 'volume', 'firm', 'business', 'debt', 'property']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,etfdailynews.com
39575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BE-SEMICONDUCTOR-INDUSTRI-6318/news/BE-Semiconductor-Industries-N-Announces-2024-First-Quarter-Conference-Call-and-Webcast-Details-46480821/,BE Semiconductor Industries N : Announces 2024 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast Details,(marketscreener.com)   Press Releases  19 Apr 2024   BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces 2024 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast Details    Duiven  the Netherlands  April 19  2024 - BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.     a leading manufa…,"Press Releases 19 Apr 2024 BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces 2024 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast DetailsDuiven  the Netherlands  April 19  2024 - BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. (""the Company"" or ""Besi"")  (Euronext Amsterdam: BESI; OTC: BESIY)  a leading manufacturer of assembly equipment for the semiconductor industry  will release its results for the first quarter ended March 31  2024  on Thursday April 25  2024 at 7.00 a.m. CET (1.00 a.m. EDT).A conference call to discuss the Company's 2024 first quarter results will be held on Thursday April 25  2024  at 4.00 p.m. CET (10.00 a.m. EDT).Interested parties can pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in number and a personal PIN which are required to get access to the conference call. The audio webcast can be accessed via: www.besi.com  where also a replay will be available shortly after the call.To read the full version of this press release  please download the PDF file.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['BE Semiconductor Industries N', '2024 First Quarter Conference Call', 'Webcast Details', 'BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', '2024 First Quarter Conference Call', 'Webcast Details Duiven', '2024 first quarter results', 'semiconductor industry', 'audio webcast', 'Press Releases', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'leading manufacturer', 'assembly equipment', 'Interested parties', 'personal PIN', 'full version', 'PDF file', 'Thursday April', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'BESI', 'OTC', 'March', 'CET', 'link', 'dial', 'number', 'access', 'replay', '7.00', '4.00']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYRSTAR-NV-28377339/news/Nyrstar-NV-2023-Full-Year-Results-46474435/,Nyrstar NV 2023 Full Year Results,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Nyrstar NV 2023 Full Year Results 19 April 2024 at 07:00 CEST Nyrstar NV is today announcing the publication of its financial statements for the twelve months ended 31 December 2023 . The Full Year Results 2023 have …,"Regulated InformationNyrstar NV 2023 Full Year Results19 April 2024 at 07:00 CESTNyrstar NV (""Nyrstar"" or the “Company”) is today announcing the publication of its financial statements for the twelve months ended 31 December 2023 (“Full Year Results 2023”). The Full Year Results 2023 have been prepared on a discontinuity basis as a result of the decision of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of 9 December 2019 to reject the continuation of the Company’s activities.The Company has received from its auditor  and is publishing today  an audit opinion to accompany its Full Year Results 2023. In its audit opinion  the auditor confirms that in its opinion  the annual accounts give a true and fair view of the Company’s net equity and financial position as of 31 December 2023  as well as of its results for the year then ended  in accordance with the financial reporting framework applicable in Belgium.The Full Year Results 2023 and the associated reports of the Company’s board of directors have today been published in the reports and presentation section of the Nyrstar website (see https://www.nyrstar.be/en/investors/results-reports-and-presentations/2024 ).About NyrstarThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar NV website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information contact:Anthony Simms - Head of External Affairs & Legal anthony.simms@nyrstar nv.beAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.34,0.65,True,English,"['Nyrstar NV 2023 Full Year Results', 'Nyrstar NV 2023 Full Year Results', 'The Full Year Results', 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'financial reporting framework', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'Nyrstar website', 'financial statements', 'financial position', 'twelve months', 'discontinuity basis', 'annual accounts', 'fair view', 'net equity', 'presentation section', 'Euronext Brussels', 'External Affairs', 'Legal anthony', 'The Company', 'audit opinion', 'Anthony Simms', 'Regulated Information', 'associated reports', '19 April', '07:00 CEST', 'publication', 'December', 'decision', 'continuation', 'activities', 'auditor', 'true', 'accordance', 'Belgium', 'board', 'directors', 'investors', 'presentations', 'symbol', 'nyrstarnv', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FINE-FOODS-PHARMACEUTICAL-31660675/news/Fine-Foods-Pharmaceuticals-N-T-M-S-p-A-NOTICE-OF-29-MAY-2024-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-ADDITIONAL-DO-46479756/,Fine Foods & Pharmaceuticals N T M S p A : NOTICE OF 29 MAY 2024 SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FILING,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE OF 29 MAY 2024 SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING   ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FILING   Verdellino   19 April 2024   Fine Foods & Pharmaceuticals N.T.M. S.p.A. announces that today  the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting call notice for …,NOTICE OF 29 MAY 2024 SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FILINGVerdellino (BG)  19 April 2024Fine Foods & Pharmaceuticals N.T.M. S.p.A. announces that today  the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting call notice for 29 May 2024 at 3 pm on a single call  the Board of Directors' Explanatory Report on the items on the agenda of the above Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting and the Report on the remuneration policy and compensation under art. 123-ter of the TUF are available at the registered office  on the Company's website at www.finefoods.it  in the Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section and on the 1info authorised storage system managed by Computershare S.p.A. at www.1info.it.***This press release is available on the Fine Foods website www.finefoods.it in the Investor Relations/Press Releases section.***Fine Foods & Pharmaceuticals N.T.M. S.p.A.  listed on Borsa Italiana's Euronext STAR Milan (Ticker: FF) is an Italian independent CDMO (Contract Development and Manufacturing Organisation). It develops and manufactures contract products for the pharmaceutical  nutraceutical and cosmetics industries. Founded in 1984  Fine Foods proved to be a reliable and capable strategic partner for customers in the reference sectors. The company's organisation can provide successful design process and solid  long-term partnerships. The continuous search for excellence is part of the company's business model and includes research and development  innovation  process reliability  product quality  ESG  and sustainable management of the Group's supply chain. Fine Foods is a benefit corporation which relies on certifications and ratings under international standards. These guarantee its sustainability commitment across the business. With €251.8 million revenue in 2023  Fine Foods is a growing and future-oriented company.***For further information:Fine Foods & Pharmaceuticals N.T.M. S.p.A.Tel +39 035 4821382Investor Relations: ir@finefoods.itMedia Relations: media.relations@finefoods.it,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['T M S', 'ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FILING', 'Fine Foods', 'Pharmaceuticals', 'NOTICE', 'Pharmaceuticals N.T.M. S.p.A.', 'Computershare S.p.A.', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting call notice"", 'ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FILING Verdellino', '1info authorised storage system', 'Investor Relations/Press Releases section', ""Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'Italian independent CDMO', 'capable strategic partner', 'solid, long-term partnerships', 'successful design process', ""Directors' Explanatory Report"", 'Fine Foods website', 'single call', 'process reliability', 'remuneration policy', 'registered office', 'Borsa Italiana', 'contract products', 'cosmetics industries', 'reference sectors', 'continuous search', 'product quality', 'sustainable management', 'supply chain', 'benefit corporation', 'international standards', 'sustainability commitment', '€251.8 million revenue', 'Media Relations', 'Contract Development', 'Manufacturing Organisation', 'business model', 'future-oriented company', '29 MAY 2024', 'BG', '19 April', 'Board', 'items', 'agenda', 'compensation', 'art.', 'TUF', 'finefoods', 'Ticker', 'nutraceutical', 'reliable', 'customers', 'excellence', 'research', 'innovation', 'ESG', 'Group', 'certifications', 'ratings', 'growing', 'information', 'Tel', '3']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLUTIONS-30-SE-47041212/news/Publication-of-the-2023-annual-report-46480853/,Publication of the 2023 annual report,(marketscreener.com) The 2023 annual consolidated financial statements of the Solutions30 Group were certified with an unqualified opinion. They were approved by the company' Management Board and examined by the Supervisory Board. The annual report at Decembe…,The 2023 annual consolidated financial statements of the Solutions30 Group were certified with an unqualified opinion. They were approved by the company' Management Board and examined by the Supervisory Board.The annual report at December 31  2023 has been made available to the public and filed in the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) and the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF). It includes the financial report and the report on corporate governance and internal control.The report is available on the Solutions30 website (www.solutions30.com)  in the Investors section  under Publications / Financial Reports.About Solutions30 SESolutions30 provides consumers and businesses with access to the key technological advancements that are shaping our everyday lives  especially those driving the digital transformation and energy transition. With its network of more than 16 000 technicians  Solutions30 has completed over 65 million call-outs since its inception and led over 500 renewable energy projects with a combined maximum output surpassing 1 000 MWp. In pursuing its vision of a more connected and sustainable world  Solutions30 has become an industry leader in Europe with operations in 10 countries: France  Italy  Germany  the Netherlands  Belgium  Luxembourg  Spain  Portugal  the United Kingdom  and Poland.The capital of Solutions30 SE consists of 107 127 984 shares  equal to the number of theoretical votes that can be exercised. Solutions30 SE is listed on the Euronext Paris exchange (ISIN FR0013379484- code S30). Indexes: MSCI Europe ex-UK Small Cap | SBF 120 | CAC Mid 60 | NEXT 150 | CAC Technology | CAC PME.Visit our website for more information: www.solutions30.comContactIndividual Shareholders:actionnaires@solutions30.com – Tel: +33 (0)1 86 86 00 63Analysts/Investors:investor.relations@solutions30.comPress - Image 7:Charlotte Le Barbier - Tel: +33 6 78 37 27 60 - clebarbier@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2023 annual report', 'Publication', 'European Single Electronic Format', '2023 annual consolidated financial statements', 'Commission de Surveillance', 'Marchés Financiers', 'key technological advancements', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'UK Small Cap', 'Charlotte Le Barbier', ""company' Management Board"", '500 renewable energy projects', 'Financial Reports', 'Supervisory Board', 'annual report', 'energy transition', 'unqualified opinion', 'Secteur Financier', 'corporate governance', 'internal control', 'everyday lives', 'digital transformation', '65 million call-outs', 'maximum output', 'sustainable world', 'industry leader', 'United Kingdom', 'theoretical votes', 'FR0013379484- code', 'CAC Mid', 'CAC Technology', 'CAC PME', 'Individual Shareholders', 'Investors section', 'MSCI Europe', 'Solutions30 Group', 'Solutions30 SE', 'Solutions30 website', 'December', 'public', 'ESEF', 'CSSF', 'Autorité', 'AMF', 'consumers', 'businesses', 'access', 'network', '16,000 technicians', 'inception', 'combined', '1,000 MWp', 'vision', 'connected', 'operations', '10 countries', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Poland', 'capital', '107,127,984 shares', 'number', 'Indexes', 'SBF', 'information', 'Contact', 'actionnaires', 'Tel', 'relations', 'Press', 'Image', 'clebarbier', 'Attachment']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4121536.html,Sofitel Presents Its New Brand Campaign Film “The Encounter”,Somewhere there is a world where destinies collide. A world where one can spread their wings and wander  exactly as one wishes. In April  Sofitel takes us to this very special place with its new campaign starring Gillian Anderson and Dali Benssalah  the brand…,Somewhere there is a world where destinies collide. A world where one can spread their wings and wander  exactly as one wishes. In April  Sofitel takes us to this very special place with its new campaign starring Gillian Anderson and Dali Benssalah  the brand’s two ambassadors. A short film immortalized in the Sofitel Mexico City Reforma  an iconic hotel that unites past and present at the heart of a city with a rich culture. An ideal location to embody the brand's striking new vision.Where lives are played out in parallelSofitel’s new campaign is captured on film at the iconic Sofitel Mexico City Reforma  one of the brand’s flagship locations. Mexico City. A colorful setting with multiple facets  from historical details to contemporary touches  explored by two new ambassadors.On one hand  we have the legendary Gillian Anderson  a British-American actress  world-famous for her roles in The X Files  The Fall  The Crown  and Sex Education. I have always had a restless spirit and this new campaign by Sofitel embodies exactly that hunger to explore and what better location to celebrate that mindset than the phenomenally stimulating and sensuous Mexico City. — Gillian Anderson  actressOn the other hand  Dali Benssalah  a French-Algerian actor who achieved international fame with his role in the most recent James Bond movie (No Time to Die  2021) and his performance in a music video by the group The Blaze. The pleasure of getting lost in Mexico City. The joy of meeting up at the Sofitel. Both already look like movie sets. An honor to be a Sofitel ambassador in front of these cameras. — Dali Benssalah  actorTwo celebrities  two free minds  living the Sofitel experience differently  each at their own pace  guided by the same desire for freedom. For one  a film shoot at a colourful outdoor market  an exploration of local traditions and a lively gastronomic experience. For the other  wellness  sport  adventure and laughter with friends. The result is a two-and-a-half-minute film  titled The Encounter  about the beauty of how two lives  two free minds from different and diverse cultural backgrounds  intersect until they finally meet.Where Sofitel is transformedAmongst the newly established Sofitel pillars  we have the Cultural Link. Much more than a logo  these two interlacing geometric curves symbolize the encounter of ideas  people and cultures. This campaign beautifully conveys this concept and the brand’s values. The French zest comes to life with the open mindsets of the two protagonists. The heartfelt service culture is illustrated by the discreet (yet essential) contributions of the Sofitel team members.This video symbolizes Sofitel’s new positioning: a desire to create encounters between cultures  people and ideas - the very definition of Sofitel's DNA. An invitation to discover the local culture  to open up to others  and to live the Sofitel experience to the fullest  while remaining true to one’s self at all times. — Nicolas Gronier  VP Global Marketing SofitelWhere local cultures are preservedAll year long  Sofitel promotes local cultures and makes them accessible to as many people as possible through partnerships with arts institutions across diverse genres. In this campaign  the brand pays tribute to cinema and Mexican culture  by showcasing Mexico City’s National Museum of Anthropology and a traditional market. Sofitel embodies a more sustainable and committed luxury highlighting local artists and local cultures  a way to give back to the communities where Sofitel’s 120 hotels are located.Discover the campaign video here.*Since 2007  Sofitel has been rolling out its ‘Candle Ritual’  inspired by the Paris of the 1860s (when more than 56 000 oil lamps lit up what was later dubbed ‘The city of lights’). A unique ceremony in which the Sofitel teams light candles in the hotels at nightfall.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.8,0.18,0.02,True,English,"['New Brand Campaign Film', 'Sofitel Presents', 'The Encounter', 'iconic Sofitel Mexico City Reforma', 'recent James Bond movie', 'two interlacing geometric curves', 'VP Global Marketing Sofitel', 'world leading hospitality group', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'two free minds', 'sensuous Mexico City', 'colourful outdoor market', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'striking new vision', 'lively gastronomic experience', 'heartfelt service culture', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'The X Files', 'creative hospitality company', 'economy hotel brands', 'legendary Gillian Anderson', 'diverse cultural backgrounds', 'two new ambassadors', 'Accor Live Limitless', 'Sofitel team members', 'iconic hotel', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'two ambassadors', 'movie sets', 'global collective', 'Two celebrities', 'two protagonists', 'Cultural Link', 'traditional market', '260,000 team members', 'new positioning', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'rich culture', 'local culture', 'Mexican culture', 'Sofitel experience', 'two lives', 'special place', 'new campaign', 'Dali Benssalah', 'ideal location', 'flagship locations', 'colorful setting', 'multiple facets', 'historical details', 'contemporary touches', 'The Fall', 'The Crown', 'Sex Education', 'restless spirit', 'other hand', 'international fame', 'The Blaze', 'local traditions', 'wellness, sport', 'French zest', 'open mindsets', 'discreet (yet', 'essential) contributions', 'Nicolas Gronier', 'arts institutions', 'diverse genres', 'National Museum', 'committed luxury', 'local artists', 'Candle Ritual', '56,000 oil lamps', 'unique ceremony', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'Sofitel ambassador', 'Sofitel pillars', 'short film', 'film shoot', 'half-minute film', 'one wishes', 'one hand', 'music video', 'British-American actress', 'French-Algerian actor', 'same desire', 'The Encounter', 'accommodation properties', 'concierge services', 'Accor Solidarity', 'campaign video', 'many people', 'cultures', '5,300 properties', 'destinies', 'wings', 'April', 'past', 'parallel', 'roles', 'hunger', 'stimulating', 'performance', 'pleasure', 'joy', 'honor', 'front', 'cameras', 'freedom', 'exploration', 'adventure', 'laughter', 'friends', 'result', 'beauty', 'different', 'logo', 'ideas', 'concept', 'values', 'encounters', 'very', 'definition', 'DNA', 'invitation', 'others', 'self', 'times', 'partnerships', 'tribute', 'cinema', 'Anthropology', 'sustainable', 'way', 'communities', '120 hotels', 'Paris', '1860s', 'lights', 'candles', 'nightfall', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'industry', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'experiences', 'Planet', 'RiiSE']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,hospitalitynet.org
39580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8172460513229672,"Biophytis Announces Ratio Change Under its American Depositary Receipt (""ADR"") Program",Biophytis Announces Ratio Change Under its American Depositary Receipt (,"Biophytis Announces Ratio Change Under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) ProgramBiophytis SA (Nasdaq CM:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS)  (""Biophytis"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in thedevelopment oftherapeutics for age-related diseases  today annouces that it will change the ratio of its American Depositary Shares (the ""ADSs"") to Biophytis ordinary shares (the ""Shares"") from one ADS representing 100 Shares  to one ADS representing 4 000 Shares (the ""Ratio Change""). The effective date of the Ratio Change (the ""Effective Date"") is expected to be April 23  2024.Pursuant to the Ratio Change  as of the Effective Date  record holders who directly hold ADRs will be required to exchange their existing ADRs for new ADRs on the basis of one new ADR for every 40 existing ADRs surrendered. The Depositary will contact ADR holders and arrange for the exchange of their existing ADRs for new ADRs. ADS beneficial holders who hold through an ADR holder intermediary need not take any action in connection with the Ratio Change. For ADS holders  the Ratio Change will have the same effect as a one-for-forty reverse ADS split. The ADSs will continue to be traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ""BPTS"".No new Shares will be issued in connection with the Ratio Change and this Ratio Change does not change the total number of Biophytis ordinary shares.As a result of the Ratio Change  the trading price of the Company's ADSs is expected to automatically increase proportionally  but the Company can give no assurance that the ADS trading price following the Ratio Change will be at least equal to the ADS trading price before the Ratio Change multiplied by the new 40:1 ratio.About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of drug candidates for age-related diseases. BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone)  our lead drug candidate  is a small molecule in development for muscular (sarcopenia  phase 3 ready and Duchenne muscular dystrophy)  respiratory (Covid-19 phase 2-3 completed) and metabolic diseases (obesity  phase 2 to be started). The company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The Company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and the ADSs (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040). For more information  visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook """"believes """"expects """"potential """"continues """"may """"will """"should """"could """"seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of thesewords or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable.However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward- looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risk and uncertainties the Company is to face» section from the Company's 2023 FinancialReport available on BIOPHYTIS website (www.biophytis.com) and as exposed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms filed with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis contactsInvestor relationsNicolas Fellmann  CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMediaAntoine Denry:antoine.denry@taddeo.fr - +33 6 18 07 83 27SOURCE: BiophytisNizar Berrada: nizar.berrada@taddeo.fr - +33 6 38 31 90 50View the original press release on accesswire.com",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['American Depositary Receipt', 'Ratio Change', 'ADR"") Program', 'Biophytis', 'forty reverse ADS split', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'ADR holder intermediary', 'lead drug candidate', 'ADS trading price', 'Duchenne muscular dystrophy', 'ADS beneficial holders', 'American Depositary Shares', 'original press release', 'other comparable words', 'Risk Factors"" section', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'one new ADR', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Biophytis ordinary shares', 'one ADS', 'Nasdaq CM', 'The Depositary', 'ADS holders', 'ADR holders', 'ADR”) Program', 'drug candidates', 'important factors', 'other forms', 'new Shares', 'record holders', 'new 40:1 ratio', 'age-related diseases', 'effective date', 'new ADRs', 'same effect', 'total number', 'BIO101 (20-hydroxyecdysone', 'small molecule', 'metabolic diseases', 'historical facts', 'negative version', 'actual outcomes', 'future developments', 'Investor relations', 'Nicolas Fellmann', 'Ratio Change', 'existing ADRs', 'new information', 'Biophytis SA', 'The ADSs', 'various risks', 'BIOPHYTIS website', 'Exchange Commission', 'Biophytis contacts', 'Nizar Berrada', 'Antoine Denry', 'Ticker BPTS', '100 Shares', '4,000 Shares', 'ALBPS', 'thedevelopment', 'oftherapeutics', 'April', 'basis', 'action', 'connection', 'symbol', 'result', 'assurance', 'sarcopenia', 'respiratory', 'Covid-19', 'obesity', 'phase', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'ISIN', 'Disclaimer', 'cases', 'outlook', 'believes', 'expects', 'seeks', 'trends', 'plans', 'estimates', 'anticipates', 'thesewords', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', '2023 FinancialReport', 'Securities', 'USA', 'obligation', 'law', 'CFO', 'Investors', 'taddeo', 'SOURCE', 'accesswire']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,investorsobserver.com
39581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2866271/0/en/Appointment-of-Jean-Baptiste-Choimet-to-the-position-of-Chief-Executive-Officer-of-GTT-as-part-of-the-implementation-of-its-new-governance.html,Appointment of Jean-Baptiste Choimet to the position of Chief Executive Officer of GTT  as part of the implementation of its new governance,Appointment of Jean-Baptiste Choimet to the position of Chief Executive Officer of GTT  as part of the implementation of its new governance    Paris ...,"Appointment of Jean-Baptiste Choimet to the position of Chief Executive Officer of GTT  as part of the implementation of its new governanceParis  19 April 2024 — The GTT Group announces the appointment of Jean-Baptiste Choimet to the position of Chief Executive Officer of GTT as of June 12  2024. Jean-Baptiste Choimet is currently a member of GTT’s Executive committee and Managing Director of Elogen  a subsidiary of the Group specializing in design and manufacturing of electrolysers to produce green hydrogen.The decision taken today  unanimously  by the Board of Directors of GTT is the culmination of a rigorous selection process  led by the Appointments and Remuneration Committee  chaired by Catherine Ronge.Furthermore  so that GTT can continue to benefit from the experience and commitment of Philippe Berterottière to the success of the Group  the Board of Directors will renew the latter in his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors for the remaining period of his term of office as director.These decisions are part of the separation of the functions of Chairman and CEO  decided by the GTT Board of Directors on February 17  2022.The new governance of the GTT group will take effect on June 12  2024.Catherine Ronge  Chair of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee and Independent Director  declared: “As part of a demanding process initiated several months ago  our Committee reviewed several high-quality applications. The managerial and professional skills  particularly in the key areas of LNG and hydrogen  the personal qualities and achievements of Jean-Baptiste Choimet in the General Management of Elogen were assessed by the Board as particularly in line with GTT's requirements and the group's development strategy. Jean-Baptiste Choimet's sustained involvement with the Group and its teams will constitute an essential asset to ensure a seamless transition  within the framework of the new governance of the GTT group. »Philippe Berterottière  Chairman and CEO of GTT  commented: “I am proud of the ambitious development strategy pursued by the GTT group  both in its core business  in its adjacent businesses and in its new markets. Faithful to its purpose  GTT has been able to initiate an in-depth transformation to support its clients in facing their future challenges and contribute to building  with them  a sustainable world. I am delighted with the appointment of Jean-Baptiste Choimet to accelerate GTT’s progress in this direction. Since 2020  Jean-Baptiste Choimet has demonstrated his determination  his visionary capacity and his unfailing energy to make Elogen a leading technological player in the green hydrogen value chain. Together  we share the same passion for technology and innovation  as well as a strong attachment to the GTT group  which I will be proud to continue to serve  alongside him  in my role as President. »Jean-Baptiste Choimet  Managing Director of Elogen and future CEO of GTT  declared: “I thank the Board of Directors of GTT for the trust it places in me and take full responsibility for their decision to entrust me in this new role. I look forward to working with all the teams of the GTT group and to being supported in this great mission by Philippe Berterottière  with whom I have worked in trust for more than three years. I approach this new role with enthusiasm  at the head of a group which is today a leading global technological player in the maritime and energy world. I will be keen to mobilize the teams to continue and accelerate the evolution of the GTT group towards the technologies the world will need in the coming decades.""Biography of Jean-Baptiste ChoimetJean-Baptiste Choimet joined the GTT group in 2020 and became Managing Director of Elogen  a subsidiary of the Group specializing in design and manufacturing of electrolysers to produce green hydrogen  in November of the same year  he began his career at EDF  where he contributed to the development of the Dunkirk LNG terminal project  before joining the Société Générale group to create the LNG trading desk. In 2012  he joined Technip  where he held commercial functions and worked on major LNG projects in Australia and Russia. In 2019  he joined the Bouygues Construction group  where he oversaw operations for the deployment of telecoms networks. Aged 42  Jean-Baptiste Choimet is a graduate of the Ecole Polytechnique and the University of Cambridge (Advanced Chemical Engineering Practice).***About GTTGTT is a technology and engineering group with expertise in the design and development of cryogenic membrane containment systems for use in the transport and storage of liquefied gases. Over the past 60 years  the GTT Group has designed and developed  to the highest standards of excellence  some of the most innovative technologies used in LNG carriers  floating terminals  onshore storage tanks and multi-gas carriers. As part of its commitment to building a sustainable world  GTT develops new solutions designed to support ship-owners and energy providers in their journey towards a decarbonised future. As such  the Group offers systems designed to enable commercial vessels to use LNG as fuel  develops cutting-edge digital solutions to enhance vessels’ economic and environmental performance  and actively pursues innovation in the field of zero-carbon solutions. Through its subsidiary  Elogen  which designs and manufactures proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolysers  GTT is also actively involved in the green hydrogen sector.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.Investor Relations Contact: information-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Press Contact: press@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 56 37For more information  visit www.gtt.fr .Attachments",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['Chief Executive Officer', 'Jean-Baptiste Choimet', 'new governance', 'Appointment', 'position', 'GTT', 'part', 'implementation', 'Société Générale group', 'cryogenic membrane containment systems', 'Advanced Chemical Engineering Practice', 'Dunkirk LNG terminal project', 'leading global technological player', 'green hydrogen value chain', 'leading technological player', 'Philippe Berterottière', 'several high-quality applications', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'LNG trading desk', 'major LNG projects', 'rigorous selection process', 'onshore storage tanks', 'Bouygues Construction group', 'ambitious development strategy', 'The GTT Group', 'engineering group', 'LNG carriers', 'demanding process', 'Executive committee', 'Jean-Baptiste Choimet', 'new governance', 'Catherine Ronge', 'remaining period', 'professional skills', 'key areas', 'personal qualities', 'General Management', 'sustained involvement', 'essential asset', 'seamless transition', 'core business', 'adjacent businesses', 'new markets', 'depth transformation', 'future challenges', 'visionary capacity', 'unfailing energy', 'same passion', 'strong attachment', 'full responsibility', 'great mission', 'three years', 'coming decades', 'same year', 'telecoms networks', 'Ecole Polytechnique', 'liquefied gases', 'past 60 years', 'highest standards', 'floating terminals', 'multi-gas carriers', 'new solutions', 'energy providers', 'decarbonised future', 'Managing Director', 'Independent Director', 'Remuneration Committee', 'sustainable world', 'energy world', 'new role', 'commercial functions', 'innovative technologies', 'future CEO', 'GTT Board', 'Appointment', 'position', 'part', 'implementation', 'Paris', '19 April', 'June', 'member', 'Elogen', 'subsidiary', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'electrolysers', 'decision', 'Directors', 'culmination', 'experience', 'commitment', 'success', 'Chairman', 'separation', 'February', 'effect', 'Nominations', 'managerial', 'achievements', 'line', 'requirements', 'teams', 'framework', 'purpose', 'clients', 'progress', 'direction', 'determination', 'technology', 'innovation', 'President', 'trust', 'enthusiasm', 'head', 'maritime', 'evolution', 'Biography', 'November', 'career', 'EDF', 'Technip', 'Australia', 'Russia', 'operations', 'deployment', 'graduate', 'University', 'Cambridge', 'expertise', 'use', 'transport', 'excellence', 'ship-owners', 'journey']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARBIOS-15262917/news/Carbios-files-its-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-46481025/,Carbios files its 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) Clermont-Ferrand  France  19 April 2024 . Carbios   a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastics and textiles  announces to its shareholders and the financial communi…,Clermont-Ferrand  France  19 April 2024 (18.30 CEST). Carbios (Euronext Growth Paris: ALCRB)  a pioneer in the development and industrialization of biological technologies to reinvent the life cycle of plastics and textiles  announces to its shareholders and the financial community that its 2023 Universal Registration Document including the annual report  the management report and the report on corporate governance was filed with the French Financial Market Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) on April 19  2024 under the number n° D.24-0305.Copies of the Universal Registration Document are available in French free of charge  pursuant to applicable law  and can be downloaded from the Company's website at www.carbios.com under the “Investors – Regulated information” section  as well as on www.amf-france.org.About CARBIOS:CARBIOS is a biotech company developing and industrializing biological solutions to reinvent the life cycle of plastic and textiles. Inspired by nature  CARBIOS develops enzyme-based processes to break down plastic with a mission to avoid plastic and textile pollution  and accelerate the transition to a circular economy. Its two disruptive technologies for the biorecycling of PET and the biodegradation of PLA are reaching industrial and commercial scale. Its biorecycling demonstration plant has been operational since 2021 and a first industrial plant  in partnership with Indorama Ventures  is due to be commissioned in 2025. CARBIOS has received scientific recognition  notably with the cover of Nature  and is supported by prestigious brands in the cosmetics  Food & Beverage and apparel industries to enhance their products’ recyclability and circularity. Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe are members of a packaging consortium founded by CARBIOS and L’Oréal. On  Patagonia  PUMA  PVH Corp. and Salomon collaborate with CARBIOS in a textile consortium.Visit www.CARBIOS.com/en to find out more about biotechnology powering plastic and textile circularity.Twitter: CARBIOS / LinkedIn: CARBIOS / Instagram: insideCARBIOSInformation on CARBIOS shares:ISIN Code FR0011648716Ticker Code Euronext Growth: ALCRBLEI: 969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08CARBIOS  founded in 2011 by Truffle Capital  is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.Disclaimer on forward-looking statements and risk factors:This press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by CARBIOS. CARBIOS operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. CARBIOS draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which CARBIOS operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if CARBIOS’ financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of CARBIOS’ future results or developments. Readers are advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in the Universal registration document filed with the French Market Authority (“AMF”)  as well as in the half-year financial report available free of charge on the Company’s website. Should all or any part of these risk factors materialize or others  in no case whatsoever will CARBIOS be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. CARBIOS makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.For additional information  please contact:CARBIOS Press Relations (France) Press Relations (U.S) Press Relations (DACH & UK) Melissa Flauraud Iconic Rooney Partners MC Services Press Relations Marie-Virginie Klein Kate L. Barrette Anne-Hennecke Melissa.flauraud@carbios.com mvk@iconic-conseil.com kbarrette@rooneyco.com carbios@mc-services.eu +33 (0)6 30 26 50 04 +33 (0)1 44 14 99 96 +1 212 223 0561 +49 (0)211 529 252 22Benjamin Audebert Investor Relations contact@carbios.com +33 (0)4 73 86 51 76This press release does not constitute and cannot be regarded as constituting an offer to the public  an offer to sell or a subscription offer or as a solicitation to solicit a buy or sell order in any country.Translation for information purposes only. In case of discrepancy between the French and the English version of this press release  the French version shall prevail.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Carbios', 'Melissa Flauraud Iconic Rooney Partners MC Services Press Relations Marie-Virginie Klein Kate L. Barrette Anne-Hennecke Melissa', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Benjamin Audebert Investor Relations', 'L’Oréal', 'French Financial Market Authority', 'CARBIOS Press Relations', 'French Market Authority', 'income tax rebates', 'two disruptive technologies', 'actual financial position', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'biorecycling demonstration plant', 'first industrial plant', 'half-year financial report', 'CARBIOS’ financial position', 'press release', 'U.S', 'CARBIOS’ future results', 'financial community', 'biological technologies', 'French residents', 'future performance', 'life cycle', 'annual report', 'management report', 'corporate governance', 'applicable law', 'biological solutions', 'enzyme-based processes', 'textile pollution', 'circular economy', 'commercial scale', 'Indorama Ventures', 'scientific recognition', 'prestigious brands', 'apparel industries', 'products’ recyclability', 'Nestlé Waters', 'packaging consortium', 'PVH Corp.', 'textile consortium', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker Code', 'Truffle Capital', 'government program', 'evolving environment', 'other factors', 'potential impact', 'forward-looking statement', 'cash flows', 'reliable indication', 'related damages', 'regulatory obligation', 'looking statements', 'risk factors', 'Regulated information', 'insideCARBIOS Information', 'forward-looking information', 'additional information', 'Suntory Beverage', 'Food Europe', 'textile circularity', 'france.org', 'biotech company', 'historical data', 'CARBIOS shares', 'Clermont-Ferrand', '19 April', 'CEST', 'ALCRB', 'pioneer', 'development', 'industrialization', 'plastics', 'textiles', 'shareholders', 'number', 'Copies', 'charge', 'website', 'Investors', 'section', 'nature', 'mission', 'transition', 'PET', 'biodegradation', 'partnership', 'cover', 'cosmetics', 'PepsiCo', 'members', 'Patagonia', 'PUMA', 'Salomon', 'biotechnology', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', '969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08', 'PEA-PME', 'SMEs', 'Disclaimer', 'guarantee', 'facts', 'assumptions', 'estimates', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'business', 'extent', 'materialization', 'combination', 'attention', 'way', 'sector', 'industry', 'Readers', 'AMF', 'others', 'case', 'decision', 'action', 'conjunction', 'date', 'commitment', 'accordance', 'legal', 'DACH', 'UK', 'iconic-conseil', 'kbarrette', 'rooneyco']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39583,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2866033/0/en/Bic-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-on-May-29-2024-Publication-of-Meeting-notice.html,Bic: Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 29  2024 - Publication of Meeting notice,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                          Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 29  2024Publication of Meeting notice  Clichy  France – April 19 ......,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEAnnual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 29  2024Publication of Meeting noticeClichy  France – April 19  2024 – The Shareholders of SOCIÉTÉ BIC are invited to participate to the Combined (extraordinary and ordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting that will take place on Wednesday  May 29  2024  at 9:00 a.m. Paris time at the Cloud Business Center - 10 bis  rue du 4 septembre  75002 Paris  France.The related meeting notice (avis de réunion valant avis de convocation) has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO1) on April 19  2024  and includes the agenda  the draft text of the resolutions and the terms of participation and voting at this Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Documents and information concerning the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be made available to shareholders as provided by applicable regulations and notably  on the BIC’s website at the following link: https://us.bic.com/en_us/investors-agm-shareholders.ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox  and more. In 2023  BIC Net Sales were €2 263 million. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It has received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.ContactsInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 1 45 19 55 28brice.paris@bicworld.com Isabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAGENDAAll dates are subject to change1st Quarter 2024 Results April 23  2024 (post market close) 2024 Annual General Meeting May 29  2024 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2024 Results July 31  2024 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2024 Results October 23  2024 (post market close)1 BALO: bulletins of French legal announcementsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Meeting notice', 'Bic', 'May', 'Publication', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'French legal announcements Attachment', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'Cloud Business Center', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Investor Relations team', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'Press Relations contact', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'related meeting notice', '1st Half 2024 Results', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'ordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', '1st Quarter 2024 Results', 'BIC products', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Combined (extraordinary', 'réunion', 'draft text', 'applicable regulations', 'following link', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Lucky Stationary', 'sustainable development', 'post market', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'Brice Paris', 'May', 'Publication', 'Clichy', 'France', 'April', 'The', 'place', 'Wednesday', '9:00 a', '10 bis', 'rue', '4 septembre', 'avis', 'convocation', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'terms', 'participation', 'voting', 'Documents', 'information', 'website', 'investors', 'agm-shareholders', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'Contacts', 'bicworld', 'Image', 'isegonzac', 'dates', 'change', '9 Months']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CASINO-GUICHARD-PERRACHON-4627/news/FRH-requests-60-day-extension-of-Article-5-72-1-of-Dutch-Financial-Supervision-Act-46481012/,FRH requests 60-day extension of Article 5:72(1) of Dutch Financial Supervision Act,(marketscreener.com) FRH requests 60-day extension of Article 5:72of Dutch Financial Supervision Act Paris  19 April 2024 Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. hereby informs as follows: On behalf of France Retail Holdings S.à.r.l.   it is hereby announced that FRH …,FRH requests 60-day extension of Article 5:72(1)of Dutch Financial Supervision ActParis  19 April 2024Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. (Euronext Paris: CO; ISIN: FR0000125585) hereby informs as follows: On behalf of France Retail Holdings S.à.r.l. (an entity ultimately controlled by Mr. Daniel Křetínský) (“FRH”)  it is hereby announced that FRH has today submitted a petition to the Enterprise Chamber of the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  pursuant to Article 5:72(2) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht)  requesting a sixty-day extension of the thirty-day period provided in Article 5:72(1) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act in relation to FRH's acquisition of predominant control over Cnova N.V. resulting from the completion of Casino Group's financial restructuring announced on 28 March 2024. Reference is also made to the press release of 2 April 2024  published by Cnova N.V. in this respect.***This communication is for informational purposes only under the current applicable laws and regulations  and is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein  nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS CONTACTSChristopher WELTON - cwelton.exterieur@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 64 17orIR_Casino@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 24 17PRESS CONTACTSGroupe Casino CommunicationsChristophe PIEDNOEL - cpiednoel@groupe-casino.fr – Tel: +33 (0)6 15 19 17 55Stéphanie ABADIE- sabadie@groupe-casino.fr – Tel: +33 (0)6 26 27 37 05ordirectiondelacommunication@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: + 33(0)1 53 65 24 78Agence IMAGE 7Karine Allouis - kallouis@image7.fr - Tel: +33 (0)6 11 59 23 26Laurent Poinsot - lpoinsot@image7.fr - Tel: + 33(0)6 80 11 73 52Franck Pasquier - fpasquier@image7.fr - Tel: + 33(0)6 73 62 57 99Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.02,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['Dutch Financial Supervision Act', '60-day extension', 'FRH', 'Article', '72', 'France Retail Holdings S.à.r.l.', 'Mr. Daniel Křetínský', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Cnova N.V.', 'Groupe Casino Communications', 'Stéphanie ABADIE', 'current applicable laws', 'financial restructuring', 'Casino Group', '60-day extension', 'Enterprise Chamber', 'financieel toezicht', 'sixty-day extension', 'thirty-day period', 'predominant control', 'press release', 'informational purposes', 'INVESTORS CONTACTS', 'Christopher WELTON', 'PRESS CONTACTS', 'Christophe PIEDNOEL', 'Karine Allouis', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Franck Pasquier', 'securities laws', 'Euronext Paris', 'Agence IMAGE 7', 'FRH', 'Article', '19 April', 'ISIN', 'behalf', 'entity', 'petition', 'Court', 'Appeal', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'relation', 'acquisition', 'completion', '28 March', 'Reference', '2 April', 'respect', 'regulations', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'qualification', 'ANALYSTS', 'cwelton', 'groupe-casino', 'Tel', 'IR_Casino', 'cpiednoel', 'sabadie', 'directiondelacommunication', 'kallouis', 'lpoinsot', 'fpasquier', 'Attachment', '72', '33']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EBUSCO-HOLDING-N-V-128408817/news/Ebusco-N-15-Ebusco-3-0-18-metre-buses-for-Rouen-46474642/,Ebusco N : 15 Ebusco 3.0 18-metre buses for Rouen,(marketscreener.com)  Ebusco receives an order via the UGAP public purchasing centre  bringing the total number of Ebusco buses to be on the roads of Rouen to over 100   Deurne  19 April 2024 - Ebusco   a pioneer and leader in the development of electric …,"Deurne  19 April 2024 - Ebusco (Euronext: EBUS)  a pioneer and leader in the development of electric buses  charging systems and energy storage  has received a new order via the public purchasing centre UGAP  on behalf of the authority Métropole Rouen Normandie. This order consists of 15 Ebusco 3.0 18-metre buses which will be deployed in the Rouen Metropolitan area in 2025.These 15 new Ebusco 3.0 18-metre buses will be fitted with 4 double doors and a battery pack of over 500 kWh to navigate the steep roads and accommodate the anticipated large number of passengers on their designated routes in the Rouen Metropolitan area.More than 100 Ebusco 3.0 buses for the Rouen Metropolitan areaThe 15 Ebusco 3.0 18-metre buses will accompany the four Ebusco 2.2 buses that are already in operation  and the additional 85 Ebusco 3.0 buses that are due to be delivered. This new order will see the deployment of 100 Ebusco 3.0 buses  including both 12- and 18-metre variants  in and around Rouen Metropolitan area. These 15 buses will be delivered from the site in Cléon  which is one of the Ebusco 3.0 manufacturing sites of Ebusco.Sustainable buses and advanced safety systemsMétropole Rouen Normandie has opted for the Ebusco 3.0 model to serve the TEOR rapid transit lines. Thanks to its lightweight design and low energy consumption  these buses can cover the entire route on a single charge and return to the depot for an overnight recharge using the charging systems provided by Ebusco. An integrated optical guidance system will assist the driver when approaching platforms and the buses will be equipped with a Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS)  which improves vehicle traction (acceleration  braking  steering) and driver and passenger safety.Jean-Francois Chiron  Managing Director Ebusco France Sales comments: ""We are really delighted to continue our partnership with Metropole Rouen Normandie in their strategy of decarbonisation of their urban transport andit is great to see that the second order is placed through the UGAP purchasing group. With our production facility in Cléon  we can provide innovative  zero-emission buses with local content.""",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['15 Ebusco 3.0 18-metre buses', 'Ebusco N', 'Rouen', 'Managing Director Ebusco France Sales', 'TEOR rapid transit lines', 'integrated optical guidance system', 'Métropole Rouen Normandie', 'Advanced Driver Assistance System', '15 new Ebusco 3.0 18-metre buses', 'Metropole Rouen Normandie', 'Rouen Metropolitan area', 'public purchasing centre', 'Ebusco 3.0 manufacturing sites', 'low energy consumption', 'advanced safety systems', 'innovative, zero-emission buses', 'UGAP purchasing group', '15 Ebusco 3.0 18-metre buses', 'four Ebusco 2.2 buses', 'additional 85 Ebusco 3.0 buses', '18-metre variants', '100 Ebusco 3.0 buses', 'Ebusco 3.0 model', 'energy storage', 'passenger safety', 'new order', 'charging systems', 'electric buses', 'Sustainable buses', '4 double doors', 'battery pack', 'steep roads', 'large number', 'Cléon', 'lightweight design', 'entire route', 'single charge', 'overnight recharge', 'vehicle traction', 'Jean-Francois Chiron', 'urban transport', 'production facility', 'local content', 'second order', '15 buses', 'Deurne', 'Euronext', 'pioneer', 'leader', 'development', 'behalf', 'authority', '500 kWh', 'passengers', 'routes', 'More', 'operation', 'deployment', 'depot', 'platforms', 'ADAS', 'acceleration', 'braking', 'steering', 'partnership', 'strategy', 'decarbonisation', '19']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4617/news/Bic-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-on-May-29-2024-Publication-of-Meeting-notice-46477079/,Bic: Annual Shareholders' Meeting on May 29  2024 - Publication of Meeting notice,(marketscreener.com)   FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                         Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 29  2024Publication of Meeting notice Clichy  France – April 19  2024 – The Shareholders of SOCIÉTÉ BIC...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4…,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEAnnual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 29  2024Publication of Meeting noticeClichy  France – April 19  2024 – The Shareholders of SOCIÉTÉ BIC are invited to participate to the Combined (extraordinary and ordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting that will take place on Wednesday  May 29  2024  at 9:00 a.m. Paris time at the Cloud Business Center - 10 bis  rue du 4 septembre  75002 Paris  France.The related meeting notice (avis de réunion valant avis de convocation) has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO1) on April 19  2024  and includes the agenda  the draft text of the resolutions and the terms of participation and voting at this Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Documents and information concerning the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be made available to shareholders as provided by applicable regulations and notably  on the BIC’s website at the following link: https://us.bic.com/en_us/investors-agm-shareholders.ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox  and more. In 2023  BIC Net Sales were €2 263 million. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It has received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.ContactsInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 1 45 19 55 28brice.paris@bicworld.com Isabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAGENDAAll dates are subject to change1st Quarter 2024 Results April 23  2024 (post market close) 2024 Annual General Meeting May 29  2024 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2024 Results July 31  2024 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2024 Results October 23  2024 (post market close)1 BALO: bulletins of French legal announcementsAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,True,English,"[""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Meeting notice', 'Bic', 'May', 'Publication', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'French legal announcements Attachment', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'Cloud Business Center', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Investor Relations team', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'Press Relations contact', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'related meeting notice', '1st Half 2024 Results', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'ordinary) Shareholders’ Meeting', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', '1st Quarter 2024 Results', 'BIC products', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Combined (extraordinary', 'réunion', 'draft text', 'applicable regulations', 'following link', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Lucky Stationary', 'sustainable development', 'post market', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'Brice Paris', 'May', 'Publication', 'Clichy', 'France', 'April', 'The', 'place', 'Wednesday', '9:00 a', '10 bis', 'rue', '4 septembre', 'avis', 'convocation', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'terms', 'participation', 'voting', 'Documents', 'information', 'website', 'investors', 'agm-shareholders', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'Contacts', 'bicworld', 'Image', 'isegonzac', 'dates', 'change', '9 Months']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39587,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEODECORTECH-S-P-A-37892957/news/Neodecortech-S-p-A-Approvals-following-the-shareholders-meeting-of-19-April-2024-46480830/,Neodecortech S p A : Approvals following the shareholders' meeting of 19 April 2024,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF NEODECORTECH S.P.A.    Approval of the financial statements of Neodecortech S.p.A. at 31 December 2023  and review of the consolidated financial statements of the Neodecortech G…,"PRESS RELEASEORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF NEODECORTECH S.P.A.Approval of the financial statements of Neodecortech S.p.A. (""Neodecortech"" or the ""Company"") at 31 December 2023  and review of the consolidated financial statements of the Neodecortech Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 ;Approval of the authorization to purchase and dispose of treasury shares  upon revocation of the authorization to purchase treasury shares granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of 27 April 2023 ;Approval of the Remuneration Policy for 2024 and favourable advisory vote on the Report on Compensation Paid in 2023 .Filago  19 April 2024Neodecortech S.p.A. (""NDT"" or the ""Company"")  one of Europe's top players in the production of decorative papers for laminated panels and flooring used in interior design  listed on Euronext Milan  market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. - Euronext STAR Milan segment - announces that the Shareholders' Meeting of the Company met today in single call  chaired by Luca Peli  and resolved as follows.Financial statements at 31 December 2023 and allocation of profit for the yearThe Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting reviewed and approved the financial statements of Neodecortech at 31 December 2023  which show a net profit of € 2 848 012.95  allocated entirely to reserves.The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting also took note of the consolidated financial statements of the Neodecortech Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the non-financial statement pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 254 of 30 December 2016  prepared by the Company on a voluntary basis.For further information  reference is made to (i) the press release dated 14 March 2024  and (ii) the explanatory reports on the 1st (first)  2nd (second)  3rd (third) and 4th (fourth) items on the agenda of the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Neodecortech of 19 April 2024  available on the Company website at www.neodecortech.it (Investor/Corporate Governance/Documenti e assemblee/Assemblee section)  as well as on the authorized storage mechanism ""1Info"" at www.1info.it.Purchase and disposal of treasury sharesThe Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting approved the authorization for (i) the purchase  upon revocation of the authorization to purchase treasury shares granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of 27 April 2023  also in several tranches and for a period of eighteen months  of ordinary shares of the Company  with no par value  up to a maximum amount  taking into account the ordinary shares held from time to time in the portfolio by the Company and its subsidiaries  no higher than a total of 10% of Neodecortech's share capital  therefore in compliance with legal limits; and for (ii) the disposal  with no time limits  of treasury shares purchased and/or any shares held in the Company's portfolio.For further information  reference is made to the explanatory report on the 5th (fifth) item on the agenda of the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Neodecortech of 19 April 2024  available on the Company website at www.neodecortech.it (Investor/Corporate Governance/Documenti e assemblee/Assemblee section)  as well as on the authorized storage mechanism ""1Info"" at www.1info.it.Neodecortech S.p.A. - Via Provinciale 2  24040 Filago (BG) ItalyTel. +39 035996111 - Fax +39 035995225 - www.neodecortech.itCapitale Sociale Euro 18 804 209.37 i.v.C.F. e R.I. 00725270151 - P. IVA IT 02833670165 - R.E.A. 193331",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,positive,0.69,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['Neodecortech S', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Approvals', '19 April 2024', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'NEODECORTECH S.P.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', ""The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'R.E.A.', 'favourable advisory vote', 'authorized storage mechanism', '5th (fifth) item', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euronext Milan', 'P. IVA', 'ordinary shares', 'R.I.', 'Neodecortech Group', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Remuneration Policy', 'top players', 'decorative papers', 'laminated panels', 'interior design', 'single call', 'Luca Peli', 'non-financial statement', 'Legislative Decree', 'voluntary basis', 'explanatory reports', '1st (first', 'Investor/Corporate Governance', 'assemblee/Assemblee section', 'several tranches', 'eighteen months', 'par value', 'maximum amount', 'share capital', 'legal limits', 'Via Provinciale', 'Capitale Sociale', 'C.F.', 'neodecortech.it', 'treasury shares', 'info.it', 'net profit', 'time limits', 'Company website', 'www.1info', 'Approval', '31 December', 'review', 'year', 'authorization', 'revocation', '27 April', 'Compensation', 'Filago', '19 April', 'NDT', 'Europe', 'production', 'flooring', 'market', 'allocation', 'reserves', 'note', '30 December', 'information', 'reference', '14 March', '2nd', '3rd', 'third', '4th', 'fourth', 'items', 'agenda', 'Documenti', 'Purchase', 'disposal', 'period', 'account', 'portfolio', 'subsidiaries', 'total', 'compliance', 'BG', 'Italy', 'Tel.', 'Fax', '2024', '2023']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39588,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/weekly-report-april-1218-2024-on-the-first-tranche-of-stellantis-2024-share-buyback-program-93CH-3387118,Weekly Report (April 12-18  2024) on the First Tranche of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program By Investing.com,Weekly Report (April 12-18  2024) on the First Tranche  of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program,Weekly Report (April 12-18  2024) on the First Tranche of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  April 19  2024 - Stellantis N.V. (NYSE: ) (Stellantis or the Company) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the 2024 Share Buyback Program announced on February 28  2024  covering up to €1 billion to be executed in the open market during the period between February 28  2024 and June 5  2024  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between April 12 up to and including April 18  2024:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 12-apr-24 691 522 €24.7977 €17 148 147 83 MI 12-apr-24 32 438 €24.2485 €786 572 50 XPAR 12-apr-24 77 271 €24.2478 €1 873 653 73 CEUX 12-apr-24 32 111 €24.2494 €778 672 32 TQEX 16-apr-24 362 443 €24.2530 €8 790 317 32 MI Total 1 195 785 €24.5674 €29 377 363 70Since February 28  2024 up to and including April 18  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 22 299 226 common shares for a total consideration of € 563 763 890.20.As of April 18  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 164 389 523 common shares equal to 4.08% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis' corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It's best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  CitroÃ«n  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot (OTC: )  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis For more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as may  will  expect  could  should  intend  estimate  anticipate  believe  remain  on track  design  target  objective  goal  forecast  projection  outlook  prospects  plan  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis' current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis' ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis' ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis' ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis' ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis' vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis' vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis' ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis' defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis' ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis' ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis' ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis' relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis' ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis' Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis' financial results  is included in Stellantis' reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.AttachmentPR 19 04 2024 -Stellantis- First Tranche share Buyback Program Weekly-ReportSource: STELLANTIS N.V,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.41,0.45,True,English,"['Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'April', 'Investing', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'internal combustion engines', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'other market risks', 'electronic control systems', 'special voting shares', 'bold strategic plan', 'other anticipated aspects', 'innovative, attractive products', ""Stellantis' corporate website"", 'global financial markets', 'following common shares', 'interest rate changes', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'information technology systems', 'open market', 'share capital', 'CitroÃ«n', 'innovative brands', 'inherent risks', 'required volumes', 'local economic', '22,299,226 common shares', '4,389,523 common shares', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'future financial', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'remaining emissions', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'current state', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'industry-wide transition', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'electric batteries', 'competitive performance', 'new businesses', 'significant malfunction', 'security breach', 'credit risk', 'raw materials', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'total consideration', 'ambitious target', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'full electrification', 'regional tariffs', ""Stellantis' vehicles"", 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'MI Total', 'April', 'AMSTERDAM', 'NYSE', 'February', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'XPAR', 'CEUX', 'TQEX', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'OTC', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communications', 'operations', 'benefits', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'goal', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enhanced', 'connectivity', 'cost', 'acquisitions', 'disruption', 'increases', 'supply', 'shortages', 'parts', 'components', 'imposition']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,investing.com
39589,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Weekly-Report-April-12-18-2024-on-the-First-Tranche-of-Stellantis-2024-Share-Buyback-Program-46481055/,Weekly Report (April 12-18  2024) on the First Tranche of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Weekly Report on the First Tranche of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  April 19  2024 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the 2024 Share Buyback Program announced on February 28  2024  c…,Weekly Report (April 12-18  2024) on the First Tranche of Stellantis 2024 Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  April 19  2024 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the 2024 Share Buyback Program announced on February 28  2024  covering up to €1 billion to be executed in the open market during the period between February 28  2024 and June 5  2024  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between April 12 up to and including April 18  2024:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 12-apr-24 691 522 €24.7977 €17 148 147 83 MI 12-apr-24 32 438 €24.2485 €786 572 50 XPAR 12-apr-24 77 271 €24.2478 €1 873 653 73 CEUX 12-apr-24 32 111 €24.2494 €778 672 32 TQEX 16-apr-24 362 443 €24.2530 €8 790 317 32 MI Total 1 195 785 €24.5674 €29 377 363 70Since February 28  2024 up to and including April 18  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 22 299 226 common shares for a total consideration of € 563 763 890.20.As of April 18  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 164 389 523 common shares equal to 4.08% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis’ ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis’ ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis’ ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis’ ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis’ ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis’ ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis’ ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis’ relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis’ ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.34,0.39,True,English,"['2024 Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'April', 'Stellantis', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'internal combustion engines', 'exchange rate fluctuations', '2024 Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'other market risks', 'electronic control systems', 'special voting shares', 'bold strategic plan', 'innovative, attractive products', 'other anticipated aspects', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'global financial markets', 'following common shares', 'interest rate changes', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'information technology systems', 'open market', 'Citroën', 'share capital', 'innovative brands', 'inherent risks', 'required volumes', 'local economic', '22,299,226 common shares', '4,389,523 common shares', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'future financial', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'remaining emissions', 'business strategies', 'current state', 'undue reliance', 'industry-wide transition', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'electric batteries', 'competitive performance', 'new businesses', 'significant malfunction', 'security breach', 'credit risk', 'raw materials', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'operating results', 'Actual results', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'ambitious target', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'full electrification', 'regional tariffs', 'total consideration', 'Stellantis’ vehicles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'April', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'XPAR', 'CEUX', 'TQEX', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enhanced', 'connectivity', 'cost', 'acquisitions', 'disruption', 'increases', 'supply', 'shortages', 'parts', 'components', 'imposition']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/04/19/segros-sgro-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-jefferies-financial-group/,SEGRO’s (SGRO) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Financial Group,Jefferies Financial Group reissued their buy rating on shares of SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Free Report) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday  MarketBeat Ratings reports. They currently have a GBX 1 042 ($12.97) price target on the real estate investment…,Jefferies Financial Group reissued their buy rating on shares of SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Free Report) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday  MarketBeat Ratings reports. They currently have a GBX 1 042 ($12.97) price target on the real estate investment trust’s stock.A number of other analysts have also weighed in on SGRO. HSBC raised SEGRO to a buy rating and set a GBX 964 ($12.00) price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday  March 21st. Berenberg Bank upped their price objective on SEGRO from GBX 863 ($10.74) to GBX 940 ($11.70) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Thursday  February 22nd. Shore Capital reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of SEGRO in a research report on Thursday  April 11th. Barclays raised SEGRO to an overweight rating in a research report on Wednesday  April 3rd. Finally  JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating on shares of SEGRO in a research report on Wednesday  April 10th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat  SEGRO presently has a consensus rating of Moderate Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 982 ($12.22).Get SEGRO alerts:Check Out Our Latest Report on SGROSEGRO Stock Down 0.1 %SEGRO Increases DividendShares of LON SGRO opened at GBX 839.20 ($10.45) on Thursday. The firm has a market cap of £11.25 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of -4 001.90  a PEG ratio of 2.12 and a beta of 0.73. The company has a quick ratio of 0.62  a current ratio of 0.88 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 50.61. SEGRO has a 52-week low of GBX 675 ($8.40) and a 52-week high of GBX 913 ($11.37). The business’s 50 day moving average is GBX 865.33 and its two-hundred day moving average is GBX 829.73.The company also recently announced a dividend  which will be paid on Friday  May 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday  March 14th will be paid a dividend of GBX 19.10 ($0.24) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday  March 14th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.29%. This is an increase from SEGRO’s previous dividend of $8.70. SEGRO’s payout ratio is presently -13 333.33%.Insider Buying and SellingIn related news  insider Carol Fairweather acquired 8 000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday  March 7th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 878 ($10.93) per share  for a total transaction of £70 240 ($87 439.31). Insiders own 0.26% of the company’s stock.SEGRO Company Profile(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.4 million square metres of space (112 million square feet) valued at £20.7 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Jefferies Financial Group', 'Buy Rating', 'SEGRO', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '50 day moving average', 'Jefferies Financial Group', '10.4 million square metres', 'concise daily summary', 'insider Carol Fairweather', 'One research analyst', 'consensus target price', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Get Free Report', 'MarketBeat Ratings reports', 'SEGRO Company Profile', 'average price', 'email address', 'consensus rating', 'Insider Buying', 'SEGRO Daily', 'research report', 'price objective', 'research note', 'Latest Report', 'buy rating', 'other analysts', 'Berenberg Bank', 'hold rating', 'Shore Capital', 'overweight rating', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Moderate Buy', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'Featured Stories', ""analysts' ratings"", 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'related news', 'latest news', 'total transaction', 'SEGRO alerts', 'SEGRO Increases', 'dividend yield', 'previous dividend', 'March 14th', 'LON SGRO', 'SEGRO Stock', 'shares', 'investors', 'Thursday', 'GBX 1,042 ($', 'number', 'HSBC', 'GBX 964 ($', 'February', 'April', 'Barclays', 'Wednesday', 'Co.', 'data', 'firm', 'beta', 'debt', 'business', 'Friday', 'May', 'record', 'Selling', 'Insiders', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,etfdailynews.com
39591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46474554/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8879 £ 24.9691 Estimated MTD return 1.22 % 1.30 % Estimated YTD return 1.23 % 1.62 % Estimated ITD return 178.88 % 149.69 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.77 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.89 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.1735 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.9201The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46474556/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Apr 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8879 £ 24.9691 Estimated MTD return 1.22 % 1.30 % Estimated YTD return 1.23 % 1.62 % Estimated ITD return 178.88 % 149.69 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.77 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.89 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.1735 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.9201The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOOSTHEAT-67010417/news/Boostheat-BOOSTHEAT-REVOLUTIONIZES-COGENERATION-WITH-ITS-NEW-HYBRID-COMPRESSOR-46474796/,Boostheat :  BOOSTHEAT REVOLUTIONIZES COGENERATION WITH ITS NEW HYBRID COMPRESSOR,(marketscreener.com)  Vénissieux  19 April 2024BOOSTHEAT   a French industrial and software player in the field of energy efficiency  announces promising results from the latest tests on its new hybrid compressor  marking a significant breakthrough in the …,"Vénissieux  19 April 2024BOOSTHEAT (FR001400IAM7 / ALBOO)  a French industrial and software player in the field of energy efficiency  announces promising results from the latest tests on its new hybrid compressor  marking a significant breakthrough in the field of cogeneration.These test results in Stirling mode confirm the advanced potential of this new technology developed by the Company and will enable us to enter into new discussions with manufacturers in the anaerobic digestion sector who are waiting for efficient solutions for the production of electricity from biogas  a low-carbon solution.I VALIDATION OF THE HYBRID COMPRESSOR FOR POWER GENERATIONDuring its test campaign in March  the BOOSTHEAT R&D team tested the efficiency of its new hybrid compressor in generating mechanical work  which can be transformed into electricity  thanks to a thermal source. The tests convincingly demonstrated the efficiency of this innovative technology  marking a crucial step in its validation and disruptive potential for the anaerobic digestion industry.The tests proved the compressor's ability to generate electricity  offering promising prospects for future improvements on a dedicated product. The prototype succeeded in validating all the functionalities envisaged in a Stirling engine[1] operating mode  achieving the planned objectives. The Company believes that a dedicated product optimized for cogeneration in Stirling mode would offer the market a solution capable of matching the performance of today's best micro-cogenerators in terms of electrical efficiency  while offering considerable advantages over these systems thanks to its modularity.I FINAL PHASE OF THE HYBRID COMPRESSOR TEST PROGRAMOn the strength of these excellent results  BOOSTHEAT is embarking on the final test phase of its ambitious research and development program  which will consist of using biogas as a heat source. The aim is to demonstrate the efficiency of the compressor developed by BOOSTHEAT as a hybrid heat pump  capable of generating cold and heat with high efficiency.During these tests  the Company will also focus on the unique modularity of its compressor. This modulation capability offers unprecedented versatility  enabling not only heating and cooling via a heat pump effect  but also switching to electricity generation mode  making efficient use of biogas for versatile energy production.I TOWARDS UNPRECEDENTED FLEXIBILITY IN BIOGAS MANAGEMENTBOOSTHEAT aims to redefine industrial standards with its innovative technology  offering a more flexible use of biogas. At present  electricity generation from biogas relies mainly on cogeneration plants  which generate heat and electricity on a constant basis. The compressor developed by BOOSTHEAT not only provides heat and cooling via a heat pump mechanism  but also modulates electricity production. This unique feature promises to revolutionize the sector by offering more dynamic energy management  adapted to seasonal fluctuations in electricity and gas demand  thus overcoming the challenges posed to energy networks.As a reminder  this technology has already aroused the interest of major players specialized in biogas and biomethane production  attracted in particular by its modulation capacity. To date  the Company has announced that it has received 2 letters of interest.The completion of ongoing trials should pave the way for discussions with a view to establishing strategic partnerships for the development or co-development of a new product incorporating BOOSTHEAT technology.Emilien Benhard  BOOSTHEAT's Director of Operations  comments: ""This major new development once again confirms BOOSTHEAT's expertise in implementing disruptive innovations aimed at meeting the challenges of carbon neutrality by 2050. Although ambitious  our series of trials is progressing according to plan  nearing completion and the expected results. At the same time  meetings are being organized with industrial leaders in the biogas sector to discuss our findings  marking a decisive step towards future structuring partnerships for the development of a new product. This will be based on our innovative technology  addressing the crucial challenges of the biogas and biomethane sector.""Haut du formulaire* * *Find out more about BOOSTHEAT atwww.boostheat-group.comABOUT BOOSTHEATFounded in 2011  BOOSTHEAT is a player in the energy efficiency sector. The company's mission is to accelerate the energy transition by integrating its technology into energy-intensive applications. BOOSTHEAT has designed and developed a thermal compressor protected by 7 families of patents  enabling significant optimization of energy consumption to move towards a reasonable and appropriate use of resources.BOOSTHEAT is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (ISIN: FR001400IAM7).I CONTACTSACTUS finance & communication – Jérôme FABREGUETTES LEIBInvestor RelationsTel.: +33 1 53 67 36 78 / boostheat@actus.frACTUS finance & communication – Serena BONIPress RelationsTel.: +33 4 72 18 04 92 / sboni@actus.frWarning:BOOSTHEAT has set up an NRS financing arrangement with Impact Tech Turnaround Opportunities (ITTO)  which  after receiving the shares resulting from the redemption or exercise of these instruments  will not remain a shareholder in the company.The shares resulting from the redemption or exercise of the above-mentioned securities will generally be sold on the market at very short notice  which may create strong downward pressure on the share price.Shareholders may suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant decrease in the company's share value  as well as significant dilution due to the large number of securities issued to Impact Tech Turnaround Opportunities (ITTO).Investors are urged to exercise extreme caution before deciding to invest in the securities of a listed company that carries out such dilutive financing operations  particularly when they are carried out in succession. The company wishes to point out that this is not the first dilutive financing transaction it has undertaken.[1] Developed by Robert Stirling  the Stirling gas engine is an external combustion reciprocating heat engine that operates in a closed cycle with regeneration. The basic principle of a Stirling engine is to successively heat and then cool a gas enclosed in a closed cylinder fitted with a piston.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mWduZpdoaGyZlZ1yksZtaGOUZ2hqyGaZbmqVk2Gak5yXbZ6Wx26Tm5jHZnFmlmpv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85159-alboo_cp_tests_stirling_veng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.66,0.3,0.04,True,English,"['NEW HYBRID COMPRESSOR', 'BOOSTHEAT REVOLUTIONIZES', 'COGENERATION', 'ITS', 'Jérôme FABREGUETTES LEIB', 'Serena BONI Press Relations', 'BOOSTHEAT R&D team', 'Stirling engine[1] operating mode', 'HYBRID COMPRESSOR TEST PROGRAM', 'anaerobic digestion industry', 'final test phase', 'I FINAL PHASE', 'anaerobic digestion sector', 'hybrid heat pump', 'heat pump effect', 'heat pump mechanism', 'future structuring partnerships', 'dynamic energy management', 'new hybrid compressor', 'versatile energy production', 'electricity generation mode', 'major new development', 'energy efficiency sector', 'Stirling mode', 'Investor Relations', 'test campaign', 'development program', 'test results', 'future improvements', 'major players', 'strategic partnerships', 'I CONTACTS', 'energy networks', 'new product', 'energy transition', 'energy consumption', 'POWER GENERATION', 'biomethane sector', 'new technology', 'Vénissieux', 'French industrial', 'significant breakthrough', 'advanced potential', 'efficient solutions', 'mechanical work', 'thermal source', 'crucial step', 'disruptive potential', 'promising prospects', 'dedicated product', 'best micro-cogenerators', 'considerable advantages', 'ambitious research', 'heat source', 'modulation capability', 'unprecedented versatility', 'efficient use', 'UNPRECEDENTED FLEXIBILITY', 'industrial standards', 'flexible use', 'constant basis', 'unique feature', 'seasonal fluctuations', 'gas demand', 'biomethane production', 'modulation capacity', 'Emilien Benhard', 'disruptive innovations', 'carbon neutrality', 'same time', 'industrial leaders', 'decisive step', 'energy-intensive applications', 'thermal compressor', 'significant optimization', 'appropriate use', 'Euronext Growth', 'fr Warning', 'new discussions', 'promising results', 'excellent results', 'BIOGAS MANAGEMENT', 'innovative technology', 'electrical efficiency', 'high efficiency', 'software player', 'low-carbon solution', 'unique modularity', 'electricity production', 'ongoing trials', 'ACTUS finance', 'biogas sector', 'cogeneration plants', 'crucial challenges', 'latest tests', 'BOOSTHEAT technology', 'The Company', '19 April', 'FR001400IAM7', 'ALBOO', 'field', 'manufacturers', 'VALIDATION', 'March', 'prototype', 'functionalities', 'objectives', 'market', 'performance', 'today', 'terms', 'systems', 'strength', 'aim', 'cold', 'heating', 'cooling', 'reminder', 'interest', 'date', '2 letters', 'completion', 'way', 'view', 'Director', 'Operations', 'expertise', 'series', 'meetings', 'findings', 'Haut', 'formulaire', 'group', 'ABOUT', 'mission', '7 families', 'patents', 'reasonable', 'resources', 'Paris', 'communication', 'Tel.', 'sboni', '2050']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NRC-GROUP-ASA-1413096/news/NRC-Online-Guide-English-46477960/,NRC : Online Guide - English,(marketscreener.com)   GUIDE FOR ONLINE PARTICIPATION NRC GROUP ASA 8 MAY 2024   NRC Group ASA will hold the annual general meeting on 8 May 2024 at 10:00 am CET as a digital meeting  where you get the opportunity to participate online with your PC  phon…,GUIDE FOR ONLINE PARTICIPATION NRC GROUP ASA 8 MAY 2024NRC Group ASA will hold the annual general meeting on 8 May 2024 at 10:00 am CET as a digital meeting  where you get the opportunity to participate online with your PC  phone or tablet. Below is a description of how to participate online.We also point out that you also can give a proxy before the meeting. See the notice for further details on how to authorize a proxy. If you give a proxy  you can still log on to the general meeting to follow and ask questions  but you will not have the opportunity to vote on the items.By participating online  shareholders will receive a live webcast from the general meeting  the opportunity to ask written questions  and vote on each of the items. Secure identification of shareholders is done by using the unique reference number and PIN code assigned to each shareholder by the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Euronext VPS) in relation to this General Meeting.No registration is required for shareholders who want to participate online  but shareholders must be logged in before the general meeting starts. Log ins after meeting has started will receive access  but with no voting rights.Shareholder who do not find their reference number and PIN code for access  or have other technical questions is welcome to call DNB Registrars Department on phone + 47 23 26 80 20 (between 08:00-15:30)HOW TO ACCESS THE ONLINE GENERAL MEETINGTo be able to participate online  you must go to the following website: https://dnb.lumiagm.comeither on your smartphone  tablet or PC. All major known browsers  such as Chrome  Safari  Edge  Firefox etc. are supported.enter Meeting ID: 100-629-454 and click Join:Alternatively put direct link in your browser https://dnb.lumiagm.com/100629454If you are a shareholder  choose Shareholder Ref.nr & PIN. You must then identify yourself with.Ref. number from VPS for the general meeting PIN code from VPS for general meetingOnce you have logged in  you will be taken to the information page for the general meeting. Here you will find information from the company  and how this works technically. Note that you must have internet access throughout the meeting. If you for some reason log off  just log in again following steps above.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Online Guide', 'NRC', 'English', 'ONLINE PARTICIPATION NRC GROUP ASA', 'Norwegian Central Securities Depository', 'general meeting PIN code', 'ONLINE GENERAL MEETING', 'other technical questions', 'unique reference number', 'DNB Registrars Department', 'annual general meeting', 'Shareholder Ref.nr', 'Ref. number', 'digital meeting', 'Meeting ID', 'live webcast', 'written questions', 'Secure identification', 'voting rights', 'following website', 'direct link', 'information page', 'Euronext VPS', 'internet access', 'GUIDE', 'MAY', '10:00 am', 'opportunity', 'PC', 'phone', 'tablet', 'description', 'proxy', 'notice', 'details', 'items', 'shareholders', 'relation', 'registration', 'ins', 'lumiagm', 'major', 'browsers', 'Chrome', 'Safari', 'Edge', 'Firefox', 'Join', 'company', 'reason', 'steps']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/technip-energies-selected-by-viridor-to-perform-feed-on-the-runcorn-energyfromwaste-carbon-capture-project-in-the-united-kingdom-93CH-3386198,Technip Energies Selected by Viridor to perform FEED on the Runcorn Energy-from-Waste Carbon Capture Project in the United Kingdom By Investing.com,Technip Energies Selected by Viridor to perform FEED on the Runcorn Energy-from-Waste Carbon Capture Project in the United Kingdom,Technip (EPA: ) Energies (PARIS:TE) has been awarded a Front-End Engineering Design (FEED) contract by Viridor for the Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) project at one of the United Kingdom's largest Energy-from-Waste facilities in Runcorn  United Kingdom.The project aims to capture around 900 000 tonnes of CO2 each year  half of which will be from biogenic sources  effectively removing 450 000 tonnes of CO2 annually from the atmosphere.As part of the FEED study  Technip Energies will deliver a comprehensive design utilising the Canopy by T.EN™ solution powered by Shell (LON: ) CANSOLV CO2 capture technology. The Canopy offering is part of Capture.Now™  Technip Energies' strategic Carbon Capture  Utilization and Storage (CCUS) platform of technologies and solutions.The Runcorn CCS project is in line to be one of the first facilities to receive funding under the UK Government's Track 1 funding for carbon capture projects  also making it one of the first carbon capture projects on an Energy-from-Waste facility in the world. It marks a significant milestone in the waste sector's contribution to carbon reduction efforts.The plant will play a crucial role in the regional decarbonisation strategy by providing a stable long-term baseload CO2 supply to the HyNet industrial carbon capture cluster in North West England.Christophe Malaurie  SVP Decarbonisation Solutions of Technip Energies  commented: With this award  Technip Energies confirms its growing leadership position as an integrated state-of-the-art CCUS solutions provider. Technip Energies' involvement in Viridor's Runcorn carbon capture project highlights our commitment to providing innovative solutions for the net-zero trajectory  leveraging our extensive experience in project design and execution along with Shell's proven and industry leading CANSOLV ® technology. By capturing 900 000 tonnes of CO2 each year  this first-of-a-kind project is a significant step in the waste sector towards reducing carbon emissions at scale. We are focused on delivering our carbon capture solution efficiently  contributing to the United Kingdom net-zero goal.James Eyton  Head of CCUS at Viridor  adds: We're delighted to have selected Technip Energies to perform the Front-End Engineering Design study for our game-changing Carbon Capture Project in Runcorn. Their selection follows a highly competitive tender process. It was essential for us to find a partner who shares in our vision for decarbonised waste treatment and has the experience and expertise to work alongside us to develop the world's largest carbon capture project for energy from waste. With deliverability of the project a crucial goal  the global well-proven Shell CANSOLV ® CO2 capture technology has the potential to deliver over 95% CO2 capture rates  which are needed to remove over 900 000 tonnes of CO2 annually at our Runcorn site. We're excited to work together to unlock the pathway to Net Zero  and beyond into negative emissions  for our business  the wider industry and the communities in which we operate.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO2 management. The Company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by an extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our clients' innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (ADR) program  with its ADRs trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comAbout ViridorViridor is a sector leading resource recovery and recycling business focused on energy recovery and plastics recycling and reprocessing. We operate the largest fleet of EfW (energy from waste) facilities in the UK and the largest multi-line polymers reprocessing plant in the UK. Through our fleet of 10 EfW facilities  three plastics recycling and reprocessing sites  and a network of transfer stations  we process over three million tonnes of waste and recycling a year  producing enough energy to power c. 500 000 British homes.Viridor's purpose is to build a world where nothing goes to waste.In May 2021  Viridor published an ambitious decarbonisation plan committing to reaching Net Zero by 2040 and to become the UK's first net negative emissions waste management company by 2045. And we are committed to being a fully circular plastics recycling and reprocessing business by 2025.For further information: www.viridor.co.ukContactsInvestor Relations Media RelationsPhillip Lindsay (NYSE: ) Jason HyonneVice-President Investor Relations Press Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +44 207 585 5051 Tel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Phillip Lindsay Email: Jason HyonneImportant Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies' (the Company) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company's future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words believe  expect  anticipate  plan  intend  foresee  should  would  could  may  estimate  outlook  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company's forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company's control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's historical experience and the Company's present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company's risk factors set forth in the Company's 2023 Annual Financial Report filed on March 8  2024  with the Dutch Autoriteit FinanciÃ«le Markten (AFM) and the French AutoritÃ© des MarchÃ©s Financiers (AMF) which include a discussion of factors that could affect the Company's future performance and the markets in which the Company operates.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.AttachmentsPR_T.EN FEED Viridor Runcorn CCS_ENViridor Runcorn CCSViridor Runcorn CCS ©photography@bigcheese.co.uk 2024Source: TECHNIP ENERGIES,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.64,0.32,0.05,True,English,"['Waste Carbon Capture Project', 'Technip Energies', 'United Kingdom', 'Viridor', 'FEED', 'Runcorn', 'Investing', 'Jason HyonneVice-President Investor Relations Press Relations', 'first net negative emissions waste management company', 'Investor Relations Media RelationsPhillip Lindsay', 'stable long-term baseload CO2 supply', 'HyNet industrial carbon capture cluster', 'largest multi-line polymers reprocessing plant', 'Shell CANSOLV ® CO2 capture technology', 'robust project delivery model', 'first carbon capture projects', 'game-changing Carbon Capture Project', 'largest carbon capture project', 'CANSOLV CO2 capture technology', 'sector leading resource recovery', 'The Runcorn CCS project', 'Front-End Engineering Design study', 'Runcorn carbon capture project', 'United Kingdom net-zero goal', 'Social Media ManagerTel', 'strategic Carbon Capture', 'carbon capture solution', 'carbon reduction efforts', '95% CO2 capture rates', 'T.EN™ solution', 'regional decarbonisation strategy', 'North West England', 'competitive tender process', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'ambitious decarbonisation plan', ""clients' innovative projects"", 'growing leadership position', 'growing market positions', 'decarbonised waste treatment', 'SVP Decarbonisation Solutions', 'three plastics recycling', 'circular plastics recycling', 'The Canopy offering', 'three million tonnes', 'CCUS solutions provider', ""Technip Energies' involvement"", 'Technip Energies shares', 'CO2 management', 'carbon emissions', 'CANSOLV ® technology', 'Technology company', 'The Company', 'first facilities', 'Net Zero', 'leading Engineering', 'project design', 'waste sector', 'FEED study', 'net-zero trajectory', 'crucial goal', 'leadership positions', 'extensive technology', 'kind project', 'largest Energy', 'comprehensive design', 'innovative solutions', 'largest fleet', 'industry leading', 'energy recovery', 'services offering', 'reprocessing sites', 'Waste facilities', 'Waste facility', 'waste) facilities', 'Runcorn site', 'reprocessing business', 'FEED) contract', 'biogenic sources', 'CCUS) platform', 'significant milestone', 'crucial role', 'Christophe Malaurie', 'integrated state', 'significant step', 'James Eyton', 'wider industry', 'sustainable chemistry', 'ADR) program', 'transfer stations', '500,000 British homes', 'recycling business', 'energy transition', 'enough energy', 'Track 1 funding', 'extensive experience', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', '10 EfW facilities', 'Important Information', 'UK Government', '900,000 tonnes', '450,000 tonnes', 'EPA', 'Viridor', 'Storage', 'atmosphere', 'part', 'Now™', 'Utilization', 'technologies', 'world', 'contribution', 'award', 'commitment', 'execution', 'scale', 'Head', 'selection', 'vision', 'expertise', 'deliverability', 'global', 'potential', 'pathway', 'communities', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'network', 'purpose', 'May', 'Contacts', 'NYSE', '89Email']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,investing.com
39596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2866032/0/en/Technip-Energies-Selected-by-Viridor-to-perform-FEED-on-the-Runcorn-Energy-from-Waste-Carbon-Capture-Project-in-the-United-Kingdom.html,Technip Energies Selected by Viridor to perform FEED on the Runcorn Energy-from-Waste Carbon Capture Project in the United Kingdom,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been awarded a Front-End Engineering Design (FEED) contract by Viridor for the Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) project at one of the United Kingdom’s largest Energy-from-Waste facilities in Runcorn  United Kingdom.,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been awarded a Front-End Engineering Design (FEED) contract by Viridor for the Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) project at one of the United Kingdom’s largest Energy-from-Waste facilities in Runcorn  United Kingdom.The project aims to capture around 900 000 tonnes of CO 2 each year  half of which will be from biogenic sources  effectively removing 450 000 tonnes of CO 2 annually from the atmosphere.As part of the FEED study  Technip Energies will deliver a comprehensive design utilising the Canopy by T.EN™ solution powered by Shell CANSOLV CO 2 capture technology. The Canopy offering is part of Capture.Now™  Technip Energies’ strategic Carbon Capture  Utilization and Storage (CCUS) platform of technologies and solutions.The Runcorn CCS project is in line to be one of the first facilities to receive funding under the UK Government’s Track 1 funding for carbon capture projects  also making it one of the first carbon capture projects on an Energy-from-Waste facility in the world. It marks a significant milestone in the waste sector's contribution to carbon reduction efforts.The plant will play a crucial role in the regional decarbonisation strategy by providing a stable long-term baseload CO 2 supply to the HyNet industrial carbon capture cluster in North West England.Christophe Malaurie  SVP Decarbonisation Solutions of Technip Energies  commented: “With this award  Technip Energies confirms its growing leadership position as an integrated state-of-the-art CCUS solutions provider. Technip Energies’ involvement in Viridor’s Runcorn carbon capture project highlights our commitment to providing innovative solutions for the net-zero trajectory  leveraging our extensive experience in project design and execution along with Shell’s proven and industry leading CANSOLV® technology. By capturing 900 000 tonnes of CO 2 each year  this first-of-a-kind project is a significant step in the waste sector towards reducing carbon emissions at scale. We are focused on delivering our carbon capture solution efficiently  contributing to the United Kingdom net-zero goal.”James Eyton  Head of CCUS at Viridor  adds: “We're delighted to have selected Technip Energies to perform the Front-End Engineering Design study for our game-changing Carbon Capture Project in Runcorn. Their selection follows a highly competitive tender process. It was essential for us to find a partner who shares in our vision for decarbonised waste treatment and has the experience and expertise to work alongside us to develop the world’s largest carbon capture project for energy from waste. With deliverability of the project a crucial goal  the global well-proven Shell CANSOLV® CO 2 capture technology has the potential to deliver over 95% CO 2 capture rates  which are needed to remove over 900 000 tonnes of CO 2 annually at our Runcorn site. We’re excited to work together to unlock the pathway to Net Zero  and beyond into negative emissions  for our business  the wider industry and the communities in which we operate.”About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The Company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by an extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our clients’ innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADR”) program  with its ADRs trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comAbout ViridorViridor is a sector leading resource recovery and recycling business focused on energy recovery and plastics recycling and reprocessing. We operate the largest fleet of EfW (energy from waste) facilities in the UK and the largest multi-line polymers reprocessing plant in the UK. Through our fleet of 10 EfW facilities  three plastics recycling and reprocessing sites  and a network of transfer stations  we process over three million tonnes of waste and recycling a year  producing enough energy to power c. 500 000 British homes.Viridor’s purpose is to build a world where nothing goes to waste.In May 2021  Viridor published an ambitious decarbonisation plan committing to reaching Net Zero by 2040 and to become the UK’s first net negative emissions waste management company by 2045. And we are committed to being a fully circular plastics recycling and reprocessing business by 2025.For further information: www.viridor.co.ukContactsInvestor Relations Media RelationsPhillip Lindsay Jason HyonneVice-President Investor Relations Press Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +44 207 585 5051 Tel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Phillip Lindsay Email: Jason HyonneImportant Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company’s future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2023 Annual Financial Report filed on March 8  2024  with the Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which include a discussion of factors that could affect the Company’s future performance and the markets in which the Company operates.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.28,0.04,True,English,"['Waste Carbon Capture Project', 'Technip Energies', 'Runcorn Energy', 'United Kingdom', 'Viridor', 'FEED', 'first net negative emissions waste management company', 'Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations', 'stable long-term baseload CO 2 supply', 'HyNet industrial carbon capture cluster', 'largest multi-line polymers reprocessing plant', 'Shell CANSOLV CO 2 capture technology', 'Shell CANSOLV® CO 2 capture technology', 'Investor Relations Media Relations', 'robust project delivery model', 'first carbon capture projects', 'game-changing Carbon Capture Project', 'largest carbon capture project', 'sector leading resource recovery', 'Front-End Engineering Design study', 'Runcorn carbon capture project', 'United Kingdom net-zero goal', 'The Runcorn CCS project', 'carbon capture solution', 'Social Media Manager', 'carbon reduction efforts', '95% CO 2 capture rates', 'T.EN™ solution', 'regional decarbonisation strategy', 'North West England', 'competitive tender process', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'ambitious decarbonisation plan', 'clients’ innovative projects', 'growing leadership position', 'growing market positions', 'decarbonised waste treatment', 'SVP Decarbonisation Solutions', 'three plastics recycling', 'circular plastics recycling', 'The Canopy offering', 'CANSOLV® technology', 'three million tonnes', 'CCUS solutions provider', 'Technip Energies shares', 'Technology company', 'CO 2 management', 'carbon emissions', 'The Company', 'first facilities', 'CCS) project', 'Net Zero', 'leading Engineering', 'project design', 'largest fleet', 'waste sector', 'net-zero trajectory', 'crucial goal', 'leadership positions', 'kind project', 'comprehensive design', 'innovative solutions', 'industry leading', 'FEED study', 'services offering', 'energy recovery', 'reprocessing sites', 'Waste facilities', 'Waste facility', 'waste) facilities', 'Runcorn site', 'reprocessing business', 'biogenic sources', 'CCUS) platform', 'significant milestone', 'crucial role', 'Christophe Malaurie', 'integrated state', 'significant step', 'James Eyton', 'wider industry', 'sustainable chemistry', 'transfer stations', '500,000 British homes', 'Phillip Lindsay', 'Jason Hyonne', 'Important Informatio', 'recycling business', 'Track 1 funding', 'extensive experience', 'energy transition', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', '10 EfW facilities', 'enough energy', 'UK Government', '900,000 tonnes', '450,000 tonnes', 'contract', 'Viridor', 'Storage', 'atmosphere', 'part', 'Now™', 'Utilization', 'technologies', 'world', 'contribution', 'award', 'involvement', 'commitment', 'execution', 'scale', 'Head', 'selection', 'vision', 'expertise', 'deliverability', 'global', 'potential', 'pathway', 'communities', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADR', 'program', 'counter', 'information', 'network', 'purpose', 'May', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', '33 1']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2865967/0/en/Update-on-the-acquisition-of-a-block-of-71-9-of-Believe-s-share-capital-and-launch-of-a-simplified-tender-offer-for-100-of-Believe-s-share-capital.html,Update on the acquisition of a block of 71.9% of Believe's share capital and launch of a simplified tender offer for 100% of Believe's share capital.,"The consortium made up of the EQT X investment fund  the investment funds managed by TCV and the founder and CEO of Believe  Denis Ladegaillerie (the ""Consortium"") reminds that on 11 February 2024 it entered into agreements with certain historical shareholder…","Following the favourable reasoned opinion issued by Believe's Board of Directors  the Consortium confirms its firm and definitive acquisition of nearly 72% of Believe's share capital;All conditions precedent have been definitively fulfilled and the transfer of these shares is firm and irrevocable;This acquisition will be followed by the filing of a simplified tender offer by the Consortium for the remaining shares of Believe  at a price of €15 per share  representing a premium of 43.8% over the volume-weighted average share price of the 30 trading days preceding the announcement of the offer  and at the same price as that obtained by the sellers of the majority blocks;The consortium made up of the EQT X investment fund  the investment funds managed by TCV and the founder and CEO of Believe  Denis Ladegaillerie (the ""Consortium"") reminds that on 11 February 2024 it entered into agreements with certain historical shareholders of Believe (TCV  XAnge  Ventech and Denis Ladegaillerie) to acquire blocks of shares representing 71.9% of Believe's share capital at a price of 15 euros per share  and that it will file a simplified tender offer for the outstanding shares of Believe at a price of 15 euros per share following the completion of such acquisitions (the “Offer”).The Consortium has taken note of the favorable reasoned opinion issued by Believe’s Board of Directors based on the recommendation of the ad hoc committee which considers that the Consortium’s Offer is in the interest of the Company  its employees and its shareholders.All conditions precedent relating to the above-mentioned acquisitions have been definitively fulfilled  and the transfer of said shares is accordingly firm and irrevocable. The Consortium will therefore file its Offer in the coming days.With this new capital structure  the Consortium wishes to strengthen Believe's position in its markets while continuing to develop the specificity of its unique model  at the service of artists and independent labels. The Consortium will provide Believe with the support it needs to accelerate its international development  in particular through major investments in its technology and strategic acquisitions in order to continue to grow faster than the market.Denis Ladegaillerie  CEO and Founder of Believe  said: ""Believe is a global leader in the digital music market  with strong French roots and one ambition: to become the go-to partner for all independent artists and labels worldwide. Thanks to this transaction  Believe will have all the necessary resources to continue the remarkable growth dynamic that the company has experienced in recent years. With the active and ongoing support of TCV  which has accompanied Believe since 2014  and the expertise of EQT  I am convinced that we will continue to make Believe the global reference for independent music  while seizing all the growth opportunities offered by the digital transformation of the music market  to put them at the service of creation and creators.""Disclaimer This press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation to sell Believe shares in any country  including France. There is no certainty that the simplified tender offer mentioned above will be filed or opened. The dissemination  publication or distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. Accordingly  persons in possession of this press release are required to inform themselves about and to comply with any local restrictions that may apply.With this transaction  EQT X is expected to be 30-35 percent invested (including closed and/or signed investments  announced public offers  if applicable  and less any expected syndication) based on target fund size and subject to customary regulatory approvals.The information contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell  nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  any security  and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any offer or solicitation. Any offer or solicitation in respect of EQT X or TCV will be made only through a confidential private placement memorandum and related documents which will be furnished to qualified investors on a confidential basis in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The information contained herein is not for publication or distribution to persons in the United States of America. Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  and may not be offered or sold without registration thereunder or pursuant to an available exemption therefrom. Any offering of securities to be made in the United States would have to be made by means of an offering document that would be obtainable from the issuer or its agents and would contain detailed information about the issuer of the securities and its management  as well as financial information. The securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration.About EQTEQT is a purpose-driven global investment organization with EUR 232 billion in total assets under management (EUR 130 billion in fee-generating assets under management)  within two business segments – Private Capital and Real Assets. EQT owns portfolio companies and assets in Europe  Asia-Pacific and the Americas and supports them in achieving sustainable growth  operational excellence and market leadership.More info: www.eqtgroup.comFollow EQT on LinkedIn   X   YouTube and InstagramAbout TCVTCV is a leading investment firm focused on investing in global  category-defining  technology companies. Leveraging its deep industry expertise and strategic resources  TCV’s mission is to provide long-term capital and support to high-quality management teams across their growth journey. Since its founding in 1995  TCV has invested over $18 billion in more than 350 technology companies worldwide and has supported over 150 IPOs and strategic acquisitions  making it one of the most active technology investors. TCV has a global presence in Menlo Park  New York  London and Melbourne. For more information on TCV and its investments  visit www.tcv.comAbout BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital era by providing them the solutions they need in their creative journeys and to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of creative and digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to support artists and labels. Its 1 919 employees in more than 50 countries aim to partner with artists and music entrepreneurs with expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.comPress Contact on behalf of the ConsortiumNicolas Grange - +33 6 29 56 20 19Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.32,0.16,True,English,"['simplified tender offer', 'share capital', 'Update', 'acquisition', 'block', 'Believe', 'launch', 'confidential private placement memorandum', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'volume-weighted average share price', 'EQT X investment fund', 'target fund size', 'favourable reasoned opinion', 'favorable reasoned opinion', 'ad hoc committee', 'strong French roots', 'customary regulatory approvals', 'remarkable growth dynamic', 'new capital structure', 'simplified tender offer', 'digital music market', 'investment funds', 'confidential basis', 'growth opportunities', 'digital transformation', 'independent music', 'share capital', '30 trading days', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'coming days', 'unique model', 'international development', 'global leader', 'one ambition', 'necessary resources', 'recent years', 'global reference', 'press release', 'public offers', 'related documents', 'qualified investors', 'applicable laws', 'United States', 'available exemption', 'same price', 'information purposes', 'detailed information', 'financial information', 'definitive acquisition', 'remaining shares', 'majority blocks', 'historical shareholders', 'outstanding shares', 'independent labels', 'major investments', 'independent artists', 'ongoing support', 'specific regulations', 'local restrictions', 'offering document', 'The Consortium', 'strategic acquisitions', 'conditions precedent', 'Believe shares', 'Board', 'Directors', 'firm', 'transfer', 'filing', 'premium', 'announcement', 'sellers', 'TCV', 'founder', 'CEO', '11 February', 'agreements', 'XAnge', 'Ventech', '15 euros', 'completion', 'note', 'recommendation', 'interest', 'Company', 'employees', 'position', 'markets', 'specificity', 'service', 'technology', 'order', 'partner', 'transaction', 'active', 'expertise', 'creation', 'creators', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'France', 'certainty', 'dissemination', 'publication', 'distribution', 'countries', 'persons', 'possession', 'closed', 'syndication', 'security', 'connection', 'respect', 'accordance', 'America', 'registration', 'means', 'issuer', 'agents', 'management']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2865933/0/en/Pluxee-delivers-strong-performance-in-the-First-Half-and-raises-Fiscal-2024-Organic-revenue-growth-and-Recurring-EBITDA-margin-objectives.html,Pluxee delivers strong performance in the First Half and raises Fiscal 2024 Organic revenue growth and Recurring EBITDA margin objectives,First Half Fiscal 2024 ResultsIssy-les-Moulineaux  France – April 19  2024    First Half Fiscal 2024 highlights  Successful spin-off and listing on......,First Half Fiscal 2024 ResultsIssy-les-Moulineaux  France – April 19  2024First Half Fiscal 2024 highlightsSuccessful spin-off and listing on Euronext Paris on February 1  2024on Euronext Paris on February 1  2024 Organic revenue growth of +24% incl. +26% in Q2  reflecting buoyant performance across all regionsincl. +26% in Q2  reflecting buoyant performance across all regions Strong Recurring EBITDA at €201 million  i.e. +28% organic growth; 34.4% margin at constant ratesat €201 million  i.e. +28% organic growth; at constant rates Net profit of €68 million reflecting higher one-time items  mostly spin-off relatedRecurring free cash flow of €228 million  with strong Recurring Cash conversion of 113%Net cash position of €1 065 million   increasing by €206 million since August 31  2023  increasing by €206 million since August 31  2023 Fiscal 2024 financial objectives raised: Organic revenue growth expected between 15% to 17% and Recurring EBITDA margin expected at 35% at least including standalone costs at constant rates  while reaffirming all mid-term targetsFirst Half Fiscal 2024 key figures(in millions of euros) H1FY 2024 H1FY 2023 Variation(%) Variation atconstant rate(%) Total revenues 593 488 21.5% 24.0% Recurring EBITDARecurring EBITDA margin 20133.9% 16333.5% 23.1%+44bps 27.7%+90bps(2) Net profit for the period 68 92 -25.6% -18.0% Recurring free cash flow 228 265(1) -14.0% Recurring cash conversion (%) 113% 163%(1) - Net financial cash position 1 065 859 24.0%Note: (1) Excluding the net effects from the transfer of receivables as part of the Sodexo Group amounting to €65m in H1 FY 2023. (2) Externalizing a 34.4% Recurring EBITDA margin at constant rate.Aurélien Sonet  Chief Executive Officer of Pluxee  commented:“Our first results as a standalone listed company demonstrate good progress in delivering the Group strategic growth plan as well as on our financial objectives. Strong business momentum continued during the First Half of Fiscal 2024  with topline growth exceeding expectations and strong improvement in recurring EBITDA. This success is a testament to the excellent work and unrelenting commitment of our entire team and I would like to thank all our colleagues for their contribution to this robust set of results. Our recent successful listing and inaugural bond issue have enabled Pluxee to take a significant step towards realizing our long-standing vision of being a leading global pure player in Employee Benefits & Engagement. We are well positioned to continue delivering on our strategic plan  underpinned by a distinctive value proposition and supported by a wealth of expertise across our team  powerful tech and data capabilities and a disciplined M&A strategy. Given our strong start to the year  we are raising our Fiscal 2024 organic growth and EBITDA margin objectives while reiterating our mid-term targets  reflecting our confidence in the second half of Fiscal 2024 and beyond.”First Half Fiscal 2024 results performanceThe Board of Directors of Pluxee N.V. prepared the financial statements for the First Half Fiscal 2024 (H1 FY 2024). The Group’s statutory auditor completed the usual limited review of these half-year consolidated financial statements. The main consolidated financial items are:SUMMARIZED INCOME STATEMENT(in millions of euros) H1FY 2024 H1FY 2023 Variation(%) Variationat constantrate (%) Total Revenues 593 488 21.5% 24.0% Operating expenses (392) (325) 20.7% 22.1% Recurring EBITDA 201 163 23.1% 27.7% Recurring EBITDA margin 33.9% 33.5% +44bps +90bps Depreciation  amortization and impairment (40) (35) 13.7% 14.6% Recurring operating profit(Recurring EBIT) 161 128 25.7% 31.4% Recurring operating profit margin 27.1% 26.2% +91bps +144bps Other operating income and expenses (41) (3) Operating profit (EBIT) 120 125 -4.1% 1.3% Financial result (10) 11 Profit before tax 110 136 -19.2% -12.4% Income tax expense (42) (44) Net profit 68 92 -25.6% -18.0% Net profit attributable to Group equity holders 66 89 Basic earnings per share (in euros) 0.45 0.61 -26.6%The consolidated financial statements were prepared in thousands of euros and are presented in million euros  after rounding to the nearest million (unless otherwise specified). As a result  there may be rounding differences between the amounts reported in the various statements.Strong organic revenue growth of +24.0%Total revenues reached €593 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  a +21.5% increase compared to H1 FY 2023  including a negative currency translation effect of -2.5% reflecting the application of hyperinflationary accounting to Turkey. Organic growth was +24.0% in the first half of Fiscal 2024. Total revenues grew by +24.6% in the second quarter  including -1.1% currency translation effects and +25.7% organic growth  benefiting from positive market dynamics across all regions and a favourable macro environment.All three regions showed double digit organic growth in H1 FY 2024  as a result of higher volumes driven by new client wins  further face value increase and good client net retention as well as an increase in Float revenue.Operating revenue reached €518 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  with strong organic growth of +17.4%. Currency translation effects were a negative -1.7%. In Q2 FY 2024  Operating revenue grew +19.9% versus H1 FY 2023 on an organic basis  accelerating from +14.5% pro-forma growth in the first quarter.Employee Benefits generated operating revenue of €431 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  growing +20.5% organically in the first half and +21.6% organically in Q2 FY 2024. This improvement was driven by solid growth in Employee Benefits business volumes (+12.4%)  as a result of net client gains with an increasing contribution from small and medium enterprises and portfolio growth including positive development in cross selling to existing clients and a continuous increase in average face value  as a result of the intensive marketing & sales campaigns conducted over the half-year. Over the first half  the take-up rate improved to 5.0%  representing a +30bps increase compared to Fiscal 2023  due to a strong commercial focus and the gradual impact of the end of negative commissions in Brazil.generated operating revenue of €431 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  growing +20.5% organically in the first half and +21.6% organically in Q2 FY 2024. This improvement was driven by solid growth in Employee Benefits business volumes (+12.4%)  as a result of net client gains with an increasing contribution from small and medium enterprises and portfolio growth including positive development in cross selling to existing clients and a continuous increase in average face value  as a result of the intensive marketing & sales campaigns conducted over the half-year. Over the first half  the take-up rate improved to 5.0%  representing a +30bps increase compared to Fiscal 2023  due to a strong commercial focus and the gradual impact of the end of negative commissions in Brazil. Other products and services generated operating revenue of €87 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  growing +4.2% organically compared to H1 FY 2023. Organic growth accelerated in Q2 FY 2024  up +12.6% while Q1 FY 2024 pro forma organic revenue growth was impacted by the high comparison basis in Public Benefits.Float revenue rose to €75 million in the first half of Fiscal 2024  increasing +97.3% organically in H1 FY 2024  of which +87.6% in Q2 FY 2024. This was due to the continuous growth of the Float  which stood at €2.8 billion as of February 29  2024  and the overall progressive stabilization of interest rates at a high level. Over the first half-year  Float revenue increase was driven primarily by Continental Europe and Latin America  up +80% and +102% respectively. All regions recorded an expansion of the Float due to a continuous increase in business volumes and benefitted from a higher interest rate environment compared to H1 FY 2023.Recurring EBITDA margin improved by +90bps at constant ratesRecurring EBITDA reached €201 million in H1 FY 2024  up +23% year-on-year and +28% organically. The recurring EBITDA margin increased by +44bps to 33.9% at current rates and by +90bps to 34.4% at constant rates. The increase was driven by the Float revenue contribution which more than offset the new standalone costs on top of management fees still invoiced by Sodexo over the first five months of the semester and the increase in Opex to capture growth and invest for the future. Recurring EBITDA growth was strong across all regions  with +16.9% growth in Continental Europe  +35.9% in Latin America and +8.6% in Rest of the world.Recurring operating profit up 25.7%Recurring operating profit was €161 million  up +25.7% year-on-year. This includes -€40 million of depreciation  amortization and impairment charges for the period  compared to -€35 million in H1 FY 2023.Other operating income and expenses were -€41 million in H1 FY 2024 compared to -€3 million in H1 FY 2023. This includes -€32 million of one-off expenses related to the spin-off and rebranding costs and -€11 million of write-off of specific digital assets related to a partner platform refocused now on two countries. Other operating income and expenses are expected to be around -€80 million for Fiscal 2024  compared to -€60 million initially forecasted as a result of the above assets write-off and some additional restructuring costs.Operating profit for the period was €120 million  compared to €125 million in the previous semester.Net Income of €68 millionFinancial Result was -€10 million in H1 FY 2024  compared to €11 million in H1 FY 2023. It included the borrowing costs incurred in connection with the new capital structure set as part of the spin-off project and partially offset by the interest income generated from the Group’s solid non-Float-related cash position. Financial Result is expected to be around -€15 million for Fiscal 2024 compared to -€20 million initially forecasted and based on current interest rate environment.Income tax expenses were -€42 million in H1 FY 2024  implying an effective tax rate of 38% computed by using the projected tax rate for Fiscal 2024. It is specifically impacted by a higher amount of one-off costs in relation to the spin-off and the digital assets write-off. Effective tax rate is expected to be around 38% for Fiscal 2024.Net Profit for the period was €68 million  compared to €92 million in H1 FY 2023  the difference primarily resulting from the one-off increase in Other operating expenses and higher Net financial expenses in relation to the new capital structure. Within this  Net profit attributable to equity shareholders was €66 million and EPS attributable to equity shareholders was €0.45 in H1 FY 2024 based on the basic weighted average number of shares of 146 890 457 as of February 29  2024.Recurring Free cash flow of € 228 million  113% Recurring Cash conversionRecurring Free cash flow was €228 million in H1 FY 2024  compared to €265 million in H1 FY 2023 excluding the net transfer of receivables for €65 million occurred in H1 FY 2023.Capital expenditure was -€68 million in H1 FY 2024  equating to a capital expenditures to revenue ratio of 11.5%. This increase reflects the Group leveraging the positive revenue growth momentum to invest further  especially in IT infrastructures following the spin-off as well as in technology and data  paving the way for the future growth.Working capital variation over the period stood at €158 million compared to €150 million in H1 FY 2023 excluding the prior transfer of receivables.Recurring Cash conversion rate was 113% in H1 FY 2024 compared to 163% in H1 FY 2023 excluding the prior transfer of receivables.Net financial cash position strengthened at €1 065 millionNet financial cash position excluding Restricted cash at February 29  2024  stood at €1 065 million  with a significant improvement versus €859 million at August 31  2023  reflecting strong cash flow generation.Cash and cash equivalent position excluding Restricted cash reached € 1 799 million and Current financial assets stood at €472 million as of February 29  2024. The cumulated amount of liquidity  including Restricted cash  reached €3 268 million as of February 29  2024.Gross borrowings including lease liabilities amounted to €1 206 million as at the end of February 2024. Pluxee successfully placed two inaugural bonds totalling €1 100 million consisting of a €550 million bond issue with a 4.5-year maturity with a coupon of 3.50% and a €550 million bond issue with a 8.5-year maturity with a coupon of 3.75%  allowing to fully repay the bridge loan on March 4  2024.Pluxee’s strong financial cash position and cash generation was confirmed with a BBB+ rating and a stable outlook from Standard & Poor’s.Building strong ESG foundations as a standalone companyPluxee’s ESG commitments and priorities are embedded within the Group’s strategic growth plan.Pluxee has started a double materiality assessment to anticipate CSRD obligations from Fiscal 2025 onwards. The Group has selected the European sustainability reporting standards that are relevant to its business and all countries are consulting their local stakeholders to identify priorities and contribute to the 2030 Group sustainability vision.The Group’s targets and action plan to reach Net Zero emissions by 2035 was approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in December 2023 with a focus on reducing absolute greenhouse gas emissions across the entire value chain covering Scope 1  2 and 3 no later than 2035. The first milestone has been set for 2025  when the Group expects to reach 100% renewable electricity in all buildings. This has already been implemented in several countries such as the UK  Romania and Belgium.Pluxee has also continued over the semester to embrace new ways to support its small and medium merchants. In France  the Group has successfully launched a new initiative in partnership with Mapstr to promote sustainable consumption behaviours. This partnership enhances visibility of more than 15 000 small and medium merchants offering healthy  inclusive and ecofriendly meal alternatives.OutlookDuring its Capital Markets Day  the Group set out Fiscal 2024 and 2026 financial objectives focusing on delivering sustainable organic revenue growth  improving recurring EBITDA margin and maintaining strong cash conversion.Based on the strong financial performance delivered in the First Half of Fiscal 2024  Pluxee is raising its financial objectives for Fiscal 2024 as such:Organic revenue growth expected between 15% to 17% compared to low double digit initially;Recurring EBITDA margin expected to reach at least 35% including standalone costs  from at least 34.5%.Mid-term financial objectives remain unchanged  with the Group reiterating its ambition to reach:low double digit organic growth per year for Fiscal 2025 and 2026;per year for Fiscal 2025 and 2026; c.37% Recurring EBITDA margin in Fiscal 2026; andin Fiscal 2026; and above 70% Recurring Cash conversion on average over Fiscal 2024 to 2026.Fiscal 2024 and 2026 financial objectives are given at constant rates and scope.Significant First Half Fiscal 2024 and subsequent eventsSuccessful spin-off and listing on Euronext ParisOn February 1  2024  Pluxee successfully completed its spin-off and listing on Euronext Paris with a technical reference price of €26 per share. Pluxee’s shares were distributed to Sodexo shareholders on a one-for-one basis. Bellon SA remains a committed long-term shareholder to Pluxee with approximately 42.8% of the outstanding ordinary shares and nearly 60.0% of the voting rights in the company.Refinancing and inaugural bond issueOn March 4  2024  Pluxee successfully completed the placing of two inaugural bonds for an aggregate amount of €1.1 billion  consisting of a €550 million bond issue with a 4.5-year maturity and a coupon of 3.50% and a €550 million bond issue with a 8.5-year maturity and a coupon of 3.75%. The net proceeds were used to repay the €1.1 billion portion drawn down of the bridge loan secured in October 2023 as part of the spin-off project.Strengthened leadership teamThe Group has strengthened its Leadership team and enhanced geographic governance to accelerate the execution of its strategic plan and the delivery of its ambitious mid-term financial objectives.Alexandre Cotarmanac’h has been appointed Chief Product Officer to drive further enhancement of the product offering globally;has been appointed to drive further enhancement of the product offering globally; Thierry Guihard   CEO of Pluxee Brazil   and Malena Gufflet   CEO of Pluxee France   have joined the Leadership Team to ensure aligned and strategic decision making in the Group’s two largest markets;    and     have joined the Leadership Team to ensure aligned and strategic decision making in the Group’s two largest markets; Sébastien Godet has become Chief Revenue Growth Officer for Asia  Middle East  Africa and Continental Europe outside France. Manuel Fernandez has been appointed Chief Revenue Growth Officer for Hispanic Latin America. Viktoria Otero del Val was also appointed Chief Revenue Growth Officer for the U.K. and the U.S.. All three Leadership team members will support country teams in setting  enabling and tracking growth plans  and ensuring best in class execution.Conference callPluxee will hold a conference call in English today at 8:30 a.m. CET to comment on its H1 Fiscal 2024 Results.Those who wish to connect:— From France: +33 1 70 91 87 04  or— From the UK: +44 121 281 8004  or— From the US: +1 718 705 8796 Followed by the access code 07 26 76.The live audio webcast will be accessible on www.pluxeegroup.comThe press release  presentation and webcast are available on the Group website www.pluxeegroup.com in the “Investors – Financial Results” section.The condensed financial statements and the half-year financial report which includes the auditor report and the responsibility statement of the Board of Directors for this report are available on the Group website www.pluxeegroup.com in the “Investors – Financial Results” section.This half-year financial report is filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten) given that the Netherlands are Pluxee N.V.'s home member state for the purposes of Directive 2004/109/EC (as amended by Directive 2013/50/EU).Fiscal 2024 Financial calendarThird quarter Fiscal 2024 revenues July 3  2024 Annual Fiscal 2024 results October 31  2024 Fiscal 2024 annual shareholders’ meeting December 2024These dates are indicative and may be subject to change without notice.Regular updates are available in the calendar on our website www.pluxeegroup.comAbout PluxeePluxee is a global player in employee benefits and engagement that operates in 31 countries. Pluxee helps companies attract  engage  and retain talent thanks to a broad range of solutions across Meal & Food  Wellbeing  Lifestyle  Reward & Recognition  and Public Benefits. Powered by leading technology and more than 5 000 engaged team members  Pluxee acts as a trusted partner within a highly interconnected B2B2C ecosystem made up of more than 500 000 clients  36 million consumers and 1.7 million merchants. Conducting business for more than 45 years  Pluxee is committed to creating a positive impact on local communities  supporting wellbeing at work for employees and protecting the planet. For more information: www.pluxeegroup.comContactsMediaCecilia de Pierrebourg+33 6 03 30 46 98cecilia.depierrebourg@pluxeegroup.com Analysts and InvestorsPauline Bireaud+33 6 22 58 83 51pauline.bireaud@pluxeegroup.comRevenueBREAKDOWN OF TOTAL REVENUES BY NATUREIn millions of eurosQ1 pro-forma Q1 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Operating revenue 231 208 14.5% -3.3% 11.3% Float revenue 35 18 109.9% -14.8% 95.1% Total Revenues 266 225 22.0% -4.1% 17.9% Q2 FY 2024 Q2 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Operating revenue 287 240 19.9% -0.3% 19.6% Float revenue 40 22 87.6% -9.6% 78.0% Total Revenues 327 262 25.7% -1.1% 24.6% H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Operating revenue 518 448 17.4% -1.7% 15.7% Float revenue 75 40 97.3% -11.8% 85.5% Total Revenues 593 488 24.0% -2.5% 21.5%BREAKDOWN OF TOTAL REVENUES BY LINES OF SERVICESIn millions of eurosQ1 pro-forma Q1 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Employee benefits 222 182 27.1% -5.5% 21.6% Other products & services 44 43 0.2% 2.2% 2.4% Total Revenues 266 225 22.0% -4.1% 17.9% Q2 FY 2024 Q2 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Employee benefits 272 216 27.8% -1.9% 25.9% Other products & services 55 46 15.4% 3.0% 18.4% Total Revenues 327 262 25.7% -1.1% 24.6% H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Employee benefits 494 399 27.5% -3.6% 23.9% Other products & services 99 89 8.1% 2.6% 10.7% Total Revenues 593 488 24.0% -2.5% 21.5%BREAKDOWN OF TOTAL REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHYIn millions of eurosQ1 pro-forma Q1 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Continental Europe 108 95 13.5% 0.1% 13.6% Latin America 110 85 28.7% 0.4% 29.0% Rest of the World 48 45 27.8% -22.1% 5.8% Total Revenues 266 225 22.0% -4.1% 17.9% Q2 FY 2024 Q2 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Continental Europe 155 126 23.3% 0.0% 23.3% Latin America 117 89 26.0% 5.4% 31.4% Rest of the World 54 47 31.4% -16.4% 15.0% Total Revenues 327 262 25.7% -1.1% 24.6% H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 Organicgrowth (%) Currencyeffect (%) Totalgrowth (%) Continental Europe 264 221 19.1% 0.1% 19.2% Latin America 227 174 27.3% 3.0% 30.3% Rest of the World 102 92 29.7% -19.2% 10.5% Total Revenues 593 488 24.0% -2.5% 21.5%SUMMARIZED BALANCE SHEET(in € millions) February29  2024 August 31 2023 February29  2024 August 31 2023 Trade receivables related to the Float 1 288 1 075 Total value in circulation and related payables 3 950 3 543 Restricted cash 997 936 Short-term borrowings(3) 1 116 1 254 Current financial assets 472 542 Long-term borrowings(3) 71 49 Cash and cash equivalents 1 799 1 625 Bank overdrafts 20 5 Other assets 1 580 1 495 Other liabilities 979 822 Total Assets 6 136 5 673 Total Equity and Liabilities 6 136 5 673Notes: (3) Including lease liabilities.Float amounting to €2 781 million as of February 29  2024  made of 3 950 million of Value in circulation and related payables minus €1 288 million of Trade receivables related to the Float restated of €118 million from Advances from clients.SUMMARY OF CASH FLOW GENERATION(in millions of euros) H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 Recurring EBITDA 201 163 Capital expenditures (68) (53) Change in working capital excluding Restricted cash variation 158 215 Exclusion of antitrust one-off penalty payment - 45 Other(4) (63) (40) Recurring Free cash flow(5) 228 330 Recurring Cash conversion 113% 202%Notes: (4) Partly including repayments of Lease Liabilities  income tax paid  and financial result. Excluding impact from other income and expenses received/paid. (5) Including the net effects from the transfer of receivables as part of the Sodexo Group amounting to €65m in H1 FY 2023.Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the Group's intentions  current beliefs  expectations and assumptions  including  without limitation  assumptions regarding the Group's future business strategies and the environment in which the Group operates  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other important factors beyond the Group's control  which may cause the Group's actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed in the prospectus dated January 10  2024 which is available on the Company website (www.pluxeegroup.com) and the AFM website (www.afm.nl). Accordingly  readers of this press release are cautioned on relying on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release and Pluxee Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements included in this press release to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based.DisclaimerThis press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States  or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.43,0.56,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Fiscal 2024 Organic revenue growth', 'Recurring EBITDA margin objectives', 'strong performance', 'First Half', 'Pluxee', 'First Half Fiscal 2024 key figures', 'leading global pure player', 'disciplined M&A strategy', 'negative currency translation effect', 'First Half Fiscal 2024 results performance', 'Recurring free cash flow', 'main consolidated financial items', 'double digit organic growth', 'half-year consolidated financial statements', 'First Half Fiscal 2024 highlights', 'strong Recurring Cash conversion', 'Net financial cash position', 'Strong organic revenue growth', 'Group strategic growth plan', 'Recurring operating profit margin', 'Net cash position', 'higher one-time items', 'Aurélien Sonet', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Strong business momentum', 'inaugural bond issue', 'usual limited review', 'SUMMARIZED INCOME STATEMENT', 'positive market dynamics', 'favourable macro environment', 'new client wins', 'Other operating income', 'Group equity holders', 'Strong Recurring EBITDA', 'Recurring EBITDA margin', 'standalone listed company', 'distinctive value proposition', 'Fiscal 2024 financial objectives', 'Fiscal 2024 organic growth', 'EBITDA margin objectives', 'Income tax expense', 'Pluxee N.V.', 'recent successful listing', 'first results', 'strategic plan', '+28% organic growth', '+25.7% organic growth', 'second half', 'buoyant performance', 'strong improvement', 'strong start', 'topline growth', 'Sodexo Group', 'The Group', 'various statements', 'Net profit', 'Successful spin-off', 'standalone costs', 'higher volumes', 'net effects', 'Financial result', 'Operating expenses', 'Euronext Paris', 'constant rates', 'mid-term targets', 'Total revenues', 'good progress', 'excellent work', 'unrelenting commitment', 'robust set', 'significant step', 'long-standing vision', 'Employee Benefits', 'powerful tech', 'data capabilities', 'statutory auditor', 'Basic earnings', 'rounding differences', 'hyperinflationary accounting', 'second quarter', 'value increase', 'FY 2024 H1', 'H1 FY', 'FY 2023 Variation', 'entire team', 'three regions', 'million euros', '34.4% margin', '+21.5% increase', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'France', 'April', 'February', 'August', 'millions', 'period', 'Note', 'transfer', 'receivables', 'part', 'expectations', 'testament', 'colleagues', 'contribution', 'Engagement', 'wealth', 'expertise', 'confidence', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'impairment', 'share', 'thousands', 'amounts', 'application', 'Turkey', 'face']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39599,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-Group-announces-the-repurchase-of-outstanding-125-million-convertible-bonds-due-2025-46481120/,Pharming Group announces the repurchase of outstanding 125 million convertible bonds due 2025,(marketscreener.com) NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. Leiden  the Netherlands  19th April  2024: …,"NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.Leiden  the Netherlands  19th April  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) announces the final results of its invitation to Eligible Bondholders (as defined below) of the outstanding €125 million 3.00% senior unsecured convertible bonds due 2025 issued on 21 January 2020 (the “2025 Bonds”; ISIN: XS2105716554) to tender for purchase via a reverse bookbuilding process for cash any and all of their 2025 Bonds (the “Invitation”).Pharming announces the repurchase of €123.1 million of the 2025 Bonds  which represents 98.5% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds  on the basis of a final repurchase price per 2025 Bond equal to €100 000. In addition  the Company will pay accrued and unpaid interest from  and including  21st January 2024 (being the last interest payment date for the 2025 Bonds prior to the Invitation) to  but excluding  the Invitation settlement date  which is expected to occur on 26th April 2024. Any 2025 Bonds repurchased by the Company in connection with the Invitation will be cancelled in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 2025 Bonds.The Invitation has been targeted at any holder of the 2025 Bonds that has represented that it is not located or resident in the United States and is not otherwise a U.S. Person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) and is not participating in the Invitation from the United States or it is acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in such Invitation from the United States in accordance with the “Important Notice in Relation to the Repurchase” below (such holders being “Eligible Bondholders”).The remaining outstanding 2025 Bonds will represent an aggregate principal amount of €1.9 million. Considering that further to the repurchase  the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds outstanding and held by persons other than the Company and its subsidiaries is equal to or less than 15 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount originally issued  the Company may  subject to providing not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice  early redeem all of the outstanding 2025 Bonds at their principal amount together with accrued interest thereon until (but excluding) the date of such early redemption.HSBC and Jefferies acted as Joint Dealer Managers for the Invitation. Van Lanschot Kempen acted as advisor to the Company.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2023 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualified  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlNO ACTION HAS BEEN TAKEN BY THE COMPANY  THE JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS AND JOINT BOOKRUNNERS (TOGETHER  THE “MANAGERS”) OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES THAT WOULD PERMIT AN OFFERING OF THE NEW BONDS OR POSSESSION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE OR ANY OFFERING OR PUBLICITY MATERIAL RELATING TO THE NEW BONDS OR THE ORDINARY SHARES TO BE ISSUED OR DELIVERED UPON CONVERSION OF THE NEW BONDS AND NOTIONALLY UNDERLYING THE BONDS (TOGETHER WITH THE NEW BONDS  THE “SECURITIES”) IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE ACTION FOR THAT PURPOSE IS REQUIRED. PERSONS INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS PRESS RELEASE COMES ARE REQUIRED BY THE COMPANY AND THE MANAGERS TO INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT  AND TO OBSERVE  ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES. THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL SECURITIES OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES  NOR SHALL THERE BE ANY OFFER OF SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SALE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.THIS PRESS RELEASE AND THE OFFERING WHEN MADE ARE ONLY ADDRESSED TO  AND DIRECTED IN  THE UNITED KINGDOM AND MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE “EEA”) AT PERSONS WHO ARE “QUALIFIED INVESTORS” WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION (“QUALIFIED INVESTORS”). FOR THESE PURPOSES  THE EXPRESSION ""PROSPECTUS REGULATION"" MEANS REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AND REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE “EUWA”).SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS CONTAINED WITHIN: (A) EU DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU ON MARKETS IN FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  AS AMENDED (“MIFID II”); (B) ARTICLES 9 AND 10 OF COMMISSION DELEGATED DIRECTIVE (EU) 2017/593 SUPPLEMENTING MIFID II; (C) LOCAL IMPLEMENTING MEASURES IN THE EEA; (D) REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (“UK MIFIR”); AND (E) THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (TOGETHER  THE “PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS”)  AND DISCLAIMING ALL AND ANY LIABILITY  WHETHER ARISING IN TORT  CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE  WHICH ANY “MANUFACTURER” (FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE PRODUCT GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS) MAY OTHERWISE HAVE WITH RESPECT THERETO  THE NEW BONDS HAVE BEEN SUBJECT TO A PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS  WHICH HAS DETERMINED THAT: (I) THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NEW BONDS IS (A) IN THE EEA  ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY  EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II AND (B) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES (AS DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK) AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS (AS DEFINED IN UK MIFIR); AND (II) ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NEW BONDS TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING  SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NEW BONDS (A ""DISTRIBUTOR"") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER  A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II OR THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NEW BONDS (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IS WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF ANY CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL SELLING RESTRICTIONS IN RELATION TO ANY OFFERING OF THE BONDS.FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT  THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE: (A) AN ASSESSMENT OF SUITABILITY OR APPROPRIATENESS FOR THE PURPOSES OF MIFID II OR UK MIFIR; OR (B) A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY INVESTOR OR GROUP OF INVESTORS TO INVEST IN  OR PURCHASE  OR TAKE ANY OTHER ACTION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE NEW BONDS.THE NEW BONDS ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED  SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED  SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM. FOR THESE PURPOSES  A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS (A) IN THE EEA  A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: (I) A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97  WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II AND (B) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF (I) A RETAIL CLIENT  AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA OR (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 OF THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE “FSMA”) AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97  WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT  AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA.CONSEQUENTLY  NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014  AS AMENDED (THE ""PRIIPS REGULATION"") OR THE PRIIPS REGULATION AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (THE “UK PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NEW BONDS OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NEW BONDS OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION AND/OR THE UK PRIIPS REGULATION.IN ADDITION  IN THE UNITED KINGDOM THIS PRESS RELEASE IS BEING DISTRIBUTED ONLY TO  AND IS DIRECTED ONLY AT  QUALIFIED INVESTORS (I) WHO HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005  AS AMENDED (THE “ORDER”) AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE ORDER  AND (II) TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE COMMUNICATED (ALL SUCH PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS “RELEVANT PERSONS”). THIS PRESS RELEASE MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON (I) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM  BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS  AND (II) IN ANY MEMBER STATE OF THE EEA  BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT QUALIFIED INVESTORS. ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS PRESS RELEASE RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO (A) RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM AND (B) QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA.ANY DECISION TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE NEW BONDS SHOULD ONLY BE MADE ON THE BASIS OF AN INDEPENDENT REVIEW BY A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR OF THE COMPANY’S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. NEITHER OF THE MANAGERS NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE USE OF  OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF  THIS PRESS RELEASE OR THE COMPANY’S PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE IN ITS ENTIRETY WITHOUT NOTICE UP TO THE ISSUE DATE.EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD PROCEED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT IT MUST BEAR THE ECONOMIC RISK OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. NONE OF THE COMPANY OR THE MANAGERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO (I) THE SUITABILITY OF THE SECURITIES FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR  (II) THE APPROPRIATE ACCOUNTING TREATMENT AND POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF INVESTING IN THE SECURITIES OR (III) THE FUTURE PERFORMANCE OF THE SECURITIES EITHER IN ABSOLUTE TERMS OR RELATIVE TO COMPETING INVESTMENTS.THE MANAGERS ARE ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY AND NO ONE ELSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE NEW BONDS AND WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR PROVIDING THE PROTECTIONS AFFORDED TO CLIENTS OF THE MANAGERS OR FOR PROVIDING ADVICE IN RELATION TO THE SECURITIES.EACH OF THE COMPANY  THE MANAGERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OBLIGATION OR UNDERTAKING TO UPDATE  REVIEW OR REVISE ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION  FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS OR OTHERWISE.THE SECURITIES MENTIONED IN THIS DOCUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED IN THE UNITED STATES UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE “U.S. SECURITIES ACT”)  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES  ABSENT REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC OFFER OF THE SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.IMPORTANT NOTICE IN RELATION TO THE REPURCHASETHIS PRESS RELEASE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN INVITATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH  OR TO OR FROM ANY PERSON TO OR FROM WHOM  IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH REPURCHASE UNDER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. PERSONS INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS PRESS RELEASE COMES ARE REQUIRED BY THE COMPANY AND THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS TO INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT  AND TO OBSERVE  ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.UNITED STATESTHE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS NOT BEING MADE AND WILL NOT BE MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE MAIL OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR OF ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  THE UNITED STATES. THIS INCLUDES  BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  ELECTRONIC MAIL  TELEX  TELEPHONE  THE INTERNET AND OTHER FORMS OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION.THE 2025 BONDS MAY NOT BE TENDERED IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS  INSTRUMENTALITY OR FACILITY FROM OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. ACCORDINGLY  COPIES OF THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE ARE NOT BEING  AND MUST NOT BE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  MAILED OR OTHERWISE TRANSMITTED  DISTRIBUTED OR FORWARDED (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  BY CUSTODIANS  NOMINEES OR TRUSTEES) IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES. ANY PURPORTED TENDER OF 2025 BONDS IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID AND ANY PURPORTED TENDER OF 2025 BONDS IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE MADE BY A PERSON LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR BY ANY AGENT  FIDUCIARY OR OTHER INTERMEDIARY ACTING ON A NON-DISCRETIONARY BASIS FOR A PERSON OR A PRINCIPAL GIVING INSTRUCTIONS FROM WITHIN THE UNITED STATES WILL BE INVALID AND WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.EACH HOLDER OF 2025 BONDS PARTICIPATING IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE WILL REPRESENT THAT IT IS NOT LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES AND IT IS NOT PARTICIPATING IN SUCH REPURCHASE FROM THE UNITED STATES  OR IT IS ACTING ON A NON-DISCRETIONARY BASIS FOR A PRINCIPAL THAT IS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND THAT IS NOT GIVING AN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN SUCH REPURCHASE FROM THE UNITED STATES. FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS AND THE ABOVE TWO PARAGRAPHS  “UNITED STATES” MEANS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS)  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.UNITED KINGDOMTHE COMMUNICATION OF THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS NOT BEING MADE  AND SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED  BY AN AUTHORISED PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTION 21 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 AS AMENDED. ACCORDINGLY  SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO  AND MUST NOT BE PASSED ON TO  THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. THE COMMUNICATION OF SUCH DOCUMENTS AND/OR MATERIALS AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM FALLING WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS (AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTIONS) ORDER 2005 (THE “FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER”) OR PERSONS WHO ARE WITHIN ARTICLE 43(2) OF THE FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER OR ANY OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE MADE UNDER THE FINANCIAL PROMOTION ORDER.ITALYNONE OF THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE  THIS PRESS RELEASE OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE SUBMITTED TO THE CLEARANCE PROCEDURE OF THE COMMISSIONE NAZIONALE PER LE SOCIETÀ E LA BORSA (“CONSOB”) PURSUANT TO ITALIAN LAWS AND REGULATIONS.THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS BEING CARRIED OUT IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY AS EXEMPTED OFFERS PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 101-BIS  PARAGRAPH 3-BIS OF THE LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58 OF 24 FEBRUARY 1998  AS AMENDED (THE “ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT”) AND ARTICLE 35-BIS  PARAGRAPH 3  OF CONSOB REGULATION NO. 11971 OF 14 MAY 1999  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “ISSUERS’ REGULATION”). ACCORDINGLY  NO TENDERS BY THE HOLDERS OF THE 2025 BONDS MAY BE COLLECTED  NOR ANY OTHER MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE MAY BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY EXCEPT TO QUALIFIED INVESTORS (INVESTITORI QUALIFICATI)  AS DEFINED PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 100 OF THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT AND ARTICLE 34- TER  FIRST PARAGRAPH  LETTER B) OF THE ISSUERS' REGULATION. HOLDERS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE 2025 BONDS THAT ARE RESIDENT OR LOCATED IN ITALY CAN TENDER SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 2025 BONDS PURSUANT TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE THROUGH AUTHORISED PERSONS (SUCH AS INVESTMENT FIRMS  BANKS OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES PERMITTED TO CONDUCT SUCH ACTIVITIES IN ITALY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT  CONSOB REGULATION NO. 20307 OF 15 FEBRUARY 2018  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME  AND LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 385 OF 1 SEPTEMBER 1993  AS AMENDED) AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR WITH REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY CONSOB  THE BANK OF ITALY OR ANY OTHER ITALIAN AUTHORITY. HOLDERS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE 2025 BONDS THAT ARE RESIDENT OR LOCATED IN ITALY CAN TENDER SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 2025 BONDS PURSUANT TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE THROUGH AUTHORISED PERSONS (SUCH AS INVESTMENT FIRMS  BANKS OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES PERMITTED TO CONDUCT SUCH ACTIVITIES IN ITALY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ITALIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES ACT  CONSOB REGULATION NO. 20307 OF 15 FEBRUARY 2018  AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME  AND LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 385 OF 1 SEPTEMBER 1993  AS AMENDED) AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OR WITH REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY CONSOB  THE BANK OF ITALY OR ANY OTHER ITALIAN AUTHORITY.EACH INTERMEDIARY MUST COMPLY WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS CONCERNING INFORMATION DUTIES VIS-À-VIS ITS CLIENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE 2025 BONDS OR THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE.FRANCETHE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  TO THE PUBLIC IN THE REPUBLIC OF FRANCE (“FRANCE”). NEITHER THIS PRESS RELEASE NOR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE HAVE BEEN OR SHALL BE DISTRIBUTED TO THE PUBLIC IN FRANCE AND ONLY (I) PROVIDERS OF INVESTMENT SERVICES RELATING TO PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF THIRD PARTIES (PERSONNES FOURNISSANT LE SERVICE D’INVESTISSEMENT DE GESTION DE PORTEFEUILLE POUR COMPTE DE TIERS) AND/OR (II) QUALIFIED INVESTORS (INVESTISSEURS QUALIFIÉS) OTHER THAN INDIVIDUALS  IN EACH CASE ACTING ON THEIR OWN ACCOUNT AND ALL AS DEFINED IN  AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH  ARTICLES L.411-1  L.411-2 AND D.411-1 OF THE FRENCH CODE MONÉTAIRE ET FINANCIER  ARE ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE. THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR MATERIAL RELATING TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE SUBMITTED FOR CLEARANCE TO NOR APPROVED BY THE AUTORITÉ DES MARCHÉS FINANCIERS.GENERALNEITHER THIS ANNOUNCEMENT NOR THE ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION THEREOF CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO BUY OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO SELL 2025 BONDS (AND TENDERS OF 2025 BONDS FOR PURCHASE PURSUANT TO THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED FROM HOLDERS OF 2025 BONDS) IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS UNLAWFUL. IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE SECURITIES  BLUE SKY OR OTHER LAWS REQUIRE THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE TO BE MADE BY A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER AND THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES ARE SUCH A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER IN ANY SUCH JURISDICTION  THE CONCURRENT REPURCHASE SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE BY THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS OR SUCH AFFILIATE  AS THE CASE MAY BE  ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY IN SUCH JURISDICTION.THE COMPANY  THE JOINT DEALER MANAGERS AND OTHERS WILL RELY UPON THE TRUTH AND ACCURACY OF THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS  ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND AGREEMENTS.",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.02,0.36,0.62,True,English,"['outstanding 125 million convertible bonds', 'Pharming Group', 'repurchase', 'outstanding €125 million 3.00% senior unsecured convertible bonds', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'last interest payment date', 'outstanding aggregate principal amount', 'reverse bookbuilding process', 'Joint Dealer Managers', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'working capital requirements', 'U.S. Person', 'protein replacement therapies', 'remaining outstanding 2025 Bonds', 'U.S. Securities', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'final repurchase price', 'Invitation settlement date', 'Regulation S', 'final results', 'Securities Act', 'gene therapies', 'unpaid interest', 'UNITED STATES', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Eligible Bondholders', '26th April', 'Important Notice', '15 per cent', '60 days’ notice', 'early redemption', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'product candidates', 'technical developments', '2023 Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'clinical trials', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'SOUTH AFRICA', '21st January', 'discretionary basis', 'cash resources', 'unknown risks', 'other risks', 'similar terms', '21 January', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'INTO', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', '19th', 'ISIN', 'addition', 'accrued', 'connection', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'meaning', 'order', 'Relation', 'persons', 'subsidiaries', 'less', 'HSBC', 'Jefferies', 'advisor', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'use', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan', 'project', 'Examples', 'respect', 'timing', 'progress', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'competitive', 'light', 'year', 'circumsta']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELIEVE-123488703/news/Favorable-reasoned-opinion-of-Believe-s-Board-of-directors-46474677/,Favorable reasoned opinion of Believe's Board of directors,(marketscreener.com) Favorable reasoned opinionof Believe’s Board of directors The Board of Directors rendered  with a unanimous vote from its members present or represented1  a favorable reasoned opinion on the Offer  considering that such Offer is in the in…,"Favorable reasoned opinionof Believe’s Board of directorsThe Board of Directors rendered  with a unanimous vote from its members present or represented 1   a favorable reasoned opinion on the Offer  considering that such Offer is in the interest of the Company  its shareholders and its employees in the following terms;In particular  the Board of Directors considered that the Offer is in the interests of minority shareholders wishing to realize their investment  by enabling them to benefit from immediate and full liquidity at a significant premium over the relevant stock price averages 2   and at the same price as that obtained by the sellers of majority blocks  and thus recommended that minority shareholders pursuing this objective tender their shares to the Offer;It also considered that the Offer was in the interests of shareholders who wished to remain associated with the Company’s potential  by enabling those who would decide not to tender their shares to the Offer to remain shareholders of the Company in the context of its continued listing  but thereby accepting to remain exposed to the associated risks;Finally  it considered that the Offer is in the interest of the Company and its employees  enabling the Company to benefit from the support of major shareholders aligned with its development plan and with the ability to support the Company in the next phase of growth and market consolidation.Paris  19 April 2024 – On February 11  2024  a Consortium formed by funds managed by TCV and EQT X  together with Denis Ladegaillerie  the Chairman and CEO of Believe (the “Company”)  made an offer to the Company to acquire all Believe’s outstanding shares  through the filing of public tender offer (the “Offer”)  at €15 per share (the “Offer Price”). The Offer was part of the Consortium’s agreement to acquire at the same price of €15 the stakes of TCV Luxco BD S.à r.l.  Ventech and XAnge  historical shareholders of Believe3 (the “Blocks Acquisitions”)4  bringing the Consortium’s ownership at 71.92% of the share capital. The Block Acquisitions remained subject to the required regulatory competition approvals (since obtained)  and to the Board of Directors rendering a favorable reasoned opinion.In a press release dated April 12  2024  the Consortium indicated that it no longer intended to request a squeeze-out following the Offer.The Board of Directors of the Company met on April 18  2024  to deliver its reasoned opinion on the Offer  in accordance with applicable regulations.The Board of Directors reviewed in particular (i) the work and recommendation of the Ad-Hoc Committee  composed of the three independent directors  (ii) the conclusions of Ledouble  appointed as independent expert on February 11  2024 (the “Independent Expert”)  whose report concludes that (y) the terms of the Offer are fair  from a financial point of view  for the shareholders voluntarily tendering their shares to the Offer and that (z) there are no ancillary items in connection with the Offer which could be detrimental to the shareholders’ interests.The Ad-Hoc Committee noted that the Offer is in line with the Company’s strategy and should have no particular impact on employment. The Offer is also in line with the strategy pursued by management while benefiting from the support of major shareholders aligned with its development plan and with the ability to support the Company in the next phase of growth and market consolidation. This should enable the Company to strengthen its positioning to seize market opportunities driven by the digital transformation of artists worldwide in the music and music publishing sectors  with the ambition of building a global player in independent music that relies on technology to adapt to the digital world.Regarding the Offer Price  the Ad-Hoc Committee noted  in particular  that it corresponds to the price negotiated by the Offeror with the sellers of majority blocks  following a competitive process and discussions with the Ad-Hoc Committee  and that no competing offer had materialized5.The Ad-Hoc Committee also took note of the fact that a shareholder of the Company wishing to sell its shares could do so in an organized manner  at a price offering premiums ranging from 38.2% (based on the average of the last 20 trading days6) to 52.2% (based on the average of the last 120 trading days7)  and a 50% premium over the share price before rumors8  while below the IPO price of 19.50 euros.The Ad-Hoc Committee noted  however  that while the Offer Price falls within the range of the Independent Expert’s intrinsic discounted cash flow analysis (between €13 and €20.20)  it represents a discount of 12.8% to the central value  which stands at €17.20 per share  but also a slight premium of 2.4% to the central value excluding external growth determined by the Independent Expert  which stands at €14.60 per share.The Consortium’s decision not to implement a squeeze-out following the Offer however allows shareholders who wish to do so  to remain invested in the Company’s development and growth prospects  and with the potential related value creation  it being specified that such shareholders would remain exposed to the Company’s risks -including the risk of a reduction in the liquidity of the shares depending on the number of shares tendered into the Offer- and to fluctuations in the share price.The Board of Directors has rendered  with a unanimous vote from its members present or represented9  a favorable reasoned opinion on the Offer  considering that such Offer is in the interest of the Company  its shareholders  and its employees.In particular  the Board of Directors considered that the Offer is in the interests of minority shareholders wishing to realize their investment  by enabling them to benefit from immediate and full liquidity at a significant premium over the relevant stock price averages10  and at the same price as that obtained by the sellers of majority blocks  and thus recommended that minority shareholders pursuing this objective tender their shares to the Offer.It also considered that the Offer was in the interests of shareholders who wished to remain associated with the Company’s potential  by enabling those who would decide not to tender their shares to the Offer to remain shareholders of the Company in the context of its continued listing  but thereby accepting to remain exposed to the associated risks.Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (""Citi"")  acting as financial adviser to the Company  confirmed to the Board of Directors that the Offer Price is fair  from a financial point of view  for the shareholders11.According to its press release of today  the Consortium has confirmed that  following the Board of Directors’ reasoned opinion  all conditions precedent of the Block Acquisitions have now been definitively fulfilled and that the transfer of these shares is therefore firm and irrevocable. The Consortium will therefore file its Offer in the coming days.The reasoned opinion of the Board of Directors and the report of the Independent Expert will be reproduced in full in the Company’s draft note in response  which will be filed concomitantly with the draft offer document of the Consortium. These documents will be filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers and subject to its clearance.* * *Citi  which is regulated by the European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – BaFin)  is acting as financial adviser exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Offer  and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to clients of Citi or its affiliates  nor for providing advice in relation to the Offer or any other matters or arrangements referred to herein.*****About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 919 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.comForward Looking statementThis press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the prospects and growth strategies of Believe and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). These statements include statements relating to the Group’s intentions  strategies  growth prospects  and trends in its results of operations  financial situation and liquidity. Although such statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers reasonable  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ from those anticipated in such statements due to a variety of factors  including those discussed in the Group’s filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which are available on the website of Believe (www.believe.com). Prospective information contained in this press release is given only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by law  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation to update its forward-looking statements in light of new information or future developments. Some of the financial information contained in this press release is not IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) accounting measures.Press contacts:believe@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton |+33 6 79 99 27 15Benoit Grange |+33 6 14 45 09 26Investor Relations contact:Emilie.megel@believe.comEmilie MEGEL| +33 6 07 09 98 601 It being specified that only the independent directors took part in the vote  the other directors being either related to the Consortium or related to shareholders who have agreed to transfer their shares to the Consortium.2 The Offer Price offers premiums ranging from 38.2% (based on the VWAP of the 20 trading days before February 9  2024 (last trading day before announcement)) to 52.2% (based on the VWAP of the 120 trading days before February 9  2024)  and a 50% premium over the share price before rumors (market price on December 4  2023).3 Holding respectively 41.14%  12.03% and 6.29% of Believe shares.4 In addition  Denis Ladegaillerie agreed to contribute a portion of his Company shares (representing 11.17% of the share capital) and to sell the remaining portion (representing 1.29% of the share capital) to the Consortium.5 In particular  Warner Music Group  after having access to a “data room”  decided not to make an offer for the Company.6 VWAP at February 9  2024 (last trading day before announcement).7 VWAP at February 9  2024 (last trading day before announcement).8 Market price on December 4  2023.9 It being specified that only the independent directors took part in the vote  the other directors being either related to the Consortium or related to shareholders who have agreed to transfer their shares to the Consortium.10 The Offer Price offers premiums ranging from 38.2% (based on the VWAP of the 20 trading days before February 9  2024 (last trading day before announcement)) to 52.2% (based on the VWAP of the 120 trading days before February 9  2024)  and a 50% premium over the share price before rumors (market price on December 4  2023).11 The financial opinion of Citi concluded that the Offer price is fair  from a financial point of view  to the shareholders of the Company (excluding Mr. Ladegaillerie and the sellers as part of the Block Trade) (it being specified that (x) such financial opinion is based on and subject to the various assumptions  caveats  and other limitations contained therein  and it does not constitute in any way a recommendation to the shareholders of the Company as to whether or not they should tender their securities to the Offer  (y) such financial opinion does not constitute  and is not intended to constitute  a ""fairness opinion""  and Citi shall not be considered as an “independent expert”  in each case within the meaning of the General Regulation of the AMF  and (z) such financial opinion is intended solely for the use and benefit of the members of the Board of Directors  and no other person may rely on it).Attachment",positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.23,0.36,True,English,"['Favorable reasoned opinion', 'Believe', 'Board', 'directors', 'intrinsic discounted cash flow analysis', 'TCV Luxco BD S.à r', 'regulatory competition approvals', 'last 20 trading days', 'last 120 trading days', 'Favorable reasoned opinion', 'The Block Acquisitions', 'relevant stock price', 'price offering premiums', 'music publishing sectors', 'The Ad-Hoc Committee', 'public tender offer', 'three independent directors', 'Blocks Acquisitions', 'independent expert', 'independent music', 'same price', 'IPO price', 'unanimous vote', 'full liquidity', 'majority blocks', 'continued listing', 'associated risks', 'next phase', 'market consolidation', 'EQT X', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'press release', 'applicable regulations', 'financial point', 'ancillary items', 'particular impact', 'market opportunities', 'digital transformation', 'global player', 'digital world', 'competitive process', 'organized manner', 'central value', 'The Consortium', 'significant premium', 'development plan', 'slight premium', 'minority shareholders', 'major shareholders', 'historical shareholders', 'following terms', 'share price', 'external growth', 'growth prospects', 'share capital', 'Offer Price', 'competing offer', 'outstanding shares', 'shareholders’ interests', '50% premium', 'Believe', 'Board', 'members', 'Company', 'employees', 'investment', 'immediate', 'sellers', 'objective', 'potential', 'context', 'support', 'ability', 'Paris', '19 April', 'February', 'funds', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'filing', 'agreement', 'stakes', 'l.', 'Ventech', 'XAnge', 'ownership', 'squeeze', 'accordance', 'work', 'recommendation', 'conclusions', 'Ledouble', 'report', 'view', 'connection', 'line', 'strategy', 'employment', 'management', 'positioning', 'artists', 'ambition', 'technology', 'Offeror', 'discussions', 'note', 'fact', 'average', 'rumors', '19.50 euros', 'range', 'decision', '38.2']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
39601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/04/19/2865947/0/en/Favorable-reasoned-opinion-of-Believe-s-Board-of-directors.html,Favorable reasoned opinion of Believe’s Board of directors,Favorable reasoned opinionof Believe’s Board of directors     The Board of Directors rendered  with a unanimous vote from its members present or......,"Favorable reasoned opinionof Believe’s Board of directorsThe Board of Directors rendered  with a unanimous vote from its members present or represented 1   a favorable reasoned opinion on the Offer  considering that such Offer is in the interest of the Company  its shareholders and its employees in the following terms;In particular  the Board of Directors considered that the Offer is in the interests of minority shareholders wishing to realize their investment  by enabling them to benefit from immediate and full liquidity at a significant premium over the relevant stock price averages 2   and at the same price as that obtained by the sellers of majority blocks  and thus recommended that minority shareholders pursuing this objective tender their shares to the Offer;It also considered that the Offer was in the interests of shareholders who wished to remain associated with the Company’s potential  by enabling those who would decide not to tender their shares to the Offer to remain shareholders of the Company in the context of its continued listing  but thereby accepting to remain exposed to the associated risks;Finally  it considered that the Offer is in the interest of the Company and its employees  enabling the Company to benefit from the support of major shareholders aligned with its development plan and with the ability to support the Company in the next phase of growth and market consolidation.Paris  19 April 2024 – On February 11  2024  a Consortium formed by funds managed by TCV and EQT X  together with Denis Ladegaillerie  the Chairman and CEO of Believe (the “Company”)  made an offer to the Company to acquire all Believe’s outstanding shares  through the filing of public tender offer (the “Offer”)  at €15 per share (the “Offer Price”). The Offer was part of the Consortium’s agreement to acquire at the same price of €15 the stakes of TCV Luxco BD S.à r.l.  Ventech and XAnge  historical shareholders of Believe3 (the “Blocks Acquisitions”)4  bringing the Consortium’s ownership at 71.92% of the share capital. The Block Acquisitions remained subject to the required regulatory competition approvals (since obtained)  and to the Board of Directors rendering a favorable reasoned opinion.In a press release dated April 12  2024  the Consortium indicated that it no longer intended to request a squeeze-out following the Offer.The Board of Directors of the Company met on April 18  2024  to deliver its reasoned opinion on the Offer  in accordance with applicable regulations.The Board of Directors reviewed in particular (i) the work and recommendation of the Ad-Hoc Committee  composed of the three independent directors  (ii) the conclusions of Ledouble  appointed as independent expert on February 11  2024 (the “Independent Expert”)  whose report concludes that (y) the terms of the Offer are fair  from a financial point of view  for the shareholders voluntarily tendering their shares to the Offer and that (z) there are no ancillary items in connection with the Offer which could be detrimental to the shareholders’ interests.The Ad-Hoc Committee noted that the Offer is in line with the Company’s strategy and should have no particular impact on employment. The Offer is also in line with the strategy pursued by management while benefiting from the support of major shareholders aligned with its development plan and with the ability to support the Company in the next phase of growth and market consolidation. This should enable the Company to strengthen its positioning to seize market opportunities driven by the digital transformation of artists worldwide in the music and music publishing sectors  with the ambition of building a global player in independent music that relies on technology to adapt to the digital world.Regarding the Offer Price  the Ad-Hoc Committee noted  in particular  that it corresponds to the price negotiated by the Offeror with the sellers of majority blocks  following a competitive process and discussions with the Ad-Hoc Committee  and that no competing offer had materialized5.The Ad-Hoc Committee also took note of the fact that a shareholder of the Company wishing to sell its shares could do so in an organized manner  at a price offering premiums ranging from 38.2% (based on the average of the last 20 trading days6) to 52.2% (based on the average of the last 120 trading days7)  and a 50% premium over the share price before rumors8  while below the IPO price of 19.50 euros.The Ad-Hoc Committee noted  however  that while the Offer Price falls within the range of the Independent Expert’s intrinsic discounted cash flow analysis (between €13 and €20.20)  it represents a discount of 12.8% to the central value  which stands at €17.20 per share  but also a slight premium of 2.4% to the central value excluding external growth determined by the Independent Expert  which stands at €14.60 per share.The Consortium’s decision not to implement a squeeze-out following the Offer however allows shareholders who wish to do so  to remain invested in the Company’s development and growth prospects  and with the potential related value creation  it being specified that such shareholders would remain exposed to the Company’s risks -including the risk of a reduction in the liquidity of the shares depending on the number of shares tendered into the Offer- and to fluctuations in the share price.The Board of Directors has rendered  with a unanimous vote from its members present or represented9  a favorable reasoned opinion on the Offer  considering that such Offer is in the interest of the Company  its shareholders  and its employees.In particular  the Board of Directors considered that the Offer is in the interests of minority shareholders wishing to realize their investment  by enabling them to benefit from immediate and full liquidity at a significant premium over the relevant stock price averages10  and at the same price as that obtained by the sellers of majority blocks  and thus recommended that minority shareholders pursuing this objective tender their shares to the Offer.It also considered that the Offer was in the interests of shareholders who wished to remain associated with the Company’s potential  by enabling those who would decide not to tender their shares to the Offer to remain shareholders of the Company in the context of its continued listing  but thereby accepting to remain exposed to the associated risks.Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (""Citi"")  acting as financial adviser to the Company  confirmed to the Board of Directors that the Offer Price is fair  from a financial point of view  for the shareholders11.According to its press release of today  the Consortium has confirmed that  following the Board of Directors’ reasoned opinion  all conditions precedent of the Block Acquisitions have now been definitively fulfilled and that the transfer of these shares is therefore firm and irrevocable. The Consortium will therefore file its Offer in the coming days.The reasoned opinion of the Board of Directors and the report of the Independent Expert will be reproduced in full in the Company’s draft note in response  which will be filed concomitantly with the draft offer document of the Consortium. These documents will be filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers and subject to its clearance.* * *Citi  which is regulated by the European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – BaFin)  is acting as financial adviser exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Offer  and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to clients of Citi or its affiliates  nor for providing advice in relation to the Offer or any other matters or arrangements referred to herein.*****About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 919 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.comForward Looking statementThis press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the prospects and growth strategies of Believe and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). These statements include statements relating to the Group’s intentions  strategies  growth prospects  and trends in its results of operations  financial situation and liquidity. Although such statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers reasonable  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ from those anticipated in such statements due to a variety of factors  including those discussed in the Group’s filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which are available on the website of Believe (www.believe.com). Prospective information contained in this press release is given only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by law  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation to update its forward-looking statements in light of new information or future developments. Some of the financial information contained in this press release is not IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) accounting measures.Press contacts:believe@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton |+33 6 79 99 27 15Benoit Grange |+33 6 14 45 09 26Investor Relations contact:Emilie.megel@believe.comEmilie MEGEL| +33 6 07 09 98 601 It being specified that only the independent directors took part in the vote  the other directors being either related to the Consortium or related to shareholders who have agreed to transfer their shares to the Consortium.2 The Offer Price offers premiums ranging from 38.2% (based on the VWAP of the 20 trading days before February 9  2024 (last trading day before announcement)) to 52.2% (based on the VWAP of the 120 trading days before February 9  2024)  and a 50% premium over the share price before rumors (market price on December 4  2023).3 Holding respectively 41.14%  12.03% and 6.29% of Believe shares.4 In addition  Denis Ladegaillerie agreed to contribute a portion of his Company shares (representing 11.17% of the share capital) and to sell the remaining portion (representing 1.29% of the share capital) to the Consortium.5 In particular  Warner Music Group  after having access to a “data room”  decided not to make an offer for the Company.6 VWAP at February 9  2024 (last trading day before announcement).7 VWAP at February 9  2024 (last trading day before announcement).8 Market price on December 4  2023.9 It being specified that only the independent directors took part in the vote  the other directors being either related to the Consortium or related to shareholders who have agreed to transfer their shares to the Consortium.10 The Offer Price offers premiums ranging from 38.2% (based on the VWAP of the 20 trading days before February 9  2024 (last trading day before announcement)) to 52.2% (based on the VWAP of the 120 trading days before February 9  2024)  and a 50% premium over the share price before rumors (market price on December 4  2023).11 The financial opinion of Citi concluded that the Offer price is fair  from a financial point of view  to the shareholders of the Company (excluding Mr. Ladegaillerie and the sellers as part of the Block Trade) (it being specified that (x) such financial opinion is based on and subject to the various assumptions  caveats  and other limitations contained therein  and it does not constitute in any way a recommendation to the shareholders of the Company as to whether or not they should tender their securities to the Offer  (y) such financial opinion does not constitute  and is not intended to constitute  a ""fairness opinion""  and Citi shall not be considered as an “independent expert”  in each case within the meaning of the General Regulation of the AMF  and (z) such financial opinion is intended solely for the use and benefit of the members of the Board of Directors  and no other person may rely on it).Attachment",positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.23,0.36,True,English,"['Favorable reasoned opinion', 'Believe', 'Board', 'directors', 'intrinsic discounted cash flow analysis', 'TCV Luxco BD S.à r', 'regulatory competition approvals', 'last 20 trading days', 'last 120 trading days', 'Favorable reasoned opinion', 'The Block Acquisitions', 'relevant stock price', 'price offering premiums', 'music publishing sectors', 'The Ad-Hoc Committee', 'public tender offer', 'three independent directors', 'Blocks Acquisitions', 'independent expert', 'independent music', 'same price', 'IPO price', 'unanimous vote', 'full liquidity', 'majority blocks', 'continued listing', 'associated risks', 'next phase', 'market consolidation', 'EQT X', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'press release', 'applicable regulations', 'financial point', 'ancillary items', 'particular impact', 'market opportunities', 'digital transformation', 'global player', 'digital world', 'competitive process', 'organized manner', 'central value', 'The Consortium', 'significant premium', 'development plan', 'slight premium', 'minority shareholders', 'major shareholders', 'historical shareholders', 'following terms', 'share price', 'external growth', 'growth prospects', 'share capital', 'Offer Price', 'competing offer', 'outstanding shares', 'shareholders’ interests', '50% premium', 'Believe', 'Board', 'members', 'Company', 'employees', 'investment', 'immediate', 'sellers', 'objective', 'potential', 'context', 'support', 'ability', 'Paris', '19 April', 'February', 'funds', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'filing', 'agreement', 'stakes', 'l.', 'Ventech', 'XAnge', 'ownership', 'squeeze', 'accordance', 'work', 'recommendation', 'conclusions', 'Ledouble', 'report', 'view', 'connection', 'line', 'strategy', 'employment', 'management', 'positioning', 'artists', 'ambition', 'technology', 'Offeror', 'discussions', 'note', 'fact', 'average', 'rumors', '19.50 euros', 'range', 'decision', '38.2']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,globenewswire.com
39602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SODEXO-4703/news/Sodexo-announces-solid-H1-Fiscal-2024-results-46474406/,Sodexo announces solid H1 Fiscal 2024 results,(marketscreener.com)  Issy-les-Moulineaux  April 19  2024 Sodexo Sodexo announces solid H1 Fiscal 2024 results Organic Revenue growth +8.5%Underlying operating profit +16.9% at constant currencies  margin up +40 bpsFiscal 2024 guidance: Organic growth now exp…,"Issy-les-Moulineaux  April 19  2024Sodexo (Euronext Paris FR 0000121220-OTC: SDXAY)Sodexo announces solid H1 Fiscal 2024 resultsOrganic Revenue growth +8.5%Underlying operating profit +16.9% at constant currencies  margin up +40 bpsFiscal 2024 guidance: Organic growth now expected at the top of the +6% to +8% range Underlying operating profit margin improvement confirmed at +30 to +40 bps  at constant currenciesAt the Board of Directors meeting held on April 18  2024  chaired by Sophie Bellon  the Board closed the Consolidated accounts for the First half Fiscal 2024 ended February 29  2024.First half Fiscal 2024 key figures(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2024 H1 FISCAL 2023 RESTATED DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE CONSTANT RATES Revenues 12 101 11 581 +4.5% +7.8% Organic revenue growth +8.5% +12.9% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 612 545 +12.3% +16.9% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN 5.1% 4.7% +40bps +40bps Other operating income & expenses 30 (36) OPERATING PROFIT 642 509 +26.1% +30.1% Net financial expense (46) (43) Tax charge (99) (122) Effective tax rate 16.6% 26.2% NET PROFIT FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 496 339 +46.3% +50.5% Basic EPS from continuing operations (in euros) 3.39 2.32 UNDERLYING NET PROFIT FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 427 370 +15.4% +21.0% Basic underlying EPS from continuing operations (in euros) 2.91 2.53For more detail on the Group Net Profit including discontinued operations  please refer to section 1.2.6 of the Financial Report.Sodexo Chairwoman and CEO  Sophie Bellon  said:“The spin-off of Pluxee has been successfully completed. Sodexo is now a pure-player in Food and Facilities Management services!We are making progress in transforming our Food services  developing our branded offers  boosting our convenience activity and enhancing our purchasing  particularly in North America. Our organization has been considerably simplified and streamlined: we are gaining in agility.The first half performance is solid. Organic growth is robust and the margin is up +40bps. Net new business momentum is also solid with a further improvement in retention.We are progressing towards our ambition to be the world leader in sustainable food and valued experiences. I would like to thank all our teams  who have worked so hard to execute the spin-off of Pluxee while delivering a solid operational performance!”Solid set of First half Fiscal 2024 ResultsFirst half Fiscal 2024 consolidated revenues were at 12.1 billion euros  up +4.5% year-on-year. Acquisitions and disposals impacted growth by -0.7%  linked to the sale of the Homecare activities in October only very partially offset by some bolt-on acquisitions  particularly in North America convenience. The negative currency impact amounted to -3.3%. As a result  organic revenue growth was +8.5%.This organic growth was fueled by pricing for about half and net new business and some volume growth for the other half.By geography:North America achieved organic growth of +10.0%; Europe was up +8.0%  boosted 80bps by the Rugby World Cup  in the first quarter; Rest of the World was up +5.7%  impacted by an accounting change for project works in a large contract. Excluding this  organic growth of the zone was +8.4%.Food services organic growth  at +10.7%  continued to outperform FM services  at +4.5%.Underlying operating profit was 612 million euros  up +12.3%  or +16.9% at constant currencies. The Underlying operating margin was up +40 bps at 5.1%.was 612 million euros  up +12.3%  or +16.9% at constant currencies. The Underlying operating margin was up +40 bps at 5.1%. Other operating income & expenses amounted to a positive 30 million euros  with the gain on the sale of the Homecare services more than offsetting restructuring  spin-off costs and amortization of acquisition-related assets.amounted to a positive 30 million euros  with the gain on the sale of the Homecare services more than offsetting restructuring  spin-off costs and amortization of acquisition-related assets. Operating profit was up +26.1%  or +30.1% at constant currencies  at 642 million euros compared to 509 million euros in the previous year.was up +26.1%  or +30.1% at constant currencies  at 642 million euros compared to 509 million euros in the previous year. Net financial expense was 46 million euros against 43 million euros in the previous year.was 46 million euros against 43 million euros in the previous year. The Effective tax rate was at 16.6% against 26.2% in the previous year mainly due to the non-taxable capital gain on the Homecare disposal  as well as the utilization of previously unrecognized tax assets due to better results in France.was at 16.6% against 26.2% in the previous year mainly due to the non-taxable capital gain on the Homecare disposal  as well as the utilization of previously unrecognized tax assets due to better results in France. Group net profit from continuing activities was up +46.3% to 496 million euros. Underlying net profit adjusted for Other Operating income and expenses net of tax amounted to 427 million euros  up +15.4%.was up +46.3% to 496 million euros. Underlying net profit adjusted for Other Operating income and expenses net of tax amounted to 427 million euros  up +15.4%. Free cash flow in the first half was a seasonal negative -102 million euros  an improvement relative to the -236 million euros in First half Fiscal 2023. Net capital expenditure ( 1 ) was stable at 246 million euros  representing 2% of revenues.in the first half was a seasonal negative -102 million euros  an improvement relative to the -236 million euros in First half Fiscal 2023. Net capital expenditure was stable at 246 million euros  representing 2% of revenues. Net debt increased to 3.4 billion euros up from 2.9 billion euros at the end of Fiscal 2023(2) due to the seasonality of cash movements. Given the year-on-year increase in EBITDA  the Net debt to EBITDA ratio(1) is 2.3x  up only 0.1x since year end  and well below the level at the end of First half Fiscal 2023 of 3.2x.Commercial momentumDuring First half Fiscal 2024  last-12-months (LTM) net new development signed increased to 2.4%  up from 2.2% at year end Fiscal 2023 due to: LTM client retention of 95.5%  another record for Sodexo; LTM development of 6.8%  slightly short of the 7-8% expected range for the year due to phasing.increased to 2.4%  up from 2.2% at year end Fiscal 2023 due to:Leading the way in sustainabilitySodexo has been strengthening its approach by:Accelerating the global deployment of its Zero Harm Mindset Program with already more than 6 000 employees trained (representing 38 000 hours of training).Progressing on client adoption of its low carbon meals strategy: In the United States  Sodexo has massively expanded its DefaultVeg offer at college dining halls  encouraging students to choose one of the two plant-based meal options. NYC Health + Hospitals and Sodexo celebrated over 1.2 million plant-based meals served since March 2022  beneficial for patient health and the environment. Following the successful pilots in Continental Europe  Sodexo is accelerating the deployment of its Sustainable Culinary Masterclass  inspiring its chefs and teams to innovate and introduce more sustainable ingredients.Once again Sodexo’s continued progress has been recognized externally as it is the only Food services company included in:the “2024 World’s Most Ethical Companies ® ” by Ethisphere   a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices  acknowledging companies demonstrating business integrity through best-in-class policies and practices;  a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices  acknowledging companies demonstrating business integrity through best-in-class policies and practices; the prestigious A-list of the CDP climate ranking  which confirms the progress achieved by Sodexo on its climate ambition  both in performance and transparency.Pluxee spin-off completed successfullyThe Pluxee spin-off took place on February 1  2024 in line with the plans laid out a year ago.Sodexo has become a pure-player in Food and FM services. The operating performance has remained on track throughout the process.OutlookGiven the solid commercial momentum  some ongoing volume growth  the contribution of the Paris Olympics and Paralympics Games in the fourth quarter  and pricing expected at close to +4% for the full year  Fiscal 2024 guidance is:Organic revenue growth now expected at the top of the +6% to +8% range.Underlying operating profit margin improvement confirmed at +30 to +40 bps  at constant currencies.Conference callSodexo will hold a conference call (in English) today at 9:45 a.m. (Paris time)  8:45 a.m. (London time) to comment on its First half Fiscal 2024 results.Those who wish to connect:From the UK: +44 121 281 8004  orFrom France: +33 1 70 91 87 04  orFrom the US: +1 718 705 8796 Followed by the access code 07 26 13.The live audio webcast will be available on www.sodexo.comThe press release  presentation and webcast will be available on the Group website www.sodexo.com in both the “Newsroom” section and the “Investors – Financial Results” section.Financial calendarFiscal 2024 Third quarter Revenues July 2  2024 Fiscal 2024 Annual Results October 24  2024 Fiscal 2024 Annual Shareholders Meeting December 17  2024These dates are indicative and may be subject to change without notice.Regular updates are available in the calendar on our website www.sodexo.comAbout SodexoFounded in Marseille in 1966 by Pierre Bellon  Sodexo is the global leader in sustainable food and valued experiences at every moment in life: learn  work  heal and play. The Group stands out for its independence  its founding family shareholding and its responsible business model. Thanks to its two activities of Food and Facilities Management Services  Sodexo meets all the challenges of everyday life with a dual goal: to improve the quality of life of our employees and those we serve  and contribute to the economic  social and environmental progress in the communities where we operate. For Sodexo  growth and social commitment go hand in hand. Our purpose is to create a better everyday for everyone to build a better life for all.Sodexo is included in the CAC Next 20  Bloomberg France 40  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5  FTSE 4 Good and DJSI indices.Key figures22.6 billion euros Fiscal 2023 consolidated revenues430 000 employees as at August 31  2023#1 France-based private employer worldwide45 countries80 million consumers served daily11.4 billion euros in market capitalization(as at April 18  2024)Contacts Analysts and Investors Media Virginia Jeanson+33 1 57 75 80 56virginia.jeanson@sodexo.com Mathieu Scaravetti+33 6 28 62 21 91mathieu.scaravetti@sodexo.comFirst half Fiscal 2024 Financial Report1.1 Changes in financial disclosure from H1 Fiscal 2024Following the Pluxee spin-off  Sodexo is now a pure player in Food and FM services. In order to better reflect the Group's performance  to provide more clarity and to ease the comparability with its main peers  the Group has decided to make the following changes to its financial disclosure:First half Retention and Development KPIs are now presented on a last 12 months (LTM) basis  previously provided on a six months basis. In the breakdown of revenues by segment within each geography  the Sports & Leisure segment  operated under the Sodexo Live! brand  previously grouped within the Business & Administrations segment  is now presented separately. Definitions of Operating cash flow  Net Capex and EBITDA have been adjusted: Client Investment amortization  which is accounted for  in the P&L  as a reduction to Revenue (as per IFRS15)  previously neutralized in Free Cash Flow within Net Capex  is now is neutralized within Operating cash flow and EBITDA;New definition of Net Capex includes (i) acquisition of PPE and intangible assets  (ii) new Client Investments and (iii) Disposal of assets  as before  but no longer includes the neutralization of client investment amortization;EBITDA is now defined as Underlying operating profit excluding both underlying Depreciation & amortization and Client investment amortization  and including Lease payments.FIRST HALF FISCAL 2024(in million euros) PREVIOUS DEFINITIONS Client Investments amortization NEW DEFINITIONS Operating Cash Flow 664 75 739 Net Capex (171) (75) (246) EBITDA - 6M 735 75 810 EBITDA - 12M Rolling 1 278 150 1 428 Net debt 3 352 3 352 Net debt / EBITDA (12M Rolling) 2.6x 2.3x1.2 H1 Fiscal 2024 performance1.2.1 Consolidated income statement from continuing operations(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2024 H1 FISCAL 2023 RESTATED DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE CONSTANT RATES Revenue 12 101 11 581 +4.5% +7.8% Organic Growth +8.5% +12.9% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 612 545 +12.3% +16.9% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN 5.1% 4.7% +40 bps +40 bps Other operating income & expenses 30 (36) OPERATING PROFIT 642 509 +26.1% +30.1% Net financial expense (46) (43) Tax charge (99) (122) Effective tax rate(1) 16.6% 26.2% NET PROFIT FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS(2) 496 339 +46.3% +50.5% Basic EPS from continuing operations (in euros) 3.39 2.32 UNDERLYING NET PROFIT FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 427 370 +15.4% +21.0% Basic underlying EPS from continuing operations (in euros) 2.91 2.53(1) Pre-tax profit excluding share of profit from Equity method was 595 million euros in First half Fiscal 2024 and 465 millions euros in First half Fiscal 2023.(2) Profit attributable to non-controlling interests were 4 million euros in First half Fiscal 2024 and 5 million euros in First half Fiscal 2023.1.2.2 RevenuesREVENUES BY ZONESREVENUES(in million euros) H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 ORGANIC GROWTH EXTERNAL GROWTH CURRENCY EFFECT TOTAL GROWTH North America 5 756 5 499 +10.0 % -0.1 % -5.2 % +4.7 % Europe 4 254 4 027 +8.0 % -1.7 % -0.7 % +5.6 % Rest of the World 2 091 2 055 +5.7 % -0.7 % -3.3 % +1.7 % SODEXO 12 101 11 581 +8.5 % -0.7 % -3.3 % +4.5 %First half Fiscal 2024 Sodexo revenues totaled 12.1 billion euros  up +4.5% year-on-year including a negative currency impact of -3.3%  resulting from the appreciation of the euro against most currencies from the start of calendar year 2023  and a net contribution from acquisitions and disposals of -0.7%. Consequently  First half Fiscal 2024 organic growth was +8.5%.The underlying dynamic in the second quarter was similar to the first quarter  with strong activity in all segments and geographies  particularly in North America  where organic growth reached +10.0%. Europe was up +8.0%  boosted 80bps by the Rugby World Cup in the first quarter. Rest of the World was up +5.7%  impacted by an accounting change for project works in a large contract. Excluding this  organic growth of the zone was +8.4%.The most significant drivers of organic growth continue to be increased attendance  new business and pricing.Price adjustments averaged close to +4.5% for the First half  progressively declining  in line with the softening of food inflation.Organic growth in the First half was driven by Food services  up +10.7% organically  whereas FM services were up +4.5%.Net new development has shown a steady improvement  reaching 2.4% on a last 12 months basis (LTM) as of the end of February:LTM client retention reached a new record of 95.5%;LTM development of 6.8%  slightly short of the 7-8% expected range for the year due to phasing.North AmericaREVENUESREVENUES BY SEGMENT(in million euros) H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH(2) Business & Administrations(1) 1 470 1 884 +13.2 % Sodexo Live! 676 — +23.3 % Healthcare & Seniors 1 687 1 722 +6.3 % Education 1 923 1 893 +7.0 % NORTH AMERICA TOTAL 5 756 5 499 +10.0 %(1) From H1 FY24  Business & Administrations excludes Sodexo Live!  reported separately.(2) As part of the streamlining of the organization during Fiscal 2023  some contracts or operations have been reallocated between segments.First half Fiscal 2024 North America revenues totaled 5.8 billion euros  up +10.0% organically. This strong growth was driven by the contribution of new business and some volume growth as well as a pricing impact of just below +4%.Restated organic growth in Business & Administrations (excl. Sodexo Live!) reached +13.2%  driven by the contribution of new business  strong growth in food services from continued return to office and cross-sales  as well as project works and strong retail sales growth. Entegra revenue growth was also accretive.Sodexo Live! restated organic growth was +23.3%  driven by robust activity in all venues  and in particular strong per capita spend in sports stadiums. Airport lounges activity also grew strongly with increased passenger count  added scope and mobilization of new business.Healthcare & Seniors restated organic growth was +6.3%  with good performance in Healthcare through a combination of price increases  volume  retail growth and favorable net new contribution. This growth was somewhat offset by a negative contribution in Seniors due to the impact of sites lost at the end of the prior fiscal year.Education restated organic revenue growth was +7.0%  benefiting from price increases as well as growth in meal count  retail and catering events.EuropeREVENUES BY SEGMENT(in million euros) H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH(2) Business & Administrations(1) 2 356 2 632 +6.3 % Sodexo Live! 324 — +25.4 % Healthcare & Seniors 950 1 009 +7.8 % Education 624 386 +7.3 % EUROPE TOTAL 4 254 4 027 +8.0 %(1) From H1 FY24  Business & Administrations excludes Sodexo Live!  reported separately.(2) As part of the streamlining of the organization during Fiscal 2023  some contracts or operations have been reallocated between segments.In Europe  First half Fiscal 2024 revenues amounted to 4.3 billion euros  up +8.0% organically  or +7.2% excluding the Rugby World Cup  driven by increased food services volume and pricing of around +5%.Business & Administrations (excl. Sodexo Live!) restated organic growth was +6.3%. This was supported by Corporate services benefiting from both price increases and higher attendance  coupled with new business in Government in the United Kingdom.Sodexo Live! restated organic growth stood at +25.4%  or +12.5% excluding the Rugby World Cup. The growth was primarily driven by improved attendance and pricing in sports and cultural destinations in France  in particular the restaurants in the Eiffel Tower  by increased volumes in the United Kingdom in airport lounges  as activity was only just starting to pick-up in early Fiscal 2023 post-pandemic  and stadiums  helped by price increases.Healthcare & Seniors restated organic growth stood at +7.8%  driven by new business particularly in Spain and inflation pass-through in the United Kingdom  as well as favorable volumes and price revisions in Seniors in France.Education restated organic revenue growth was +7.3%  reflecting the significant positive impact of price revisions  and a favorable working days impact.Rest of the WorldREVENUES BY SEGMENT(in million euros) H1 FY 2024 H1 FY 2023 RESTATED ORGANIC GROWTH(2) Business & Administrations(1) 1 820 1 839 +5.1 % Sodexo Live! 22 — +195.6 % Healthcare & Seniors 170 168 +1.4 % Education 79 48 +10.5 % REST OF THE WORLD TOTAL 2 091 2 055 +5.7 %(1) From H1 FY24  Business & Administrations excludes Sodexo Live!  reported separately.(2) As part of the streamlining of the organization during Fiscal 2023  some contracts or operations have been reallocated between segments.Rest of the World First half Fiscal 2024 revenues amounted to 2.1 billion euros  up +5.7% organically  impacted by the change in revenue recognition in Energy & Resources. Excluding this impact  the organic growth was +8.4%  including pricing of around +4.5%.Business & Administrations (excl. Sodexo Live!) restated organic growth was +5.1%  or +8.3% excluding the accounting change. Growth in food in India has continued to be very strong  driven by both new and existing business  and in Australia with a pricing catch-up and new openings in mining. Brazil and Latin America are still growing high single digit  although with a slight deceleration in the second quarter due to a lower pricing impact and a slowing market. This performance was slightly offset by a modest growth in China due to the economic slowdown leading to restructuring and site closures last year.Sodexo Live! revenues (principally airport lounges) tripled as Covid restrictions in airlines were lifted only from January 2023 and due to the opening of new lounges in Hong Kong.Healthcare & Seniors restated organic growth was +1.4%  with regular strong growth in India  a significant pick-up in growth in Latin America  offset by slow growth in China and the impact of the exit of low-performing contracts in Brazil during the second quarter last year.Education restated organic growth was +10.5%  fueled by strong growth in China coming from a lower starting point last year due to school closures  and sustained growth in Brazil and India  boosted by both new business and ramp ups in existing sites.1.2.3 Underlying operating profit(in million euros) UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT H1 FISCAL 2024 DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE (EXCLUDING CURRENCY EFFECT) UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN H1 FISCAL 2024 DIFFERENCE IN MARGIN DIFFERENCE IN MARGIN (EXCLUDING CURRENCY MIX EFFECT) North America 395 +8.2% +14.1% 6.9% +30 bps +30 bps Europe 180 +14.6% +16.0% 4.2% +30 bps +30 bps Rest of the World 80 +12.7% +14.1% 3.8% +30 bps +30 bps UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT BEFORE CORPORATE COSTS 655 +10.5% +14.6% 5.4% +30 bps +30 bps Corporate expenses (43) -10.4% -10.4% UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT (continuing activities) 612 +12.3% +16.9% 5.1% +40 bps +40 bpsFirst half Fiscal 2024 Underlying operating profit was 612 million euros  up +12.3%  and +16.9% excluding the currency effect. The Underlying operating margin  including Corporate expenses  was up +40 bps at 5.1%.This significant improvement stemmed partially from effective management of inflation through better pricing and continued close management of procurement  in a decelerating food cost inflation environment.The margin improvement was also due to enhanced on site productivity notably attributed to the deployment of branded offers  supply efficiencies  standardization and optimized staff allocation  as well as healthy net new wins coming from higher retention rate and quality signatures.Finally  disciplined above-site cost management contributed to the year-on-year margin increase.The performance by zone is as follows:North America Underlying operating profit increased +8.2%  or +14.1% excluding the currency effect  and the margin was up +30 bps at 6.9%  fueled by operating leverage from higher revenue  focus on labor efficiency and Entegra volume growth. Margin was also helped by a more favorable operating environment characterized by much lower food inflation.Underlying operating profit increased +8.2%  or +14.1% excluding the currency effect  and the margin was up +30 bps at 6.9%  fueled by operating leverage from higher revenue  focus on labor efficiency and Entegra volume growth. Margin was also helped by a more favorable operating environment characterized by much lower food inflation. Europe Underlying operating profit was up +14.6%  or +16.0% excluding the currency effect  and the margin was up +30bps at 4.2%. This was due to inflation mitigation measures and SKU reduction combined with the softening of cost inflation and price revisions  particularly in the public sector in France  Belgium and Italy.Underlying operating profit was up +14.6%  or +16.0% excluding the currency effect  and the margin was up +30bps at 4.2%. This was due to inflation mitigation measures and SKU reduction combined with the softening of cost inflation and price revisions  particularly in the public sector in France  Belgium and Italy. Rest of the World Underlying operating profit was up +12.7% or +14.1% excluding the currency effect  and the margin was up +30 bps at 3.8%  with improvements in all geographies driven by higher revenues and cost control  as well as successful price negotiations especially in Australia  and turnaround and/or exit of underperforming contracts in Brazil and in the Middle-East.1.2.4 Net profit from continuing operations(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2024 H1 FISCAL 2023 RESTATED UNDERLYING OPERATING PROFIT 612 545 Net impact related to consolidation scope changes 83 1 Restructuring and rationalization costs (15) (8) Amortization of purchased intangible assets (17) (18) Other (21) (11) OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES 30 (36) OPERATING PROFIT 642 509 Net financial expense (46) (43) Net income before tax & shares accounted for equity method 595 465 Tax charge (99) (122) NET PROFIT FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (GROUP SHARE) 496 339 UNDERLYING NET PROFIT FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (GROUP SHARE) 427 370Other operating income and expenses amounted to 30 million euros compared to -36 million euros in the previous year. The main elements of the period were the 83 million euros net gain related to scope changes  principally the disposal of the Homecare business in October 2023  the spin-off costs of Pluxee for 16 million euros and restructuring costs of 15 million euros.As a result  the Operating Profit was 642 million euros compared to 509 million euros in the previous year.Net Financial expenses in First half Fiscal 2024 were up 3 million euros at 46 million euros. Gross interest on the bonds was more or less neutral as higher dollar floating rates offset the effect of the reimbursement of two bonds in November 2023 and January 2024 which were both at very low interest rates.The First half Fiscal 2024 effective tax rate was at 16.6%  well below the 26.2% in the previous year. This decrease is principally explained by the capital gain on the sale of the Homecare activity which had no tax impact  as well as the utilization of previously unrecognized tax assets due to better results in France.First half Fiscal 2024 Net profit from continuing activities was up +46.3% to 496 million euros  compared to 339 million euros in the previous year. Underlying net profit from continuing activities adjusted for Other Operating income and expenses net of tax amounted to 427 million euros  compared to 370 million euros in the previous year  up +15.4%.1.2.5 Earnings per share from continuing operationsFirst half Fiscal 2024 EPS from continuing activities was 3.39 euros against 2.32 euros in the previous year. The weighted average number of shares for Fiscal 2024 was more or less stable at 146 445 700 compared to 146 147 666 shares for First half Fiscal 2023.Underlying EPS amounted to 2.91 euros  up +15.0% compared to the previous year.1.2.6 Net profit from discontinued operations (Pluxee)(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2024 H1 FISCAL 2023 RESTATED Group Net Profit from continuing operations 496 339 Group Net Profit from discontinued operations (570) 101 GROUP NET PROFIT (Group share) (74) 440First half Fiscal 2024 Net profit from discontinued operations amounts to -570 million euros  against +101 million euros in the previous year (restated). This result is composed of:Pluxee's contribution to the Group's Net income under IFRS 5 for 97 million euros  reflecting Pluxee's performance over the five-month period leading up to the spin-off  spanning from September 1  2023 to January 31  2024  adjusted for IFRS 5 impacts (in particular  the neutralization of depreciation). A provision related to the anti-trust fine (fully paid before the end of Fiscal 2023) following the decision of the Paris Court of Appeal in November 2023  of -127 million euros. The impact of the recycling of the currency translation adjustment reserves linked to Pluxee for -540 million euros as of January 31  2024. Sodexo has elected to account for the demerger using Pluxee’s Net Book Value. Therefore  the deconsolidation does not generate any loss or gain in the consolidated income statement as of February 29  2024  except for the negative impact of the recycling of the currency translation adjustment reserves  mainly from the Brazilian Real and Venezuelan Bolivar. This non-cash loss was purely technical  with no impact on Sodexo’s equity  cashflow or dividend distribution capacity.None of these items will impact the Fiscal 2024 dividend as the pay-out ratio will be based on the Underlying net profit of Sodexo continuing activities only.1.3 Consolidated financial positionAs a consequence of the spin-off  Pluxee's assets and liabilities  including the cash  have been deconsolidated as of January 31  2024. The cash flows generated by Pluxee between the start of the Fiscal Year until the spin-off are reported as cash flow from discontinued operations.1.3.1 Cash flows from continuing operationsCash flows from continuing operations for the period were as follows:(in million euros) H1 FISCAL 2024 H1 FISCAL 2023 Operating cash flow(1) 739 733 Change in working capital (513) (624) IFRS 16 outflow (82) (98) Net capital expenditure (including new client investments) (246) (247) Free cash flow(2) (102) (236) Net acquisitions 100 (11) Share buy-backs (26) (57) Dividends paid to shareholders (456) (352) Other changes (including scope and exchange rates) 50 95 (Increase)/decrease in net debt (434) (561)(1) The difference with the Operating Cash Flow as presented in the consolidated cash flow statement (section 2.1.4) comes from the new client investments  presented in this table within Net Capex (within Operating Cash flow in the cash flow statement  under ""change in client investments"").(2) The Group does not believe the accounting treatment introduced by IFRS 16 modifies the operating nature of its lease transactions. Accordingly  to ensure the Group’s performance measures continue to best reflect its operating performance  the Group considers repayments of lease liabilities as operating items impacting the Free cash flow  which integrates all lease payments (fixed or variable). To be consistent  the lease liabilities are not included in Net debt (treated as operating items).First half Fiscal 2024 Free cash outflow was -102 million euros against -236 million euros in the previous period.First half Fiscal 2024 Operating cash flow slightly improved at 739 million euros against 733 million euros in the previous period as a result of the increase in operating profit  offset by the unfavorable variation of income tax paid due to significant positive prior year one-offs.The change in working capital in the first half was a seasonal negative 513 million euros  improved from the negative 624 million euros in First half Fiscal 2023.Net capital expenditure  including new client investments  was stable at 246 million euros  or 2% of revenues  with higher capex to sales ratio expected in the second half due to the timing of investments.Acquisitions net of disposals amounted to an inflow of 100 million euros resulting from the disposal of the Homecare business  offset somewhat by some acquisitions mainly in the Convenience activity in North America.The Fiscal 2023 dividend payment amounted to 456 million euros compared to 352 million euros in the previous year  reflecting the 29% increase in the dividend per share.After taking into account Other changes  consolidated net debt increased by 434 million euros during the First half to reach 3 352 million euros at February 29  2024.1.3.2 Acquisitions and disposals for the periodFirst half Fiscal 2024 was marked by the spin-off and listing of Pluxee on February 1  2024.Other consolidated scope changes of the First half 2024 included:the disposal of non-core activities  mainly the Homecare business  completed in October 2023;some targeted acquisitions  of which three in North America in the convenience business  and one in urban food services in Sweden.Disposals net of acquisitions amounted to 100 million euros.1.3.3 Condensed consolidated statement of financial position at February 29  2024(in million euros) FEBRUARY 29  2024 AUGUST 31  2023 ADJUSTED (1) (in million euros) FEBRUARY 29  2024 AUGUST 31  2023 ADJUSTED (1) Non-current assets 9 470 9 406 Shareholders’ equity 4 413 4 542 Current assets excluding cash 4 672 4 044 Non-controlling interests 17 12 Non-current liabilities 6 159 6 440 Interco loans / deposits with Pluxee 1 215 Cash & cash equivalent 1 454 1 455 Current liabilities 5 007 5 481 Assets held for sale or for distribution 5 889 Liabilities held for sale or for distribution 5 534 TOTAL ASSETS 15 596 22 009 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 15 596 22 009(1) As of August 31  2023  in order to project the post spin-off financial position  in this table intragoup loans and deposits between Sodexo and Pluxee were not eliminated (on the one hand 1 215 million euros loan from Sodexo to Pluxee  presented in this table in Assets  into ""interco loans / deposits with Pluxee"" with counterpart in ""Liabilities held for sale""  and on the other hand deposits from Pluxee in Sodexo cash-pooling for 570 millions euros  presented in the table in Assets as a reduction of Cash with counterpart in ""Assets held for sale""). These restatements explain the gaps with the Consolidated financial position in note 4.1.3  in which intragroup loans were eliminated. Moreover  these intragroup loans were considered as settled as at August 31  2023  and thus are part of the net debt calculation  as they have been settled just prior to the listing date of Pluxee.The decrease in Shareholder's equity is the result of Pluxee's deconsolidation on February 1  2024.Assets and Liabilities held for sale or distribution were nil as of February 29  2024  following the spin-off of Pluxee and the disposal of the Homecare entities.(in million euros) FEBRUARY 29  2024 AUGUST 31  2023 ADJUSTED1 FEBRUARY 28  2023 ADJUSTED1 Gross borrowings 4 797 5 588 5 632 Net debt 3 352 2 918 4 069 Gearing ratio 75.7% 64.1% 99.3% Net Debt ratio (Net debt/EBITDA2) 2.3x 2.2x 3.2x(1) Net debt as of February 28  2023 and August 31  2023 were adjusted to exclude Pluxee and to reflect the post-spin-off financial position  with intragroup loans and deposits with Pluxee considered as settled.(2) For the new definition of EBITDA  please refer to the Alternative Performance Measure in section 1.3.6As of February 29  2024  net debt was 3 352 million euros  up from 2 918 million euros at the end of Fiscal 2023 (adjusted)  reflecting the typical seasonality of cash flow with dividend payment in the First half and seasonal working capital requirements. Given the year-on-year increase in EBITDA  the increase in net debt to EBITDA ratio since year end is limited to 0.1x  at 2.3x  and well below the levels at the end of First half Fiscal 2023 of 3.2x.During the period  two bonds were reimbursed: 300 million euros  due May 2025  carrying an interest rate of 1.125% in November 2023  and 500 million euros due in January 2024  carrying an interest rate of 0.50%. As a result  the average interest rate on the bonds at the end of the First half Fiscal 2024 was at 1.9%  against 1.7% at the end of August 2023.As of February 29  2024  the Group's gross debt of 4 797 million euros was 67% euro-denominated  24% dollar-denominated and 8% sterling-denominated  with an average maturity of 3.7 years  94% at fixed rates and 100% covenant free.Operating cash reached a total of 1 445 million euros.At the end of the First half Fiscal 2024  the Group had unused credit lines totaled 1.6 billion euros.1.3.4 Subsequent eventsNo major events have occurred since the closing of the period.1.3.5 Currency effectExchange rate fluctuations do not generate operational risks  because each subsidiary bills its revenues and incurs its expenses in the same currency.1€= AVERAGE RATEH1 FY 2024 AVERAGE RATEH1 FY 2023 AVERAGE RATEH1 FY 2024VS. H1 FY 2023 CLOSING RATEAT 02/29/24 CLOSING RATEAT 08/31/23 CLOSING RATE02/29/2024VS. 08/31/2023 U.S. dollar 1.082 1.031 -4.7 % 1.083 1.087 +0.4 % Pound Sterling 0.864 0.874 +1.2 % 0.857 0.857 +0.1 % Brazilian real 5.364 5.417 +1.0 % 5.405 5.308 -1.8 %The negative currency impact for First half Fiscal 2024 of -3.3% results from the appreciation of the Euro notably compared to the US Dollar  the Australian Dollar  the Chinese Renminbi  the Indian Rupee and the Chilean Peso.Sodexo operates in 45 countries. The percentage of total revenues and underlying operating profit denominated in the main currencies during the First half Fiscal 2024 are as follows:H1 FISCAL 2024 % OF REVENUES % OF UNDERLYINGOPERATING PROFIT U.S. dollar 45 % 67 % Euro 23 % 4 % UK pound Sterling 8 % 7 % Brazilian real 4 % 4 %The currency effect is determined by applying the previous year’s average exchange rates to the current year figures.1.3.6 Alternative Performance Measure definitionsBlended cost of debtThe blended cost of debt is calculated at period end and is the weighted blended financing rate on borrowings (including derivative financial instruments and commercial papers) and cash-pooling balances at period end.Financial ratios definitionFIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 RESTATED FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 Gearing ratioBorrowings (1) – operating cash (2) 75.7% 99.3% Shareholders’ equity and non-controlling interests Net debt ratioBorrowings (1) – operating cash (2) 2.3 3.2 Rolling 12-month (Underlying) EBITDA (3)Financial ratios reconciliationFIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 RESTATED FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 (1) Borrowings Long-term borrowings 4 748 5 086 + Short-term borrowings 52 548 - Derivative financial instruments recognized as assets (3) (3) BORROWINGS 4 797 5 632 (2) Operating cashCash and cash equivalents 1 454 1 457 Pluxee deposits (490) + Internal loans/deposits with Pluxee 603 Bank overdrafts (9) (7) OPERATING CASH 1 445 1 563 (3) Rolling 12-month (Underlying) EBITDA(1) Underlying operating profit (RTM) 1 043 928 + Depreciation and amortization (RTM) 431 419 + Client investments amortization (RTM) 150 127 Lease payments (RTM) (197) (204) Rolling 12-month (UNDERLYING) EBITDA 1 428 1 271(1) For the sake of simplification  the term EBITDA is used in reference to Underlying EBITDA.Note: Rolling 12-month (RTM) EBITDA excluding lease payments would be 1 625 million euros for First half Fiscal 2024  compared to 1 475 million euros for First half Fiscal 2023.Free cash flowPlease refer to the section entitled Consolidated financial position.Growth excluding currency effectThe currency effect is determined by applying the previous year’s average exchange rates to the current year figures except in hyper-inflationary economies where all figures are converted at the latest closing rate for both periods when the impact is significant.Net debtNet debt is defined as Group borrowing at the balance sheet date  less operating cash.Organic growthOrganic growth corresponds to the increase in revenue for a given period (the “current period”) compared to the revenue reported for the same period of the prior fiscal year  calculated using the exchange rate for the prior fiscal year; and excluding the impact of business acquisitions (or gain of control) and divestments  as follows:for businesses acquired (or gain of control) during the current period  revenue generated since the acquisition date is excluded from the organic growth calculation;for businesses acquired (or gain of control) during the prior fiscal year  revenue generated during the current period up until the first anniversary date of the acquisition is excluded;for businesses divested (or loss of control) during the prior fiscal year  revenue generated in the comparative period of the prior fiscal year until the divestment date is excluded;for businesses divested (or loss of control) during the current fiscal year  revenue generated in the period commencing 12 months before the divestment date up to the end of the comparative period of the prior fiscal year is excluded.Underlying net profitUnderlying Net profit is defined as Net profit excluding significant unusual and/or infrequent elements and corresponds to the Net Income Group share excluding Other Income and Expense after tax  as well as significant non-recurring elements in both Net Financial Expense and Income Tax Expense where relevant.Underlying net profit per shareUnderlying Net profit per share presents the Underlying net profit divided by the average number of shares.Underlying operating profit marginThe underlying operating profit margin corresponds to Underlying operating profit divided by revenues.Underlying operating profit margin at constant ratesThe Underlying operating profit margin at constant rates corresponds to Underlying operating profit divided by revenues  calculated by converting 2024 figures at Fiscal 2023 rates  except for countries with hyperinflationary economies.New segment reporting following evolution of the organizationAs part of the streamlining of the organization  from Fiscal 2024  some contracts or operations have been reallocated between segments  with main impacts in Europe from Healthcare & Seniors to Education.Restated revenue breakdown for Fiscal 2023:REVENUES(in million euros)Fiscal 2023 Q1 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2023 Q4 2023 Published Restated Published Restated Published Restated Published Restated Published Restated North America 10 479 10 479 2 992 2 992 2 506 2 506 2 658 2 658 2 322 2 322 Business & Administrations 3 865 2 723 1 009 699 874 641 959 679 1 023 704 Sodexo Live!(1) -- 1 184 -- 327 -- 248 -- 296 -- 312 Healthcare & Seniors 3 440 3 399 877 866 844 831 856 844 863 858 Education 3 173 3 173 1 106 1 100 788 786 844 839 436 448 Europe 8 071 8 071 2 047 2 047 1 980 1 980 2 042 2 042 2 002 2 002 Business & Administrations 5 337 4 464 1 337 1 125 1 296 1 110 1 324 1 115 1 380 1 114 Sodexo Live!(1) -- 599 -- 141 -- 118 -- 138 -- 202 Healthcare & Seniors 2 026 1 950 504 470 505 481 531 498 487 500 Education 708 1 059 206 311 179 271 187 291 136 185 Rest of the World 4 087 4 087 1 057 1 057 998 998 1 055 1 055 978 978 Business & Administrations 3 659 3 546 941 914 898 871 946 916 874 845 Sodexo Live!(1) -- 23 -- 3 -- 5 -- 6 -- 9 Healthcare & Seniors 337 376 87 95 81 92 83 93 87 96 Education 91 142 29 45 19 30 26 39 17 28 Sodexo 22 637 22 637 6 097 6 097 5 484 5 484 5 755 5 755 5 301 5 301(1) From H1 FY24  Business & Administrations excludes Sodexo Live!  reported separately.First half Fiscal 2024Condensed consolidatedfinancial statements2.1 Consolidated financial statementsThe comparative period presented in the consolidated income statement and in the consolidated cash flow statement disclosed in the document has been restated to reflect the classification as discontinued operations of Pluxee (ex-Benefits & Rewards Services activity) in accordance with IFRS 5 “Assets held for sale and discontinued operations”. Restatements of previously published information are disclosed in note 3.1.2.1.1 Consolidated income statement(in million euros) NOTES FIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Revenues 4.1 12 101 11 581 Cost of sales 4.2 (10 626) (10 168) Gross profit 1 475 1 413 Selling  General and Administrative costs 4.2 (864) (869) Share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity method that directly contribute to the Group’s business 1 1 Underlying operating profit 4.1 612 545 Other operating income 4.2 83 1 Other operating expenses 4.2 (53) (37) Operating profit 642 509 Financial income 8.1 50 38 Financial expenses 8.1 (96) (81) Share of profit of other companies accounted for using the equity method 3 — Profit for the period before tax 599 466 Income tax expense 9.1 (99) (122) Net profit of the period from continuing operations 500 344 Net profit of the period from discontinued operations 3.1 (568) 104 Net profit for the period (68) 448 Of which: Profit attributable to non-controlling interests 6 8 Net profit of the period from continuing operations – Attributable to non-controlling interests 4 5 Net profit of the period from discontinued operations – Attributable to non-controlling interests 2 3 ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (74) 440 Net profit of the period from continuing operations – Attributable to equity holders of the parent 496 339 Net profit of the period from discontinued operations – Attributable to equity holders of the parent (570) 101 Basic earnings per share (in euro) 7.2 (0.50) 3.01 Net profit of the period from continuing operations  Group share per share (in euros) 3.39 2.32 Net profit of the period from discontinued operations  Group share per share (in euros) (3.89) 0.69 Diluted earnings per share (in euro) 7.2 (0.50) 2.98 Net profit of the period from continuing operations  Group share diluted per share (in euros) 3.35 2.30 Net profit of the period from discontinued operations  Group share diluted per share (in euros) (3.85) 0.682.1.2 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated NET PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD (68) 448 Components of other comprehensive income that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 502 (384) Change in fair value of cash flow hedge instruments — — Change in fair value of cash flow hedge instruments reclassified to profit or loss — — Currency translation adjustment (31) (385) Currency translation adjustment reclassified to profit or loss 533 — Tax on components of other comprehensive income that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss — — Share of other components of comprehensive income (loss) of companies accounted for using the equity method  net of tax — 1 Components of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 12 20 Remeasurement of defined benefit plan obligation (12) (101) Change in fair value of financial assets revalued through other comprehensive income 22 98 Tax on components of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 2 23 TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  AFTER TAX FOR THE PERIOD 514 (365) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 474 31 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (28) 51 Comprehensive income for the period 446 82 Of which: Attributable to equity holders of the parent 440 75 Comprehensive income from continuing operations – Attributable to equity holders of the parent 469 25 Comprehensive income from discontinued operations – Attributable to equity holders of the parent (29) 50 Attributable to non-controlling interests 6 7 Comprehensive income from continuing operations – Attributable to non-controlling interests 4 6 Comprehensive income from discontinued operations – Attributable to non-controlling interests 2 12.1.3 Consolidated statement of financial positionAssets(in million euros) NOTES FEBRUARY 29  2024 AUGUST 31  2023 Goodwill 5 603 5 568 Other intangible assets 439 448 Property  plant and equipment 543 510 Right-of-use assets relating to leases 721 787 Client investments 695 687 Investments in companies accounted for using the equity method 70 66 Non-current financial assets 8.3 1 109 1 071 Other non-current assets 70 77 Deferred tax assets 220 192 NON CURRENT ASSETS 9 470 9 406 Current financial assets 8.3 79 74 Inventories 321 324 Income tax receivable 164 84 Trade and other current operating assets 4.3 4 108 3 562 Cash and cash equivalents 8.2 1 454 2 025 Assets held for sale or for distribution 3.1 — 5 319 CURRENT ASSETS 6 126 11 388 TOTAL ASSETS 15 596 20 794Shareholders’ equity and liabilities(in million euros) NOTES FEBRUARY 29  2024 AUGUST 31  2023 Share capital 590 590 Additional paid-in capital 248 248 Reserves and retained earnings 3 575 3 704 EQUITY ATTRIBUABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT 4 413 4 542 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 17 12 SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY 7 4 430 4 554 Long-term borrowings 8.4 4 748 5 056 Long-term lease liabilities 625 683 Employee benefits 268 265 Other non-current liabilities 4.3 182 174 Non-current provisions 6.1 131 110 Deferred tax liabilities 205 152 NON CURRENT LIABILITIES 6 159 6 440 Bank overdrafts 8.2 9 — Short-term borrowings 8.4 52 537 Short-term lease liabilities 148 148 Income tax payable 221 177 Current provisions 6.1 71 79 Trade and other payables 4.3 4 506 4 540 Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale or for distribution 3.1 — 4 319 CURRENT LIABILITIES 5 007 9 800 TOTAL SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 15 596 20 7942.1.4 Consolidated cash flow statement(in million euros) NOTES FIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Operating profit 642 509 Depreciation  amortization and impairment of intangible assets  property  plantand equipment and right-of-use assets(1) 235 228 Change in client investments(2) (5) (37) Provisions (18) (23) (Gains) losses on disposals (74) (2) Other non-cash items 16 19 Dividends received from companies accounted for using the equity method 2 2 Net interest expense paid (17) (6) Interests paid on lease liabilities (11) (8) Income tax paid (111) (51) Operating cash flow 659 631 Change in inventories 3 (8) Change in trade and other current operating assets (543) (544) Change in trade and other payables 27 (72) Change in working capital from operating activities (513) (624) Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 146 7 Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations 3.1 172 254 NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 318 261 Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (181) (162) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 15 17 Change in financial assets and share of companies accounted for using the equity method 3 (28) Business combinations (54) (12) Disposals of activities 3.1 148 1 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations (69) (184) Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations 3.1 (1 740) (58) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES (1 809) (242) Dividends paid to Sodexo S.A. shareholders 7.1 (456) (352) Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of consolidated companies (1) (4) Purchases of treasury shares 7.1 (26) (57) Sales of treasury shares 7.1 (2) — Change in non-controlling interests — — Proceeds from borrowings 8.4 326 267 Repayment of borrowings 8.4 (1 133) (272) Repayments of lease liabilities (82) (98) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities from continuing operations (1 374) (516) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities from discontinued operations 3.1 1 065 (7) NET CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES (309) (523) NET EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES AND OTHER EFFECTS ON CASH 15 (100) Net effect of exchange rates and other effects on cash from continuing operations 41 (70) Net effect of exchange rates and other effects on cash from discontinued operations (26) (30) CHANGE IN NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (1 785) (604) NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 3 230 3 217 Net cash and cash equivalents  Beginning of the period from continuing operations 2 025 3 217 Net cash and cash equivalents  Beginning of the period from discontinued operations 1 205 NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  END OF THE PERIOD 8.2 1 445 2 613 of which Net cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations  end of the period 1 445 1 450 of which Net cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations  end of the period — 1 163(1) Including 91 million euros corresponding to the right-of-use assets depreciation recognized in First half Fiscal 2024 pursuant to IFRS 16 (93 million euros recognized for First half Fiscal 2023).(2) Since the First half Fiscal 2024  the change in client investments previously classified in net cash used in investing activities is presented within the cash flow provided by operating activities in the consolidated cash flow statement. This change of presentation has been included in the comparative information of the First half Fiscal 2023.2.1.5 Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity(in million euros)NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDINGSHARE CAPITALADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITALRESERVES AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOMECURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTTOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS TOTAL Notes 7.1 Shareholders’ equity as ofAUGUST 31  2023 147 454 887 590 248 4 514 (811) 4 542 12 4 554 Net profit for the period (74) (74) 6 (68) Other comprehensive income (loss)  net of tax 12 502 514 — 514 Comprehensive income (62) 502 440 6 446 Dividends paid (456) (456) (1) (457) Distribution of Pluxee shares (96) (96) (7) (103) Treasury share transactions (28) (28) (28) Share-based payment (net of income tax) 18 18 18 Change in ownership interest without any change of control (7) (7) (1) (8) Other 1 — 8 8 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AS OF FEBRUARY 29  2024 147 454 887 590 248 3 884 (309) 4 413 17 4 430(in million euros)NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDINGSHARE CAPITALADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITALRESERVES AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOMECURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTTOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS TOTAL Notes 7.1 Shareholders’ equity as of August 31  2022 147 454 887 590 248 3 992 (415) 4 415 10 4 425 Net profit for the period 440 440 8 448 Other comprehensive income (loss)  net of tax 19 (384) (365) (1) (366) Comprehensive income 459 (384) 75 7 82 Dividends paid (352) (352) (3) (355) Treasury share transactions (57) (57) (57) Share-based payment (net of income tax) 24 24 24 Change in ownership interest without any change of control (10) (10) (10) (20) Other 1 1 — 1 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AS OF FEBRUARY 28  2023 147 454 887 590 248 4 056 (799) 4 096 4 4 1002.2 Notes to the consolidated financial statementsSodexo is a société anonyme (a form of limited liability company) registered in France  with its headquarters located in Issy-les-Moulineaux.Sodexo’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements for the six-month period from September 1  2023 to February 29  2024 were approved by the Board of Directors on April 18  2024.The numbers shown in the tables were prepared in thousands of euros and are presented in million euros (unless otherwise indicated).NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS1.1 Spin-off of Pluxee (ex-Benefits & Rewards Services)The project to separate the two business units of Sodexo by spinning-off and listing Pluxee (ex-Benefits & Rewards Services activity) announced on April 5  2023 by the Group  and was unanimously approved by the Board of Directors on October 25  2023. The resolution proposed by the Board of Directors to approve the exceptional distribution in kind of one Pluxee share for every Sodexo share held was adopted by a very large majority of the Shareholders Meeting held on January 30  2024. The spin-off has been implemented according to the defined schedule  with the detachment and first listing of Pluxee shares on Euronext Paris on February 1  2024 and the delivery of the Pluxee shares to shareholders on February 5  2024.As the transaction is carried out under common control  it is excluded from the scope of IFRIC 17 “Distributions of non-cash assets to owners”. The Group has elected to recognize the demerger using Pluxee’s Net Book Value. This operation does not generate any capital gain or loss in the consolidated income statement  with the exception of the negative impact of the recycling of the currency translation adjustment reserves  mainly coming from the Brazilian Real and the Venezuelan Bolivar  for an amount -540 million euros as of January 31  2024 (see the detailed accounting treatment in note 3).NOTE 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS2.1 Accounting policies2.1.1 General principlesThe condensed interim consolidated financial statements for the six months ended February 29  2024 have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 ""Interim Financial Reporting""  as published by the IASB and endorsed by the European Union. They do not include all the disclosures required for a complete set of annual financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Sodexo Group for the fiscal year ended August 31  2023.The accounting policies applied by the Group in the condensed interim consolidated financial statements for the six months ended February 29  2024 are the same as those used in the annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended August 31  2023  with the exception of the specific requirements of IAS 34 (see note 2.2). The texts effective as of September 1  2023 did not have a material impact on the interim consolidated financial statements of the Group  in particular IAS 12 amendment regarding the exemption from the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities linked to taxes on the result arising from the Pillar 2 rules based on estimates made to date by the Group.Based on the preliminary work performed  the Group does not expect any significant impact from the Pillar 2 reform on its interim consolidated financial statements.The Group has not applied any IFRSs that had not yet been approved by the European Union as of February 29  2024. The Group has not elected to early adopt any standards or interpretations whose application is not mandatory in Fiscal 2024.2.2 Specific interim reporting requirementsIncome tax expenseIncome tax expense (current and deferred) in the condensed interim consolidated financial statements is computed by applying an estimated average annual tax rate for the current fiscal year to each tax reporting entity's pre-tax profit for the first half of the year as adjusted  where applicable  for the tax effect of any specific events that may have occurred during the period. The resulting deferred and current tax charge or benefit is recognized in deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities and in income tax assets or payable in the consolidated statement of financial position as required by IAS 12 amendment.Post-employment and other long-term employee benefitsThe expense for post-employment and other long-term employee benefits is computed as one half of the annual charge estimated as of August 31  2023. The actuarial projections are updated to take into account any material changes to assumptions or one-off impacts (discount rates  applicable legislation...) during the six-month period.2.3 Use of estimatesThe preparation of the condensed interim consolidated financial statements requires the management of Sodexo and its subsidiaries to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the amounts reported for assets  liabilities and contingent liabilities as of the date of preparation of the financial statements  and of revenues and expenses for the period.These estimates and judgments are updated continuously based on past experience and on various other factors considered reasonable in view of the situation prevailing as of February 29  2024 and are the basis for the assessments of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities.Final amounts may differ substantially from these estimates if assumptions or circumstances change.Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions are the same as those described in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31  2023 (valuation of current and non-current assets  assessment of deferred tax assets recoverability  valuation of financial assets measured at fair value  provisions – including uncertain tax treatments – and litigations  assessment of the lease term in measuring the lease liabilities and related right-of-use assets  post-employment defined benefit plan assets and liabilities  and share-based payments).NOTE 3. MAIN CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION3.1 Disposed and held for sale or distribution activitiesThe Group continued its portfolio rationalization by disposing of a certain numbers of its activities  resulting in a net gain on disposal of 83 million euros recognized in other operating expenses and income during the First half Fiscal 2024 (cf. note 4.2.2 “Other operating expenses and income”)  corresponding mainly to the net gain on disposal of 77 million euros for the disposal of its worldwide Homecare services including mainly subsidiaries in the United States  in the United Kingdom  and in Scandinavian countries at the end of October 2023  disposed for a net selling price of 146 million euros.The completion of the spin-off of Pluxee (ex-Benefits & Rewards Services activity) has occurred on February 1  2024  its contribution to the net result and to the cash flows over 5 months (from September 1  2023 to January 31  2024) as well as the negative impact of the recycling of the currency translation adjustment reserves mainly from the Brazilian Real and Venezuelan Bolivar for -540 million euros are presented on separate lines in the consolidated income statement (line ""Net income from discontinued operations"") and in the consolidated cash flow statement (separate lines within each category cash flow). Moreover this activity met the definition of a discontinued operation as of August 31  2023 as set out by IFRS 5 (separate major line of business  the net assets of which are available for immediate distribution in their present condition  and the distribution of which is highly probable)  non-current assets classified as such are no longer subject to depreciation from this date. In accordance with this standard  the comparative consolidated income statement and consolidated cash flow statement are restated as if the activity had met the criteria for a discontinued operation as of the opening of the comparative period.Choice of the accounting method for the deconsolidationSodexo has elected to account for the demerger using Pluxee’s Net Book Value. Therefore  the deconsolidation does not generate any loss or gain in the consolidated income statement as of February 29  2024  except for the negative impact of the recycling of the currency translation adjustment reserves related to Pluxee  mainly from the Brazilian Real and Venezuelan Bolivar  amounting to -540 million euros as of January 31  2024. This non-cash loss is purely technical  and will not have any impact on Sodexo’s equity  cashflow or dividend distribution capacity.Impact of the in-kind distribution on free shares grantsOn January 30  2024  the resolution proposed by the Board of Directors to approve the exceptional distribution in kind of one Pluxee share for every Sodexo share held was adopted by a very large majority.As a result of the in-kind distribution  it was proposed to Sodexo shareholders  to acknowledge that the rights of beneficiaries of free share plans whose Sodexo shares have not been delivered on the completion date of the spin-off in accordance with the relevant plan rules (the “Performance Shares”) will be preserved. For free share plans under which Sodexo shares are to be delivered after the completion date of the spin-off in accordance with the relevant plan rules  the Sodexo Board of Directors will make adjustments to the rights of beneficiaries of Performance Shares referring to the principles stipulated in Article R. 228-91 of the Commercial Code  to be delivered after the completion date of the spin-off by multiplying the number of each Performance Shares by the following ratio:Value of the Sodexo share before the In-Kind Distribution / (Value of the Sodexo share before the In-Kind Distribution - Amount of the In-Kind Distribution per share)  giving an adjustment ratio of 138 14%.The 1 308 936 Sodexo shares initially granted and to be acquired were adjusted and amount to 1 806 562 Sodexo Shares following the in-kind distribution.. This adjustment did not result in granting an additional benefit to employees and therefore had no impact on the group's IFRS 2 expense.3.1.1 Financial statements of discontinued operationsNet profit from discontinued operationsThe key consolidated income statement items of Pluxee (ex-Benefits & Rewards Services activity) classified as discontinued operations including the deconsolidation effects are the following:(in million euros) FIRST 5 MONTHS FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 Revenue 508 508 Cost of sales (149) (159) Gross profit 359 349 Underlying operating profit 190 164 Net other operating income/(expenses) (158) (8) Recycling of currency translation adjustment reserves (540) Operating profit (508) 156 Financial income (expense) (8) (8) Profit for the period before tax (516) 148 Income tax expense (52) (44) Net profit of the period (568) 104Cash flow statement from discontinued operationsThe key consolidated cash flow statement items of Pluxee (ex-Benefits & Rewards Services activity) classified as discontinued operations  including the deconsolidation effects are the following:(in million euros) FIRST 5 MONTHS FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 Operating profit (508) 156 Adjustments 78 (16) Recycling of currency translation adjustment reserves 540 Operating cashflow 110 140 Change in vouchers payables 409 277 Change in financial assets related to the Benefits & Rewards Services activity (111) 7 Other components of net change in working capital from operating activities (236) (170) Net cash provided by operating activities 172 254 Net capital expenditure (57) (53) Other investing activities 64 (5) Net cash and cash equivalents of the Benefits & Rewards Services activity at date of distribution (1 747) Net cash used in investing activities (1 740) (58) Dividends paid — (140) Net proceed of borrowings(1) 1 071 — Other financial activities (6) 133 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1 065 (7) Net effect of exchange rates and other effects on cash (26) (30) Net effect on cash from internal transactions(2) (676) 61 Change in cash and cash equivalents (1 205) 220 Net cash and cash equivalents  beginning of the period 1 205 943 Net cash and cash equivalents  end of the period — 1 163(1) Of which a bridge loan of 1.1 billion euros used to refinance the debt to the Group before the spin-off  existing as of August 31  2023.(2) Corresponds mainly to the repayment of the loans and borrowings to Sodexo.3.1.2 Restatement of consolidated financial statements 2023Impact on the 2023 consolidated income statement of the IFRS 5 restatement applied(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 Published IFRS 5RESTATEMENT FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Revenues 12 085 (504) 11 581 Cost of sales (10 326) 158 (10 168) Gross profit 1 759 (346) 1 413 Selling  General and Administrative costs (1 056) 187 (869) Share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity method that directly contribute to the Group’s business 1 — 1 Underlying operating profit 704 (159) 545 Other operating income 1 — 1 Other operating expenses (43) 6 (37) Operating profit 662 (153) 509 Financial income 39 (1) 38 Financial expenses (87) 6 (81) Share of profit of other companies accounted for using the equity method — — — Profit for the year before tax 614 (148) 466 Income tax expense (166) 44 (122) Net profit from continuing operations 448 (104) 344 Net profit from discontinued operations — 104 104 Net profit for the period 448 — 448 Of which: Profit attributable to non-controlling interests 8 — 8 Net profit of the period from continuing operations - Attributable to non-controlling interests 8 (3) 5 Net profit of the period from discontinued operations - Attributable to non-controlling interests 3 3 PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT 440 — 440 Net profit of the period from continuing operations - Attributable to equity holders of the parent 440 (101) 339 Net profit of the period from discontinued operations - Attributable to equity holders of the parent — 101 101Impact on the First half Fiscal 2023 consolidated cash flow statement of the IFRS 5 restatement(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 Published IFRS 5RESTATEMENT FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Operating profit 662 (153) 509 Depreciation  amortization and impairment of intangible assets  property  plantand equipment and right-of-use assets 263 (35) 228 Change in client investments (37) — (37) Provisions (23) — (23) (Gains) losses on disposals (2) — (2) Other non-cash items 22 (3) 19 Dividends received from companies accounted for using the equity method 2 — 2 Net interest expense paid (10) 4 (6) Interests paid on lease liabilities (9) 1 (8) Income tax paid (97) 46 (51) Operating cash flow 771 (140) 631 Change in inventories (11) 3 (8) Change in trade and other current operating assets (812) 268 (544) Change in trade and other payables 29 (101) (72) Change in vouchers payable 277 (277) — Change in financial assets related to the Benefits & Rewards Services activity 7 (7) — Change in working capital from operating activities (510) (114) (624) Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 261 (254) 7 Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations — 254 254 NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 261 — 261 Acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (215) 53 (162) Disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 17 — 17 Change in financial assets and share of companies accounted for using the equity method (37) 9 (28) Business combinations (12) — (12) Disposals of activities 5 (4) 1 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations (242) 58 (184) Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations — (58) (58) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES (242) — (242) Dividends paid to Sodexo S.A. shareholders (352) — (352) Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of consolidated companies (5) 1 (4) Purchases of treasury shares (57) — (57) Proceeds from borrowings 267 — 267 Repayment of borrowings (272) — (272) Repayments of lease liabilities (104) 6 (98) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities from continuing operations (523) 7 (516) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities from discontinued operations — (7) (7) NET CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES (523) — (523) NET EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES AND OTHER EFFECTS ON CASH (100) — (100) Net effect of exchange rates and other effects on cash from continuing operations (100) 30 (70) Net effect of exchange rates and other effects on cash from discontinued operations — (30) (30) CHANGE IN NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (604) — (604) NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 3 217 — 3 217 NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  END OF THE PERIOD 2 613 — 2 613 of which Net cash and cash equivalents  end of the period from continuing operations 2 613 (1 163) 1 450 of which Net cash and cash equivalents  end of the period from discontinued operations 1 163 1 163NOTE 4. SEGMENT INFORMATION AND OTHER OPERATING ITEMS4.1 Segment information and revenue informationThe segment information presented below has been prepared based on internal management data as monitored by the Group Leadership Team  which is Sodexo’s chief operating decision-maker.Revenue and Underlying operating profit are followed by regions. These regions meet the definition of operating segments in IFRS 8.Sodexo’s operating segments and groups of operating segments are as follows:North America;Europe  which includes the Continental Europe  France and United Kingdom & Ireland regions;Rest of the World  including Asia-Pacific/Middle East/Africa  Latin America (without Brazil) and Brazil.The operating segments that have been aggregated carry out similar operations – both in terms of type of services rendered and processes and methods used to deliver the services – and have similar economic characteristics (notably in terms of margins they generate).Segment assets and liabilities are not presented as they are not included in the chief operating decision-maker’s measurement of segment performance.No single Group client or contract accounts contribute for more than 2% of the consolidated revenues.4.1.1 Segment informationFIRST HALF FISCAL 2024(in million euros) NORTH AMERICA EUROPE REST OF THE WORLD CORPORATE EXPENSES GROUP TOTAL Revenues 5 756 4 254 2 091 12 101 Underlying operating profit(1) 395 180 80 (43) 612(1) Including Group’s share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity method that directly contribute to the Group’s business and excluding other operating income and expenses.FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 restated(in million euros) NORTH AMERICA EUROPE REST OF THE WORLD CORPORATE EXPENSES GROUP TOTAL IFRS 5 restated Revenues 5 499 4 027 2 055 11 581 Underlying operating profit(1) 365 157 71 (48) 545(1) Including Group’s share of profit of companies accounted for using the equity method that directly contribute to the Group’s business and excluding other operating income and expenses.4.1.2 Revenue by significant countryThe Group’s operations are spread across 45 countries  including two that each represent over 10% of consolidated revenues in First half Fiscal 2024: France (the Group’s registration country) and the United States. Revenues in these countries are as follows:If not visible  this visual representation is available in the Financial Report of Sodexo H1 Results Fiscal 2024 on https://www.sodexo.com/en/investors/financial-results-and-publications/financial-results4.1.3 Revenue by line of serviceRevenues by line of service are as follows:(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Food services 8 033 7 469 Facilities Management services 4 068 4 112 TOTAL SODEXO 12 101 11 5814.2 Operating expenses by nature and other operating income and expenses4.2.1 Operating expenses by nature(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Employee costs (5 762) (5 496) Wages and salaries (4 536) (4 329) Other employee costs(1) (1 226) (1 167) Purchases of consumables and change in inventory (3 385) (3 262) Depreciation  amortization  and impairment losses(2) (235) (228) Amortization of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets relating to leases (235) (228) Impairment of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets relating to leases — — Rent and attached charges(3) (273) (257) Other operating expenses(4) (1 805) (1 830) TOTAL NET OPERATING EXPENSES (11 460) (11 073)(1) Other employee costs include primarily payroll taxes  but also costs associated with defined benefit plans  defined contribution plans and restricted share plans.(2) Including the depreciation of right-of-use assets relating to lease contracts of 91 million euros recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 (93 million euros in First half Fiscal 2023).(3) Corresponds to rent not included in the measurement of the lease liabilities  primarily variable lease payments (commissions based on performance indicators of locations operated under concession arrangements)  as well as lease expenses relating to short-term lease contracts and lease contracts of low value assets. The increase observed over the period relates mainly to the variable part of commissions due under concession arrangements.(4) Other expenses mainly include professional fees  other purchases used for operations  sub-contracting costs and travel expenses.4.2.2 Other operating income and expenses(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Gains related to consolidation scope changes(1) 83 1 Gain on disposals of non-current assets — — Gains on changes of post-employment benefits — — Other — — OTHER OPERATING INCOME 83 1 Restructuring and rationalization costs(2) (15) (8) Losses related to consolidation scope changes — — Amortization of purchased intangible assets (17) (18) Impairment of goodwill and non-current assets — — Acquisition-related costs (1) — Losses on changes of post-employment benefits (3) (2) Losses on disposals of non-current assets — — Other(3) (17) (9) OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES (53) (37) TOTAL OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES 30 (36)(1) During First half Fiscal 2024  gains related to consolidation scope changes correspond mainly to the disposal of Homecare entities.(2) The costs recognized in First half fiscal 2024 mainly correspond to rationalization costs following the reorganization of the Group.(3) The other costs recognized in First half fiscal 2024  mainly correspond to the costs related to the spin-off project of Pluxee (ex-Benefits & Rewards Services activity) and the costs related to the disposal of the Homecare entities (see note. 3.1).4.3 Working capital4.3.1 Trade and other current operating assets(in million euros)FEBRUARY 29  2024 AUGUST 31  2023 GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT Advances to suppliers 10 — 10 12 — 12 Trade receivables 3 587 (118) 3 469 3 108 (107) 3 001 Other operating receivables 394 (3) 391 349 (9) 340 Prepaid expenses 236 — 236 211 — 211 Non-operating receivables 2 — 2 2 (4) (2) TOTAL TRADE AND OTHER CURRENT OPERATING ASSETS 4 229 (121) 4 108 3 682 (120) 3 562The maturities of trade receivables as of February 29  2024 and August 31  2023 respectively were as follows:(in million euros)FEBRUARY 29  2024 AUGUST 31  2023 GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT GROSS AMOUNT IMPAIRMENT CARRYING AMOUNT Less than 3 months past due 369 (6) 363 362 (5) 357 More than 3 months and less than 6 months past due 74 (11) 63 62 (11) 51 More than 6 months and less than 12 months past due 49 (19) 30 45 (23) 22 More than 12 months past due 72 (63) 9 56 (50) 6 TOTAL TRADE RECEIVABLES DUE 564 (99) 465 525 (89) 436 Total trade receivables not yet due 3 023 (19) 3 004 2 583 (18) 2 565 TOTAL TRADE RECEIVABLES 3 587 (118) 3 469 3 108 (107) 3 001During the periods presented  the Group was not affected by any significant change resulting from proven client failures. In addition  given the geographic dispersion of the Group’s activities and the wide range of client industries  there is no material concentration of risk in individual receivables due but not written down.4.3.2 Trade and other payables(in million euros) FEBRUARY 29  2024 AUGUST 31  2023 Operating payables 134 123 Non-operating payables 48 51 OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 182 174 Trade payables 2 580 2 502 Employee-related liabilities 1 111 1 200 Advances from clients 351 379 Tax liabilities 235 223 Other operating payables 93 95 Deferred revenues 105 105 Non-operating payables 31 36 TRADE AND OTHER CURRENT PAYABLES 4 506 4 540 TOTAL TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES 4 688 4 714As of February 29  2024  the total amount of receivables transferred by Sodexo’s suppliers through the reverse factoring programs is 418 million euros (253 million euros as of August 31  2023). The relating trade payables are still classified as trade payables and included in the total of trade payables.NOTE 5. IMPAIRMENT OF NON-CURRENT ASSETSDuring the first half of the year  the Group carried out a review of impairment triggers likely to lead to a decrease in the recoverable value of its tangible and intangible assets.In particular  Sodexo analyzed the performance of its operating segments (groups of CGUs at which goodwill is monitored) during the First half compared to the estimates used during the Fiscal 2023 annual closing for impairment testing. The Group has also analyzed the evolution since August 31  2023 of the main financial parameters (discount rate and long-term growth rate).The Group’s management has concluded that there was no evidence of triggers indicating a decrease in the recoverable value of its operating segments as of February 29  2024 compared to August 31  2023. The annual review of the carrying amount of goodwill and other intangible assets will be realized during the Second half Fiscal 2024.NOTE 6. PROVISIONS  LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES6.1 Provisions(in million euros) AUGUST 31  2023 INCREASES/CHARGES REVERSALS WITH UTILIZATION REVERSALS WITHOUT UTILIZATION CURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENT AND OTHER(1) CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION FEBRUARY 29  2024 Contract termination and loss-making contracts 25 — (1) (2) 39 — 61 Employee claims and litigation 42 2 (4) (2) 2 — 40 Tax and social security exposures 29 — (1) (1) — — 27 Client/supplier claims and litigation 23 1 — — (3) — 21 Reorganization costs 19 3 (8) (1) — — 13 Negative net assets of associates(2) 7 — — — 1 — 8 Other provisions 44 5 (7) (2) (8) — 32 TOTAL PROVISIONS 189 11 (21) (8) 31 — 202(1) Reclassification of provisions for contract termination related to healthcare activity previously shown as accrued payables.(2) Investments in companies accounted for using the equity method that have negative net assets.6.2 Litigation and contingent liabilitiesDISPUTES WITH THE BRAZILIAN TAX AUTHORITIESDuring Fiscal 2021  the subsidiary Sodexo do Brasil Comercial received a tax reassessment notice mainly linked to the tax deductibility of the amortization of goodwill recognized on the purchase of Puras. The reassessment covers the period from 2015 to 2017 and amounts to 225 million Brazilian real to date  i.e.  42 million euros as of February 29  2024 (of which 9 million euros in principal and 33 million euros in penalties and late payment interests). In August 2021  the competent administrative Court ruled in favor of Sodexo do Brasil Comercial but the Brazilian tax authorities appealed this first instance decision. In March 2024  the Administrative Court (CARF) has unanimously confirmed the first instance decision in favor of Sodexo do Brasil Comercial. Tax authorities can appeal again but the Group considers that the risks of a change the decision are low  considering  on the one hand  that it has strong arguments to contest the tax reassessment and  on the other hand  the recent favorable decision of the CSRF ending the dispute between Sodexo Pass do Brasil and the Brazilian tax authorities on the same issue.The goodwill amount has been fully amortized. The tax savings generated by this tax depreciation were offset in the consolidated accounts of the Group by a deferred tax expense of the same amount for each of the related financial periods  in accordance with the IFRS rules. The balance of the related deferred tax liability amounts to 27 million euros as of February 29  2024.In addition  Sodexo and its main competitors have a different interpretation from that of the Brazilian tax administration on the deductibility of PIS/COFINS on certain purchases made at a zero rate. Several proceedings are underway  either at the initiative of the tax authorities  which have notified Sodexo do Brasil Comercial of an adjustment in respect of credits recognized in 2016 of 10 million euros (including penalties and interest for late payment)  or at the initiative of the company  which has filed several claims in the courts. One of these proceedings initiated by Sodexo do Brasil Comercial was suspended  on the initiative of the judge  until the Supreme Court's decision on another company's case. In February 2023  the Supreme Court issued its decision  which was unfavorable to the company concerned: the judges essentially ruled that ordinary law may provide for limitations on the use of PIS/COFINS credits  provided that such law respects all constitutional principles  in particular equality of treatment of taxpayers and free competition. This decision  which should not be considered automatically unfavorable for the individual cases of each taxpayer  does not affect the appeals filed by Sodexo  which will continue to follow their respective courses. The company believes that it has different and strong enough arguments to ultimately succeed in court on this issue. After consultation with its advisors  Sodexo considers that its chances of success in these proceedings are good and that to date the risk of an outflow of resources associated with the PIS/COFINS credits deducted since 2016 remains unlikely; therefore  no provision has been recorded in the consolidated financial statements as of February 29  2024.DISPUTE WITH THE FRENCH COMPETITION AUTHORITYOn October 9  2015  the company Octoplus filed a complaint with the French Competition Authority (Autorité de la concurrence) concerning several French meal voucher issuers  including Sodexo Pass France (Pluxee France).On December 17  2019  the French Competition Authority ruled against the meal voucher issuers and fined Sodexo Pass France  jointly and severally with Sodexo S.A.  126 million euros. This amount was fully paid by Sodexo Pass France (Pluxee France) during the past fiscal years. An asset was recognized as a counterpart of the sums paid (126 million euros)  reclassified as of August 31  2023 in “Assets held for sale or for distribution”.Sodexo filed an appeal against the decision with the Paris Court of Appeal and the hearing was held on November 18  2021. On November 16  2023  the Paris Court of Appeal confirmed the conviction issued by the French Competition Authority. Contesting this decision  Sodexo then filed an appeal in cassation  therefore the proceedings are still ongoing.Taking in consideration all the above-mentioned elements the entity Pluxee France recorded a provision of 126 million euros during first half of fiscal year 2024 that was reclassified in net profit from discontinued operations as of February 29  2024.The separation agreement entered into in relation to the spin-off of Pluxee includes an undertaking of Pluxee to indemnify and hold harmless Sodexo for losses in connection with any matter and any legal action relating to  arising out of  or resulting from the above dispute.FRENCH TAX REASSESSMENTSodexo S.A. received in December 2021 a notification for a proposed tax reassessment concerning fiscal years 2016  2017 and 2018. Another proposed adjustment notice was issued by the French tax authorities in December 2022 for fiscal years 2019  2020 and 2021 in order to replicate certain adjustments it had initiated during the previous tax audit.The Company has assessed the risk associated with these procedures and  after review with its tax advisors  considers that it has strong arguments to contest the proposed reassessments.OTHER DISPUTESGroup subsidiaries can also be subject to tax audits certain of which may result in reassessments. Main dispute are described above. In each case  the risk is assessed by management and its advisors and any charges deemed probable are recorded as provisions or tax liabilities.The Group is not aware of any other governmental  judicial or arbitral proceedings which are outstanding or threatened and which may have  or have had in the past 12 months  material effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability.Sodexo is also involved in other legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business. The Group does not anticipate that any potential related liabilities will in the aggregate be material to its activities or to its consolidated financial position.NOTE 7. EQUITY AND EARNINGS PER SHARE7.1 Equity7.1.1 Statement of changes in shareholders’ equityComposition of share capital and treasury shares(number of shares) FEBRUARY 29  2024 AUGUST 31  2023 Share Capital(1) 147 454 887 147 454 887 Treasury shares(2) 784 371 1 084 126 Outstanding shares 146 670 516 146 370 761(1) With a par value of 4 euros each.(2) Treasury shares value of 66 million euros as of February 29  2024 (93 million euros as of August 31  2023).DividendsFIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 Dividends paid (in million euros) 456 352 Dividend per share paid (in euros) 3.10 2.407.2 Earnings per shareThe table below presents the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share:FIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Profit for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent (in million euros) (74) 440 Profit for the period from continued operations attributable to equity holders of the parent (in million euros) 496 339 Profit for the period from discontinued operations attributable to equity holders of the parent (in million euros) (570) 101 Basic weighted average number of shares 146 445 700 146 147 666 Basic earnings per share (in euros) (1) (0.50) 3.01 Net profit of the period from continuing operations  Group share per share (in euros) 3.39 2.32 Net profit of the period from discontinued operations  Group share per share (in euros) (3.89) 0.69 Average dilutive effect of free share plans 1 669 742 1 577 120 Diluted weighted average number of shares 148 115 442 147 724 786 Diluted earnings per share (in euros) (1) (0.50) 2.98 Net profit of the period from continuing operations  Group share diluted per share (in euros) 3.35 2.30 Net profit of the period from discontinued operations  Group share diluted per share (in euros) (3.85) 0.68(1) Basic and diluted earnings per share do not reflect the effect of the dividend premium to be paid on certain registered shares.NOTE 8. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  AND FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSE8.1 Financial income and expense(in million euros) FIRST HALF FISCAL 2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Gross borrowing cost(1)(3) (75) (68) Interest income from short-term bank deposits and equivalent 34 32 NET BORROWING COST (41) (36) Interest on financial lease liabilities IFRS 16(2) (11) (8) Net foreign exchange gains/(losses) 3 (1) Net interest cost on net defined benefit plan obligation (1) 1 Interest income from loans and receivables at amortized cost 8 3 Other financial income 5 4 Other financial expense (9) (6) NET FINANCIAL EXPENSE (46) (43) Of which Financial income 50 38 Of which Financial expense (96) (81)(1) Gross borrowing cost represents interest expense on financial liabilities at amortized cost and interest expense on hedging instruments.(2) Interest on lease liabilities recognized in accordance with IFRS 16.(3) 45 million euros of gross borrowing costs relates to the Group’s EUR  GBP and USD bonds and other committed banking facilities  and 30 million euros relates to cash pool mechanism costs - the cash pool income is included in Interest Income.8.2 Cash and cash equivalents(in million euros) FEBRUARY 29  2024 FIRST HALF FISCAL 2023 IFRS 5 restated Marketable securities(1) 41 34 Cash(2) 1 413 1 991 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 1 454 2 025 Bank overdrafts (9) — CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS NET OF BANK OVERDRAFTS 1 445 2 025(1) Marketable securities correspond to term deposits as of February 29  2024 and as of August 31  2023.(2) Including 12 million euros allocated to the liquidity contract signed with an investment services provider  which complies with the Code of conduct drawn up by the French financial markets association (Association française des marchés financiers – AMAFI) and approved by the French securities regulator (Autorité des marchés financiers – AMF)  for the purpose of improving the liquidity of Sodexo shares and the regularity of the quotations.8.3 Financial assetsPRINCIPAL INVESTMENTS IN NON-CONSOLIDATED COMPANIESMeasurement of Bellon SA SecuritiesThe Group holds  through its wholly owned subsidiary Sofinsod  a 19.61% stake in Bellon SA  a company that controls Sodexo SA with 42.75% of its shares and 57.5% of its voting rights exercisable on February 29  2024. This shareholding does not give the Group significant influence over Bellon SA  as voting rights attached to Bellon SA shares cannot be exercised by Sofinsod  in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 233-31 of Code de Commerce.There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Sodexo of members of the Board of Directors or senior management and their private interests. In particular the Pierre and Danielle Bellon Family controls 72.6% of the family holding company Bellon SA. Mr. and Mrs. Pierre Bellon and their children entered into an agreement in June 2015 to prevent their direct descendants from freely disposing of their Bellon SA shares for 50 years.In accordance with IFRS 9  this investment is measured at its fair value  determined in accordance with IFRS 13. The valuation of the fair value of the investment depends  among other things  on the revalued net asset value (NAV) of Bellon SA which has limited debt and now holds two assets  shares of Sodexo S.A. and shares of Pluxee N.V.. These shares are valued at their closing share price as of February 29  2024  for the calculation of the NAV of Bellon SA. Furthermore  the valuation method used by management (Level 3 of the hierarchy defined by IFRS 13) incorporates the illiquidity implied by the characteristics of the holding's ownership structure (discount to net asset value of Bellon SA estimated at 40% as of February 29  2024 and August 31  2023.As of February 29  2024  the fair value of the investment is assessed at 751 million euros (722 million euros as of August 31  2023)  and its change since the opening of the period has been recorded in other non-recyclable items of comprehensive income (OCI).8.4 BorrowingsChanges in borrowings during First half Fiscal 2024 were as follows:(in million euros) AUGUST 31  2023 INCREASES REPAYMENTS DISCOUNTING EFFECTS AND OTHER CURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENT CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION FEBRUARY 29  2024 Bond 5 501 39 (817) 2 5 — 4 730 Commercial paper and bank borrowings(1) — 304 (301) — — — 3 Other borrowings 51 — (10) (14) — — 27 TOTAL BORROWINGS EXCLUDING DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 5 552 343 (1 128) (12) 5 — 4 760 Net fair value of derivative financial instruments 36 5 (5) 1 — — 37 TOTAL BORROWINGS 5 588 348 (1 133) (11) 5 — 4 797(1) Commercial paper was drawn short term in First half Fiscal 2024 but all was fully repaid by February 29  2024.If not visible  this visual representation is available in the Financial Report of Sodexo H1 Results Fiscal 2024 on https://www.sodexo.com/en/investors/financial-results-and-publications/financial-resultsIn order to comply with the Group’s financing policy  substantially all borrowings are long term and at fixed interest rates.As of February 29  2024  94% of the Group’s borrowings were at fixed rate. The average rate of interest as of the same date was 1.86%.As of August 31  2023  95% of the Group’s borrowings were at fixed rate. The average rate of interest as of the same date was 1.70%.The bond issues and borrowings from financial institutions described above include customary early redemption clauses. These clauses include cross-default and change-in-control clauses which apply to all of the borrowings.None of the bond issues have a financial covenant.July 2011 multicurrency confirmed credit facilityOn July 18  2011  Sodexo S.A. contracted a multicurrency credit facility for a maximum of 600 million euros plus 800 million U.S. dollars  with an original maturity date of July 18  2016. This facility has been amended on a number of occasions with the most recent amendment being in July 2019 with a new maturity date of July 2024  with two options to extend the maturity by one year each  up to July 2026. The first option to extend this facility was executed during Fiscal 2020 and the second was executed during Fiscal 2021. The facility maturity date is now July 2026. The maximum available limits under this facility now are 589 million euros plus 785 million U.S. dollars.The most recent amendment also incorporates an updated sustainability clause that links the credit facility cost to Sodexo’s ability to comply with its public commitment to reduce its food waste by 50% by 2025 and also an update to the referenced indices.Amounts drawn on this facility carry floating interest indexed on the SOFR  SONIA  ESTR and EURIBOR rates. This credit facility is not subject to any covenant.No amounts had been drawn down on the facility as of either February 29  2024 nor as of August 31  2023.Bilateral confirmed credit facilityOn December 18  2019  the Group obtained two 150 million euros bilateral confirmed credit facilities. Both facilities expired in December 2023 and were replaced by two €100 million euros bilateral credit facilities with expiry dates of December 29  2025.On February 13  2020  the Group obtained a third 150 million euros bilateral confirmed credit facility expiring in February 2024. On December 21  2023  this facility was replaced by a 100 million euros bilateral credit facility with an expiry date of December 29  2025.No amounts had been drawn down on any of these facilities as of either February 29  2024 nor as of August 31  2023.Commercial papersBorrowings under the Sodexo S.A. and Sodexo Finance commercial paper programs are nil either as of February 29  2024 nor of August 31  2023.NOTE 9. OTHER INFORMATION9.1 Income taxThe 26.2% effective tax rate for First half Fiscal 2023 decreased to 16.6% in First half Fiscal 2024. The decrease in the effective tax rate is explained in particular by the better results in France which are offset by using of previously unrecognized tax assets  as well as to the capital gain on the disposal of the worldwide Homecare services which had no impact on the income tax expenses in most countries.9.2 Free share grantsOn February 22  2024 the Board of Directors decided to grant free shares to certain Group employees. The shares granted under this plan will only vest if the beneficiaries are still working for the Group on the vesting date and some are subject to a performance condition. The shares granted under this plan sum up to 834 387 shares.The impact of this plan for the first semester is not material.9.3 Members of the Board of Directors and the Leadership TeamThere were no significant changes from the fiscal year ended August 31  2023 in relation to the nature of compensation  advances and commitments for pensions or similar benefits granted to members of Sodexo's Board of Directors or Leadership Team.9.4 Related parties informationNon-consolidated companiesIn addition to the transactions with non-consolidated companies are similar in nature to those described in note 14.3  ""Related parties"" to the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended August 31  2023  the Group has carried out since February 1  2024  transactions with the entities of Pluxee (ex-Benefits & Rewards Services activity). The flows and amounts in the consolidated financial statements for the transactions are not material for the First half Fiscal 2024.Principal shareholderAs of February 29  2024  Bellon SA held 42.75% of the capital of Sodexo and 57.5% of the exercisable voting rights.The expense recognized in First half Fiscal 2024 under an assistance and advisory services contract between Bellon SA and Sodexo S.A. amounts to 2.5 million euros (2.3 million euros in First half Fiscal 2023).Sodexo S.A. paid to Bellon SA 196 million euros of dividends.The Group didn't received any dividends from Bellon SA in First half Fiscal 2024. They will be paid in the second semester.9.5 Subsequent eventsNo major events have occurred since the closing of the period.9.6 Changes in principal currency exchange ratesThe following table presents changes in exchange rates for the main currencies used to convert the financial statements of subsidiaries compared with the first half of the prior",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.25,0.14,True,English,"['solid H1 Fiscal 2024 results', 'Sodexo', 'RESTATED DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE CONSTANT RATES Revenues', 'First half Fiscal 2024 key figures', 'First half Fiscal 2024 consolidated revenues', 'Net new business momentum', 'First half Fiscal 2024 Results', 'solid H1 Fiscal 2024 results', 'first half performance', 'operating profit margin improvement', 'solid operational performance', 'Effective tax rate', 'Other operating income', 'Net financial expense', 'Facilities Management services', 'Rugby World Cup', 'taxable capital gain', 'unrecognized tax assets', 'Organic Revenue growth', 'Underlying operating margin', 'Basic underlying EPS', 'North America convenience', 'positive 30 million euros', 'other half', 'first quarter', 'Consolidated accounts', 'Fiscal 2024 guidance', 'Basic EPS', 'Solid set', 'NET PROFIT', 'Financial Report', 'constant currencies', 'Organic growth', 'Tax charge', 'convenience activity', 'acquisition-related assets', 'volume growth', 'FM services', 'Homecare services', '612 million euros', '642 million euros', '509 million euros', '43 million euros', '46 million euros', '496 million euros', '427 million euros', 'Euronext Paris', 'Directors meeting', 'Sophie Bellon', 'branded offers', 'world leader', 'valued experiences', '12.1 billion euros', 'Homecare activities', 'negative currency', 'accounting change', 'project works', 'large contract', 'Homecare disposal', 'continuing activities', 'Food services', 'previous year', 'CONTINUING OPERATIONS', 'sustainable food', 'spin-off costs', 'Sodexo Chairwoman', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'April', 'OTC', 'SDXAY', 'top', '+6% to', '+8% range', 'Board', 'expenses', 'detail', 'Group', 'section', 'CEO', 'Pluxee', 'pure-player', 'progress', 'purchasing', 'organization', 'agility', 'retention', 'ambition', 'teams', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'sale', 'October', 'bolt', 'pricing', 'geography', 'Europe', 'zone', 'restructuring', 'amortization', 'utilization', 'France', '+40']",2024-04-19,2024-04-20,marketscreener.com
