UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
36358,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/592610-western-russia-sanctions-ineffective/,Western sanctions ‘ineffective’ – EU state’s president,Macroeconomic indicators signal that the sanctions on Russia are not working  Lithuanian President Gitanas Nauseda says Read Full Article at RT.com,The Russian economy expanded beyond expectations last year  and is on course for further growth in 2024Western sanctions on Moscow have failed to destabilize the Russian economy  according to Lithuanian President Gitanas Nauseda. Speaking at the Munich Security Conference on Saturday  Nauseda pointed to macroeconomic indicators which plainly signal that the country’s economy remains stable.According to the latest official figures  Russian GDP climbed by 3.6% in 2023  outpacing both the US and EU  and the country’s authorities expect growth of at least 2.3% this year.“We have to admit that those thirteen sanctions packages – the thirteenth not yet implemented – basically had a very limited impact on the Russian economy ” Nauseda stated. He noted that Russia has become proficient in circumventing restrictions  and urged the bloc to focus future measures on ways to prevent sanctions evasion.“It is necessary to strengthen the secondary consequences and ways to circumvent these sanctions  which are so far-fetched that they practically make the sanctions mechanism itself ineffective and empty ” Nauseda said.The Lithuanian leader also called on Brussels to step up work on ways to use frozen Russian assets for aid to Ukraine.“We need a much faster decision on what to do with those frozen Russian assets ” he said  noting that the West still cannot find legal means to tap the funds.The US and EU have frozen around half of the assets belonging to the Russian central bank  an estimated $300 billion  since the beginning of the Ukraine conflict. They have since been mulling ways to confiscate these assets in order to fund aid packages for Kiev. The EU is currently working on ways to seize the income generated last year from the funds held by Belgian-based clearing house Euroclear. The US  meanwhile  has been seeking legal means to seize the assets themselves.Russia has repeatedly criticized the freezing of its assets  warning of the threat this poses to the global financial system  and vowing retaliation if the West moves to confiscate the funds.,negative,0.02,0.1,0.88,mixed,0.14,0.24,0.62,True,English,"['Western sanctions', 'EU state', 'president', 'Lithuanian President Gitanas Nauseda', 'Munich Security Conference', 'latest official figures', 'Belgian-based clearing house', 'global financial system', 'The Lithuanian leader', 'Russian central bank', 'thirteen sanctions packages', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian GDP', 'Russian economy', 'Western sanctions', 'macroeconomic indicators', 'limited impact', 'future measures', 'sanctions evasion', 'secondary consequences', 'sanctions mechanism', 'faster decision', 'legal means', 'aid packages', 'The US', 'The EU', 'Ukraine conflict', 'expectations', 'course', 'growth', 'Moscow', 'Saturday', 'country', 'authorities', 'restrictions', 'bloc', 'ways', 'Brussels', 'work', 'funds', 'half', 'beginning', 'order', 'Kiev', 'income', 'Euroclear', 'freezing', 'threat', 'retaliation']",2024-02-18,2024-02-19,rt.com
36359,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/592637-rand-paul-us-russian-assets-confiscation/,Russian asset seizure would boomerang – US senator,US Senator Rand Paul has warned against seizing frozen Russian assets  saying it would undermine the US’ global standing Read Full Article at RT.com,Rand Paul says the move would make peace in Ukraine less likely while undermining America’s global standingUS Senator Rand Paul has warned against seizing frozen Russian assets  saying it would have negative consequences for America  as well as Ukraine. The Republican added that by confiscating the funds  Washington would demonstrate to the world that it flouts international law whenever it suits its agenda.The US and EU have blocked an estimated $300 billion in assets belonging to the Russian central bank since the start of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. While the US has advocated for seizing the frozen assets and handing them over to Ukraine  a number of EU states  including Germany  France  and Italy  have argued that sovereign assets have immunity under international law. The European Central Bank has also cautioned that the move could undermine the euro.In an opinion piece for the think tank Responsible Statecraft published on Thursday  Paul said that “confiscating Russia’s sovereign assets is an act of economic war.” He added that if the Senate passes the Rebuilding Economic Prosperity and Opportunity for Ukrainians Act (REPO)  this would “only reinforce the view of hardliners in Moscow.”According to the senator  this scenario would destroy any remaining hope that relations between Washington and Moscow could be stabilized or improved. For Kiev  Paul claimed  the seizure of Russian assets would mean annihilation as the Kremlin would become convinced that “there is no negotiated settlement to be had with Ukraine.”However  by keeping the assets intact  Washington would be able to use them as a “bargaining chip during negotiations ” the Republican lawmaker said.Also  the confiscation of Russia’s sovereign funds would likely erode global trust in the dollar  with other nations moving their reserves to other currencies  Paul noted.In an interview with the Financial Times published on Thursday  Lieve Mostrey  the CEO of Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear  warned against a plan proposed by Belgium to the G7 which calls for the use of frozen Russian assets as a backstop to issue loans for the reconstruction of Ukraine. She argued that “using assets that don’t belong to you as collateral is pretty close to an indirect seizing.”Speaking on Tuesday  Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova warned that Moscow would consider Western states to be “thieves” should they seize its sovereign funds. “Our response would be extremely harsh ” the diplomat added.Her comments came after the European Council took steps for the potential seizure of interest earned on Moscow’s frozen sovereign funds.,negative,0.03,0.44,0.53,negative,0.03,0.31,0.66,True,English,"['Russian asset seizure', 'US senator', 'Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova', 'think tank Responsible Statecraft', 'The European Central Bank', 'Russian central bank', 'US Senator Rand Paul', 'Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear', 'Rebuilding Economic Prosperity', 'frozen Russian assets', 'The US', 'European Council', 'The Republican', 'frozen assets', 'economic war', 'global standing', 'negative consequences', 'international law', 'opinion piece', 'remaining hope', 'bargaining chip', 'Republican lawmaker', 'global trust', 'other nations', 'other currencies', 'Financial Times', 'Lieve Mostrey', 'indirect seizing', 'Western states', 'sovereign assets', 'sovereign funds', 'EU states', 'Ukrainians Act', 'potential seizure', 'Ukraine conflict', 'move', 'peace', 'America', 'Washington', 'world', 'agenda', 'start', 'February', 'number', 'Germany', 'France', 'Italy', 'immunity', 'Thursday', 'Senate', 'Opportunity', 'REPO', 'view', 'hardliners', 'Moscow', 'scenario', 'relations', 'Kiev', 'annihilation', 'Kremlin', 'settlement', 'negotiations', 'confiscation', 'dollar', 'reserves', 'CEO', 'plan', 'Belgium', 'G7', 'backstop', 'loans', 'reconstruction', 'collateral', 'Tuesday', 'thieves', 'response', 'diplomat', 'comments', 'steps', 'interest']",2024-02-18,2024-02-19,rt.com
36360,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2024-02-19/the-nomination-committee-s-proposal-to-the-annual-general-meeting-2024,The Nomination Committee’s proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2024,STOCKHOLM  February 19th  2024. Moberg Pharma AB (OMX: MOB) announces that the company’s Nomination Committee has decided to present the following proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2024.,STOCKHOLM  February 19th  2024. Moberg Pharma AB (OMX: MOB) announces that the company’s Nomination Committee has decided to present the following proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2024.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee consists of the Chairman Gillis Cullin representing Östersjöstiftelsen and the members Ida Marie Lindberg  representing Kjelsmark Holding and Kerstin Valinder Strinnholm  Chairman of the Board of Directors in the Company.Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Kerstin Valinder Strinnholm is elected as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting of shareholders 2024.Election of Directors and Chairman of the Board and Auditor  and fees payable to suchThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of four (4) persons and no deputies.The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Kerstin Valinder Strinnholm as Chairman of the Board  re-election of Håkan Wallin and Nikolaj Sørensen as Board Directors  and election of Jonas Ekblom as new Board Director for a term extending until and including next year's annual general meeting. After two years in the board  Anders Lundmark is not available for re-election. Anders Lundmark will continue to support Moberg Pharma in his role as one of the company's major shareholders. Furthermore  Kerstin Valinder Strinnholm has announced her intention to retire in connection with the annual general meeting in 2025  and the nominating committee's intention is to facilitate a smooth transition whereby Jonas Ekblom is elected as a new member at the annual general meeting in 2024 with the intention from the nominating committee to propose Jonas Ekblom for election as chairman of the board one year later  at the annual general meeting in 2025. In the evaluation process for new candidates  the Nomination Committee had a particular focus on diversity and creating gender balance over time.Jonas Ekblom has worked for three decades in research and development of pharmaceuticals and medtech products. Jonas has held board and management positions in public and privately held life science companies in Sweden  Switzerland and the USA. He has served as CEO of BOWS Pharmaceuticals SA  Pergamum AB and Promore Pharma AB. Today  Jonas is chairman of the board of CombiGene AB and Oblique Therapeutics AB  and is a board director of Emplicure AB. Jonas was born in 1965 and has a bachelor's degree in chemistry from Stockholm University  a doctorate in medical sciences from Uppsala University and a postdoctoral education from the University of Southern California in Los Angeles  USA. Since 1996  Jonas is associate professor in pharmacology at Uppsala University. He is independent in relation to the Company  the company’s management and major shareholders. Jonas does not hold any financial instruments in the Company.The Nomination Committee proposes that an aggregate fee of SEK 970 000 shall be paid to the Board Directors  of which SEK 400 000 to the Chairman and SEK 190 000 for all other Board Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Board of Directors recommendation  re-election of Ernst & Young as Company Auditors  with Jens Bertling as responsible Auditor for a period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee proposes that fees to the Auditor  for a period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  are to be paid as per approved invoice.The Nomination Committees proposal for principles establishing the Nomination Committee and its workThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting assigns a Nomination Committee according to the following principles. The Annual General Meeting assigns the Chairman of the Board of Directors to contact the two largest shareholders in term of votes or owner groups (hereby referred to both directly-registered shareholders and nominee-registered shareholders)  according to a transcript of the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as per September 30  2024  each appointing a representative to  besides the Chairman of the Board of Directors  constitute the Nomination Committee for the period until a new Nomination Committee is appointed by mandate from the next Annual General Meeting.If any of the two largest shareholders or owner groups declines to elect a representative  the third largest shareholder or owner group will be asked  and so on  until the Nomination Committee consists of four members. The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are to be independent of the Company and its executive management. At least one member of the Nomination Committee is to be independent of the Company´s largest shareholder in term of votes  or any group of shareholders that act in concert in the governance of the Company. Neither the Chief Executive Officer nor other members of the executive management are to be members of the Nomination Committee. Board members may be members of the Nomination Committee but may not constitute a majority thereof. If more than one Board member is on the Nomination Committee  no more than one of these may be dependent of a major shareholder in the Company. The Nomination Committee appoints Chairman within the Committee. Neither the Chairman of the Board of Directors nor any other Board member may be Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be announced no later than six months prior to the 2025 Annual General Meeting. In the event that one of the members of the Nomination Committee resigns before the Committee´s work is completed and if the Nomination Committee is of the opinion that there is a need to replace the member  the Nomination Committee shall as soon as possible appoint a new member according to the principles above based on a transcript of the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. A change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced immediately. No fees shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee for their work in the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee shall submit proposals on the following issues for resolution by the 2025 Annual General Meeting:a) Proposal for Chairman of the Meetingb) Proposal for the Board of Directorsc) Proposal for Chairman of the Board of Directorsd) Proposal for fees to the Board of Directors  with distribution between the Chairman and other Board memberse) Proposal for Company Auditorsf) Proposal for fee to Company Auditorsg) Proposal for principles for establishing the Nomination Committee for the 2026 Annual General Meeting.For additional information  please contact:Anna Ljung  CEO  telephone: +46 707 66 60 30  e-mail: anna.ljung@mobergpharma.seAbout this informationThis information is information that Moberg Pharma AB (publ) is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 8:00 a.m. CET on February 19th 2024.About Moberg Pharma  www.mobergpharma.comMoberg Pharma AB (publ) is a Swedish pharmaceutical company focused on commercializing proprietary innovations based on drug delivery of proven compounds. The Company’s asset  MOB-015  is a novel topical treatment for onychomycosis. MOB-015 is recommended for national approval in 13 European countries and is launched in Sweden under the brand name Terclara®. Data from phase 3 clinical trials in more than 800 patients for MOB-015 indicate that the product has the potential to become the future market leader in onychomycosis. Moberg Pharma has agreements with commercial partners in place in various regions including Europe and Canada. Moberg Pharma is headquartered in Stockholm and the Company’s shares are listed on the Small Cap list of the Nasdaq Stockholm (OMX: MOB).,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.43,0.56,True,English,"['The Nomination Committee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'proposal', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Ida Marie Lindberg', 'Kerstin Valinder Strinnholm', 'Håkan Wallin', 'Nikolaj Sørensen', 'life science companies', 'Oblique Therapeutics AB', 'The Nomination Committees', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'third largest shareholder', 'Promore Pharma AB', 'BOWS Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Moberg Pharma AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'new Nomination Committee', 'two largest shareholders', 'Chairman Gillis Cullin', 'new Board Director', 'other Board Directors', 'next year', 'two years', 'Pergamum AB', 'CombiGene AB', 'Emplicure AB', 'new member', 'new candidates', 'nominating committee', 'executive management', 'February 19th', 'following proposal', 'Östersjöstiftelsen', 'Kjelsmark Holding', 'four (4) persons', 'Anders Lundmark', 'smooth transition', 'evaluation process', 'particular focus', 'gender balance', 'three decades', 'medtech products', 'medical sciences', 'postdoctoral education', 'Southern California', 'Los Angeles', 'associate professor', 'financial instruments', 'aggregate fee', 'Jens Bertling', 'owner groups', 'share register', 'one member', 'other members', 'major shareholders', 'nominee-registered shareholders', 'management positions', 'Uppsala University', 'Directors recommendation', 'following principles', 'Jonas Ekblom', 'four members', 'responsible Auditor', 'Stockholm University', 'Company Auditors', 'Board members', 'OMX', 'Election', 'fees', 'deputies', 'term', 'role', 'intention', 'connection', 'diversity', 'time', 'research', 'development', 'public', 'Switzerland', 'USA', 'CEO', 'bachelor', 'degree', 'chemistry', 'doctorate', 'pharmacology', 'relation', 'SEK', 'accordance', 'Ernst', 'Young', 'period', 'invoice', 'work', 'votes', 'transcript', 'September', 'representative', 'mandate', 'majority', 'concert', 'governance']",2024-02-19,2024-02-19,pharmiweb.com
36361,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-kindred-072700406.html,Notice to Extraordinary General Meeting of Kindred Group plc,"NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (""EGM"") of Kindred Group plc (C 39017) (the ""Company"") convened in terms of article 135 (1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) will be held on Friday 15 March 2024 at 10:00 am CET at Kindred's office ","NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (""EGM"") of Kindred Group plc (C 39017) (the ""Company"") convened in terms of article 135 (1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) will be held on Friday 15 March 2024 at 10:00 am CET at Kindred's office  Regeringsgatan 25  Stockholm  Sweden.VALLETTA  Malta  Feb. 19  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice to holders of Swedish Depository Receipts (""SDRs"").Holders of SDRs who wish to exercise their voting right at the EGM must:(i) be registered in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Tuesday 5 March 2024 (the ""Record Date""); and(ii) no later than Friday 8 March 2024 23:59 CET either register their intention to attend the EGM  or exercise their voting rights  by following the link https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  and clicking through to Kindred Group  and logging in with BankID. BankID can also be used when voting on behalf of someone else.Alternatively  voting rights can be exercised by sending a signed proxy form  which form can be found on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or www.kindredgroup.com/egm-2024/  and send this by post or courier to Kindred Group  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm to be received no later than Friday 8 March 2024.Requirement (i): Holders of SDRs whose holding is registered in the name of a nominee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the EGM (by proxy or in person)  temporarily register their SDRs in their own name in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by the Record Date. Such holders must well before that day contact their custodian bank or brokerage to request that their holding be temporarily registered in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB before the Record Date.Requirement (ii): Holders of SDRs who will not attend the EGM in person must send their original signed proxy forms by post or courier so as to arrive  no later than Friday 8 March 2024. When submitting votes via regular mail or courier the proxy needs to be accompanied by supporting documentation showing the undersigned person(s) authority to vote on behalf of the SDR holder. The proxy and any Power of Attorney need to be submitted in original.Story continuesThe convening notice in full and the agenda of the shareholders meeting together with other EGM papers can be found on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com/egm-2024/.In the event you need assistance with  or have questions regarding  the voting procedure you can contact Euroclear via e-mail at generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com or via telephone on +46 8 402 91 33. Please note that SDR holders cannot exercise their voting rights via these channels  they are for support purposes only.All the Directors of the Company as at the date hereof  namely Evert Carlsson  Heidi Skogster  James H. Gemmel  Cédric Boireau  Jonas Jansson  Andrew McCue  Martin Randel and Kenneth Shea (together the ""Directors"") accept responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Directors  who have taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case  the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything which is likely to affect the import of such information.This document is important and requires your immediate attention as you shall be required to vote at the EGM. If you remain in doubt as to what voting action to take  you are advised to consult an appropriate independent adviser.Proposed AgendaIt is proposed that the EGM conducts the following business:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes6. Determination that the Meeting has been duly convenedSpecial business (extraordinary resolution)7. Extraordinary Resolution: That the current Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company be replaced in their entirety by the new Memorandum and Articles of Association (a copy of which was made available to shareholders at the registered office of the Company  at the Company's office in Sweden and on the Company's website since the dispatch of the notice convening this meeting).General8. Closing of the meetingInformation about proposals relating to Agenda itemsInformation about proposals related to Agenda item 2It is proposed that Johan Thiman (White & Case)  or anyone he appoints in his stead  be elected Chairman of the Meeting.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 7Amendment to the Company's Articles of Association to include squeeze-out rights for an offerorThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company which was held on 16 February 2024 (the ""Previous EGM"").At the Previous EGM  42.16 percent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.97 percent of the shares/SDRs represented (42.14 percent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favor of the Board of Directors' proposal. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution required approval by not less than 75 percent of the nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting and at least 51 percent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue and entitled to vote at the meeting. As these requirements were not met  the Board of Directors has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder/holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 percent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice for the adoption of the resolution.The Board of Directors refers to the statement of the Board of Directors of the Company in relation to the public tender offer by La Française des Jeux SA (""FDJ"")  which offer was made by FDJ on 22 January 2024 to the holders of SDRs in the Company to tender all their SDRs in the Company to FDJ for a cash consideration (the ""Offer""). Completion of the Offer is subject to a number of conditions  one of which is that the Company's Articles of Association be amended prior to the end of the acceptance period of the Offer  to allow for an owner of shares  representing not less than 90 percent of the outstanding capital of the Company carrying voting rights  to require all the other shareholders of the Company to transfer all of their shares in the Company to the owner.If this resolution proposed to be adopted by the EGM is adopted  the Company is required to amend and update its Memorandum and Articles of Association in line with article 79 of the Companies Act (Chapter 386 of the Laws of Malta).Accordingly and in order to fulfil that condition  the EGM will consider and  if thought fit  adopt the following Extraordinary Resolution:""That the current Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company be replaced in their entirety by the new Memorandum and Articles of Association (a copy of which was made available to shareholders at the registered office of the Company  at the Company's office in Sweden and on the Company's website since the dispatch of the notice convening this meeting).""Explanatory NoteThe main proposed change to the Articles of Association relates to the inclusion of a new Article 34B  in order to provide for squeeze-out rights for an offeror. The proposed new Article 34B reads as follows:SQUEEZE-OUT34B Squeeze-Out if an offeror acquires ninety percent (90%) or more of the shares or depositary receipts in respect thereof34B.1 For the purposes of this article 34B the following terms shall have the following meanings:""Bid"" shall mean a takeover offer under the Offer Regulations to all shareholders of the Company and/or to all the holders of SDRs;""Business Days"" shall mean a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in Malta and Sweden;""Offeror"" shall mean a person  or persons acting in concert  who makes a Bid;""Offer Regulations"" shall mean the ""Takeover rules for Nasdaq Stockholm and NGM Equity"" as in effect from time to time and statements and rulings in relation thereto by the Swedish Securities Council (Sw. Aktiemarknadsnämnden);""SDRs"" shall mean any Swedish Depositary Receipts representing shares in the Company and listed on Nasdaq Stockholm.34B.2 Where an Offeror has acquired or has firmly contracted to acquire  whether directly or indirectly  shares of the Company representing ninety percent (90%) or more of the outstanding capital of the Company carrying voting rights  and/or SDRs representing not less than such amount of shares in the Company  whether solely through a Bid or through a combination of a Bid and any one or more acquisitions of shares or SDRs outside the context of a Bid (including  without limitation  by means of cash or non-cash consideration)  exercises of options or warrants to receive shares or SDRs  or through any other means  the Offeror shall have the right to require all the other shareholders of the Company and all other holders of SDRs (the ""Squeezed-Out Holders"") to transfer all of their shares in the Company or SDRs to the Offeror (the ""Squeeze-Out Right"") for a consideration which  at the sole discretion of the Offeror  shall be either (a) the same consideration (in both value and form) as that offered in the Bid  or (b) a consideration equivalent in value to the consideration offered in the Bid in cash alone (the ""Consideration""). For the avoidance of doubt  any shares or SDRs held by the Company shall not be included in the calculation of the ninety percent (90%) threshold referred to above.34B.3 An Offeror may exercise its Squeeze-Out Right within ninety (90) calendar days from the acquisition of shares representing ninety percent (90%) or more of the outstanding capital of the Company carrying voting rights or the SDRs representing not less than such amount of shares in the Company  by notice in writing to the Directors specifying the Consideration payable by the Offeror to each of the Squeezed-Out Holders and any other terms upon which the Squeeze-Out Right is being exercised (including the Long-Stop Date as defined in article 34B.6 below) (the ""Squeeze-Out Notice"").34B.4 Within five (5) Business Days from the receipt of the Squeeze-Out Notice the Directors shall notify  and in the case of any SDRs  the Directors shall cause the depositary issuing the same to notify  each of the Squeezed-Out Holders in writing that the Offeror has exercised its Squeeze-Out Right (the ""Holder Squeeze-Out Notice""). The Holder Squeeze-Out Notice shall specify the date of the Squeeze-Out Notice  the Consideration to be paid to the Squeezed-Out Holders and any other terms upon which the Squeeze-Out Right is being exercised (including the Long-Stop Date as defined in article 34B.6 below) and shall be sent to the last known address of the Squeezed-Out Holders in accordance with the provisions of articles 121 to 128 below or the terms and conditions governing the SDRs  as applicable.34B.5 The Company shall also publish a company announcement on its official website notifying the public (including the Squeezed-Out Holders) that the Offeror has exercised its Squeeze-Out Right and that the Squeezed-Out Holders are obliged to transfer their shares and/or SDRs to the Offeror in accordance with the provisions of these Articles and the Holder Squeeze-Out Notice. The Holder Squeeze-Out Notice shall be annexed to said company announcement.34B.6 Each Squeezed-Out Holder shall transfer their shares and/or SDRs as the case may be to the Offeror as soon as practicable but in any event no later than forty-five (45) Business Days from the date of the Squeeze-Out Notice (the ""Long-Stop Date"") and shall enter and execute all such documents as are necessary to give effect to the transfer to the Offeror of their shares in the Company and/or SDRs. For this purpose  and for the purpose of articles 34B.7 and 34B.8 below  the Company:i. is irrevocably appointed as the attorney of the Squeezed-Out Holders; andii. may cause the depositary issuing the SDRs  any sub-custodian thereof (including a sub-custodian registered as the holder of shares in the Company) and/or the financial institution acting in its capacity as settlement agent for the Offeror (the ""Settlement Agent"") to irrevocably appoint the Company in writing as such depositary's  sub-custodian's and/or Settlement Agent's attorney;to enter and execute all such documents as are necessary to give effect to the transfer to the Offeror of the shares in the Company and/or the SDRs as the case may be. The said appointment shall be an irrevocable power of attorney by way of security for the purposes of article 1887 of the Civil Code (Chapter 16 of the laws of Malta). The Company shall be entitled and have authority to exercise the powers granted to it under said power of attorney if by the Long-Stop Date a Squeezed-Out Holder has not transferred his shares and/or SDRs to the Offeror  and the Company shall be empowered to execute such documents or take such other action as may be necessary in terms of applicable law for the squeezed-out shares and/or SDRs to be transferred to the Offeror.34B.7 Where the Offeror has elected that the Consideration is to take the form of cash  the Consideration shall within fifteen (15) Business Days of the Long-Stop Date be transferred to the Settlement Agent for the purpose of crediting the Consideration to the last bank or custody account notified to the Company by or on behalf of a Squeezed-Out Holder.34B.8 To the extent that the Consideration is to take the form of part cash and part non-cash consideration: (i) the cash component of the Consideration shall be transferred in the manner set out in article 34B.7 above; and (ii) where the non-cash component of the Consideration consists of shares and/or depository receipts in or in respect of the Offeror  such shares and/or depository receipts shall be credited to the securities account (VP Account) held in the name of each Squeezed-Out Holder or their custodian  as the case may be.In addition to the above inclusion of a new Article 34B  a number of other ancillary changes and updates to the Memorandum of Association are also being proposed  as reflected in Annex 1 to this notice  being:i. an update to clause 3 of the Memorandum of Association in relation to the restrictions on the business and activities which may be conducted by the Company;ii. the updating of details set out in the Memorandum of Association for the purpose of reflecting information filed with the Malta Business Registry.Documents available for inspectionThe following documents will be available for inspection at the Company's registered office situated at Level 2  Valletta Buildings  South Street  Valletta VLT 1103  Malta and at Kindred's office  Regeringsgatan 25  Stockholm  Sweden  for at least fourteen (14) days from the date of publication of this notice:a) the Company's existing Memorandum and Articles of Association;b) the Company's draft Memorandum and Articles of Association  as amended should the resolution set out above be passed;c) the Company's last Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2022; andd) the Company's Interim Report for the period 1 January 2023 to 30 June 2023.Directors' recommendationThe Directors  having made the necessary considerations  are of the view that the proposed resolution is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. The Directors therefore recommend that the shareholders vote in favor of the said resolution at the forthcoming EGM.For information on how personal data is processed please seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfBy order of the BoardKindred Group plcMalta  February 2024For more information:Patrick Kortman  Interim CFO  +46 723 877 438Linda Lyth  Investor Relations Manager  +46 767 681 337ir@kindredgroup.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/824/3930877/2611898.pdf Notice to Extraordinary General Meeting of Kindred Group plc https://news.cision.com/kindred-group/i/kindred-4 c3268748 Kindred 4CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-kindred-group-plc-302064864.html",neutral,0.18,0.81,0.02,positive,0.54,0.33,0.14,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Kindred Group plc', 'Notice', 'original signed proxy forms', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'James H. Gemmel', 'Cédric Boireau', 'appropriate independent adviser', 'two person(s', 'other EGM papers', 'Kindred Group plc', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'extraordinary resolution', 'Companies Act', 'voting right', 'anmalan.vpc.', 'custodian bank', 'supporting documentation', 'SDR holder', 'voting procedure', 'support purposes', 'Evert Carlsson', 'Heidi Skogster', 'Jonas Jansson', 'Andrew McCue', 'Martin Randel', 'Kenneth Shea', 'reasonable care', 'immediate attention', 'voting action', 'following business', 'voting list', 'Special business', 'current Memorandum', 'new Memorandum', 'Johan Thiman', 'nominal value', 'total shares', 'Record Date', '10:00 am CET', 'regular mail', 'Agenda items', 'Previous EGM', 'Such holders', 'registered office', 'convening notice', 'Friday 8 March', 'rights', '59 CET', 'shares/SDRs', '15 March', 'Company', 'terms', 'article', 'Cap.', 'Laws', 'Malta', 'Regeringsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'VALLETTA', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'link', 'euroclearproxy', 'BankID', 'behalf', 'someone', 'kindredgroup', 'post', 'courier', 'Box', 'Requirement', 'holding', 'name', 'nominee', 'brokerage', 'votes', 'authority', 'Power', 'Attorney', 'Story', 'shareholders', 'website', 'event', 'assistance', 'questions', 'generalmeetingservice', 'telephone', 'channels', 'Directors', 'responsibility', 'information', 'knowledge', 'belief', 'case', 'accordance', 'facts', 'import', 'doubt', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Association', 'entirety', 'copy', 'dispatch', 'Closing', 'proposals', 'White', 'stead', 'Amendment', 'offeror', 'Board', 'consideration', '16 February', '42.16 percent', 'issue', '99.97 percent', '42.14 percent', '101', '+46', '7.']",2024-02-19,2024-02-19,finance.yahoo.com
36362,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/ukraine-receives-500000-from-confiscated-russian-assets-by-us-justice-department-amid-euroclear-s-disapproval/ar-BB1iudtx,Ukraine Receives $500 000 from Confiscated Russian Assets by US Justice Department amid Euroclear’s Disapproval,The United States Department of Justice has successfully redirected half a million dollars worth of seized Russian assets to support Ukraine  despite facing opposition from Euroclear. The funds  obtained from dismantling an illegal attempt to ship high-tech American machinery to Russia ,The United States Department of Justice has successfully redirected half a million dollars worth of seized Russian assets to support Ukraine  despite facing opposition from Euroclear. The funds  obtained from dismantling an illegal attempt to ship high-tech American machinery to Russia ,negative,0.02,0.32,0.66,negative,0.02,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['US Justice Department', 'Russian Assets', 'Ukraine', 'Euroclear', 'Disapproval', 'half a million dollars worth', 'The United States Department', 'high-tech American machinery', 'Russian assets', 'illegal attempt', 'Justice', 'Ukraine', 'opposition', 'Euroclear', 'funds']",2024-02-19,2024-02-19,msn.com
36363,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/18/segro-plc-sgro-to-go-ex-dividend-on-march-14th/,SEGRO Plc (SGRO) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 14th,SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) declared a dividend on Friday  February 16th  Upcoming.Co.Uk reports. Shareholders of record on Thursday  March 14th will be paid a dividend of GBX 19.10 ($0.24) per share by the real estate investment trust on Friday  M…,SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) declared a dividend on Friday  February 16th  Upcoming.Co.Uk reports. Shareholders of record on Thursday  March 14th will be paid a dividend of GBX 19.10 ($0.24) per share by the real estate investment trust on Friday  May 3rd. This represents a yield of 2.29%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday  March 14th. This is a positive change from SEGRO’s previous dividend of $8.70. The official announcement can be accessed at this link.SEGRO Trading Up 1.9 %Shares of SGRO opened at GBX 849.40 ($10.73) on Friday. The stock has a fifty day moving average price of GBX 862.08 and a two-hundred day moving average price of GBX 787.19. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 48.83  a quick ratio of 0.62 and a current ratio of 0.48. SEGRO has a 52-week low of GBX 675 ($8.52) and a 52-week high of GBX 913 ($11.53). The company has a market cap of £10.45 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of -312.28  a PEG ratio of 2.12 and a beta of 0.74.Get SEGRO alerts:Analyst Ratings ChangesSeveral research firms have recently commented on SGRO. Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of SEGRO in a research note on Friday. Berenberg Bank reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 863 ($10.90) target price on shares of SEGRO in a research note on Thursday  February 8th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 911.60 ($11.51).SEGRO Company Profile(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.3 million square metres of space (110 million square feet) valued at £21.0 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.02,True,English,"['SEGRO Plc', 'March 14th', 'SGRO', 'Ex-Dividend', 'fifty day moving average price', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Co.Uk reports', '10.3 million square metres', '110 million square feet', 'concise daily summary', 'consensus target price', 'Several research firms', 'Get Free Report', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', 'Two research analysts', 'London Stock Exchange', 'SEGRO Company Profile', 'email address', 'SEGRO Daily', 'research note', 'consensus rating', ""analysts' ratings"", 'ex-dividend date', 'positive change', 'official announcement', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'Shore Capital', 'buy” rating', 'Berenberg Bank', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Moderate Buy', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'Featured Stories', 'related companies', 'SEGRO Plc', 'SEGRO Trading', 'SEGRO alerts', 'March 14th', 'latest news', 'previous dividend', 'SGRO', 'Friday', 'February', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'Thursday', 'GBX', '3rd', 'yield', 'link', 'Shares', 'debt', 'beta', 'data', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers']",2024-02-18,2024-02-19,etfdailynews.com
36364,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/18/bank-julius-baer-co-ltd-zurich-invests-189000-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich Invests $189 000 in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the third quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund purchased 1 336…,Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the third quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund purchased 1 336 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $189 000.Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC increased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.8% during the third quarter. CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC now owns 8 672 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 104 000 after acquiring an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Sfmg LLC increased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 2.7% during the third quarter. Sfmg LLC now owns 2 896 shares of the company’s stock valued at $410 000 after acquiring an additional 76 shares during the last quarter. Lodestone Wealth Management LLC increased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 3.8% during the third quarter. Lodestone Wealth Management LLC now owns 2 161 shares of the company’s stock valued at $306 000 after acquiring an additional 79 shares during the last quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. increased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.8% during the second quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. now owns 10 685 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 599 000 after acquiring an additional 81 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. increased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.8% during the second quarter. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 4 721 shares of the company’s stock valued at $706 000 after acquiring an additional 85 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceNYSEARCA:RSP opened at $160.03 on Friday. The stock has a 50-day simple moving average of $156.92 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $149.06. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52-week low of $133.34 and a 52-week high of $161.09. The firm has a market capitalization of $45.24 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'Co.', 'Zurich', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC', '50-day simple moving average', 'Lodestone Wealth Management LLC', 'Johnson Investment Counsel Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'Other large investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'daily performance', 'Sfmg LLC', 'Free Report', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Co. Ltd', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'third quarter', 'recent disclosure', 'Exchange Commission', 'last quarter', 'second quarter', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 70 shares', 'additional 76 shares', 'additional 79 shares', 'additional 81 shares', 'additional 85 shares', 'new position', '1,336 shares', '8,672 shares', '2,896 shares', '2,161 shares', '10,685 shares', '4,721 shares', 'Zurich', 'fund', 'Friday', 'firm', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-02-18,2024-02-19,etfdailynews.com
36365,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/18/prudential-plc-sells-666-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Prudential PLC Sells 666 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Prudential PLC reduced its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 5.7% in the third quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 10 929 shares of…,Prudential PLC reduced its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 5.7% in the third quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 10 929 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 666 shares during the period. Prudential PLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $2 880 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Sunbelt Securities Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 1st quarter valued at $26 000. Focused Wealth Management Inc purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 2nd quarter valued at $29 000. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at $29 000. Live Oak Investment Partners purchased a new position in Public Storage in the fourth quarter worth $34 000. Finally  Avior Wealth Management LLC grew its position in Public Storage by 49.5% in the third quarter. Avior Wealth Management LLC now owns 145 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $38 000 after acquiring an additional 48 shares in the last quarter. 78.75% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Wall Street Analyst Weigh InPSA has been the subject of several research reports. Scotiabank initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  February 13th. They issued a “sector perform” rating and a $267.00 target price for the company. Wells Fargo & Company lowered shares of Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $270.00 to $280.00 in a research report on Tuesday  December 12th. Evercore ISI upped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the stock an “in-line” rating in a research report on Monday  November 27th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price target for the company. Finally  Truist Financial upped their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  December 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  five have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat.com  Public Storage presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $293.00.Insiders Place Their BetsIn other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total value of $74 775.05. Following the sale  the insider now owns 13 021 shares in the company  valued at $3 674 135.57. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC  which is available through the SEC website. In other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total transaction of $74 775.05. Following the sale  the insider now owns 13 021 shares in the company  valued at $3 674 135.57. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC  which is available at this link. Also  Director John Reyes sold 50 000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday  December 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $275.98  for a total transaction of $13 799 000.00. Following the sale  the director now owns 174 192 shares in the company  valued at approximately $48 073 508.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter  insiders have sold 55 265 shares of company stock worth $15 170 525. 11.00% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders.Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of PSA opened at $281.52 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $49.50 billion  a PE ratio of 25.80  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 3.87 and a beta of 0.55. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54  a quick ratio of 0.98 and a current ratio of 0.98. Public Storage has a fifty-two week low of $233.18 and a fifty-two week high of $316.48. The firm’s 50-day simple moving average is $291.14 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is $274.33.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Prudential PLC', 'Public Storage', '666 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '217 million net rentable square feet', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'Avior Wealth Management LLC', 'Focused Wealth Management Inc', '50-day simple moving average', 'real estate investment trust', 'Live Oak Investment Partners', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'other Public Storage news', 'One investment analyst', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Sunbelt Securities Inc.', 'other institutional investors', '35% common equity interest', 'several research reports', 'sector perform” rating', 'equal weight” rating', 'Other hedge funds', 'Director John Reyes', 'Public Storage alerts', 'average target price', 'recent 13F filing', 'other news', 'average price', '$267.00 target price', '$250.00 price target', 'recent quarter', 'equity ratio', 'price objective', 'research note', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'consensus rating', 'Prudential PLC', 'Free Report', 'third quarter', 'Exchange Commission', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'Wells Fargo', 'Evercore ISI', 'January 30th', 'Truist Financial', 'MarketBeat.com', 'total value', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'fifty-two week', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', '267 self-storage f', 'new position', 'hold rating', 'United States', 'NYSE:PSA', 'total transaction', 'SEC website', 'additional 48 shares', 'company insiders', 'company stock', '40 states', '10,929 shares', '666 shares', '145 shares', '265 shares', '13,021 shares', '50,000 shares', '174,192 shares', 'period', 'holdings', 'end', 'changes', 'positions', 'subject', 'Scotiabank', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'December', 'line', 'Monday', 'November', 'Thursday', 'data', 'Bets', 'sale', 'Wednesday', 'link', 'disclosure', 'Friday', 'beta', 'debt', 'firm', 'member', 'REIT', 'September', 'interests']",2024-02-18,2024-02-19,etfdailynews.com
36366,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/18/public-storage-psa-to-release-earnings-on-tuesday/,Public Storage (PSA) to Release Earnings on Tuesday,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) is scheduled to be posting its quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Tuesday  February 20th. Analysts expect Public Storage to post earnings of $4.16 per share for the quarter. Individual interested …,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) is scheduled to be posting its quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Tuesday  February 20th. Analysts expect Public Storage to post earnings of $4.16 per share for the quarter. Individual interested in listening to the company’s earnings conference call can do so using this link.Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of Public Storage stock opened at $281.52 on Friday. The company has a current ratio of 0.98  a quick ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The stock has a market capitalization of $49.50 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.80  a P/E/G ratio of 3.94 and a beta of 0.55. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $316.48. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $291.14 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $274.33.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesPSA has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Truist Financial increased their price target on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  December 28th. Scotiabank started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  February 13th. They issued a “sector perform” rating and a $267.00 price objective on the stock. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective on the stock. Wells Fargo & Company lowered shares of Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $270.00 to $280.00 in a report on Tuesday  December 12th. Finally  StockNews.com started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Saturday  October 21st. They issued a “hold” rating on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  five have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $293.00.Insider Activity at Public StorageIn related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total value of $74 775.05. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $3 674 135.57. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC  which can be accessed through the SEC website. In related news  Director John Reyes sold 50 000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday  December 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $275.98  for a total value of $13 799 000.00. Following the completion of the transaction  the director now owns 174 192 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $48 073 508.16. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC  which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total transaction of $74 775.05. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now directly owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 674 135.57. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days  insiders sold 55 265 shares of company stock valued at $15 170 525. Corporate insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Institutional Inflows and OutflowsHedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Neo Ivy Capital Management bought a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 2nd quarter valued at about $126 000. Dagco Inc. bought a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at about $106 000. Zions Bancorporation N.A. grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 157.0% in the 1st quarter. Zions Bancorporation N.A. now owns 257 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $100 000 after acquiring an additional 157 shares during the period. Clearstead Advisors LLC boosted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 19.3% during the 3rd quarter. Clearstead Advisors LLC now owns 322 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $94 000 after buying an additional 52 shares during the period. Finally  Money Concepts Capital Corp boosted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 41.1% during the 4th quarter. Money Concepts Capital Corp now owns 295 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $83 000 after buying an additional 86 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Company Profile(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'PSA', 'Earnings', 'Tuesday', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'Neo Ivy Capital Management', 'real estate investment trust', 'Money Concepts Capital Corp', 'Zions Bancorporation N.A.', '50-day moving average price', 'several research analyst reports', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'One research analyst', 'Clearstead Advisors LLC', 'quarterly earnings results', 'earnings conference call', 'sector perform” rating', 'equal weight” rating', 'average target price', 'Director John Reyes', 'other institutional investors', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage stock', 'price target', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'research note', '$267.00 price objective', '$250.00 price objective', 'Institutional Inflows', 'earnings ratio', 'buy” rating', 'sell” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'consensus rating', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'Truist Financial', 'Wells Fargo', 'StockNews.com', 'MarketBeat.com', 'related news', 'total value', 'legal filing', 'last 90 days', 'Hedge funds', 'Dagco Inc.', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', '1st quarter', '3rd quarter', 'Insider Activity', 'new position', 'market capitalization', 'SEC website', 'Corporate insiders', 'December 28th', 'December 12th', 'additional 157 shares', 'additional 52 shares', 'additional 86 shares', 'total transaction', 'company stock', '265 shares', '13,021 shares', '50,000 shares', '174,192 shares', '257 shares', '322 shares', '295 shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'Analysts', 'Individual', 'link', 'Friday', 'debt', 'beta', 'firm', 'Downgrades', 'topic', 'Thursday', 'Scotiabank', 'coverage', 'Saturday', 'data', 'Wednesday', 'completion', 'Monday', 'disclosure', 'sale', 'Outflows', 'holdings', 'period', 'member', 'REIT', 'September', '11.']",2024-02-18,2024-02-19,etfdailynews.com
36367,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61437039-ikonisys-sa-ikonisys-announces-that-hospitex-international-won-the-public-tender-of-the-prestigious-u-o-c-pathological-anatomy-of-ragusa-004.htm,Ikonisys SA: Ikonisys Announces That Hospitex International Won the Public Tender of the Prestigious U.O.C. Pathological Anatomy of Ragusa,Ikonisys SA (Euronext Growth Paris: ALIKO)  a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  today announces that Hospitex International  world leader in ...,"Regulatory News:Ikonisys SA (Euronext Growth Paris: ALIKO)  a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  today announces that Hospitex International  world leader in thin layer cytology and cancer diagnostics  has won the public tender for the in-service supply of diagnostic systems of the U.O.C. Pathological Anatomy of Ragusa.This follows the launch of an open procedure for the in-service supply of diagnostic systems to be allocated to the Public Health Laboratory Unit and the Public Health Laboratory U.O.C. Pathological Anatomy of Ragusa.The supply  divided into 2 lots for a total amount of nearly €800k  was to be awarded on the basis of the lowest price per single lot. The commission was held in a public session and proceeded to the review of administrative and technical documentation for the assessment of participating companies' actual compliance.Hospitex International  which has always been committed to the development of innovative and efficient instruments for early diagnosis of cancer was awarded the ""full risk"" in-service supply of the CYTOfast system for a total amount of €260k.Mario Crovetto  CEO of Ikonisys and Alessandro Nosei  COO of Hospitex  said: ""This is another important step achieved by Hospitex International  which aims to ensure greater diagnostic accuracy coupled with user-friendly diagnosis. This attests of the importance of combining our companies' expertise to become an integrated diagnostic leader for cancer and we look forward to closing the acquisition.""About Hospitex InternationalHospitex International is the world leading company for cytology standardized monolayer preparations. With CYTOfast it has re-invented the cytological diagnostics. Hospitex offers a full range of integrated solutions aimed at streamlining diagnostic processes in cytology. The global shortage of expertise in pathology requires tools and technologies that enable diagnostic safety  efficiency and capacity building. In this area  Hospitex is recognized as the precision diagnostics player in cytology.For more information: https://www.hospitex.com/en/About IkonisysIkonisys SA is a cell-based diagnostics company based in Paris (France)  New Haven (Connecticut  USA) and Milan (Italy) specialized in the early and accurate detection of cancer. The company develops  produces and markets the proprietary Ikoniscope20® and Ikoniscope20max® platforms  fully-automated solutions designed to deliver accurate and reliable detection and analysis of rare and very rare cells. Ikonisys has received FDA clearance for several automated diagnostic applications  which are also marketed in Europe under CE certification. Through its breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform  the company continues to develop a stream of new tests  including liquid biopsy tests based on Circulating Tumor Cells (CTC).For further information  please go to www.ikonisys-finance.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's prospects and development. These statements are sometimes identified by the use of the future tense  the conditional tense and forward-looking words such as ""believe""  ""aim to""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""believe""  ""should""  ""could""  ""would"" or ""will"" or  where appropriate  the negative of these terms or any other similar variants or expressions. This information is not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data set forth will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. It is subject to change or modification due to uncertainties relating to the economic  financial  competitive and regulatory environment. This information contains data relating to the Company's intentions  estimates and objectives concerning  in particular  the market  strategy  growth  results  financial situation and cash flow of the Company. The forward-looking information contained in this press release is made only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information contained in this press release  except as required by applicable law or regulation. The Company operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment and therefore cannot anticipate all of the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of any one risk or combination of risks could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking information  it being recalled that none of this forward-looking information constitutes a guarantee of actual results.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240218766151/en/Contacts:Hospitex InternationalMarco TestiniInvestor Relationsmarco.testini@hospitex.comIkonisysAlessandro MauriCFOinvestors@ikonisys.comNewCapLouis-Victor Delouvrier/Aurélie ManavarereInvestor Relationsikonisys@newcap.euTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94NewCapNicolas MerigeauMedia Relationsikonisys@newcap.euTel.:+33 (0)1 44 71 94 98",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,mixed,0.23,0.28,0.48,True,English,"['Prestigious U.O.C. Pathological Anatomy', 'Hospitex International', 'Public Tender', 'Ikonisys SA', 'Ragusa', 'Public Health Laboratory U.O.C. Pathological Anatomy', 'Public Health Laboratory Unit', 'breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform', 'unique, fully automated solution', 'cytology standardized monolayer preparations', 'several automated diagnostic applications', 'View source version', 'Aurélie Manav', 'greater diagnostic accuracy', 'precision diagnostics player', 'liquid biopsy tests', 'Circulating Tumor Cells', 'other similar variants', 'rapidly changing environment', 'thin layer cytology', 'medical analysis laboratories', 'integrated diagnostic leader', 'economic, financial, competitive', 'world leading company', 'cell-based diagnostics company', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'public tender', 'public session', 'automated solutions', 'world leader', 'diagnostic systems', 'diagnostic processes', 'diagnostic safety', 'cytological diagnostics', 'integrated solutions', 'new tests', 'regulatory environment', 'financial situation', 'other factors', 'open procedure', 'total amount', 'lowest price', 'single lot', 'technical documentation', 'actual compliance', 'efficient instruments', 'full risk', 'Mario Crovetto', 'Alessandro Nosei', 'important step', 'user-friendly diagnosis', 'full range', 'global shortage', 'capacity building', 'New Haven', 'proprietary Ikoniscope20®', 'Ikoniscope20max® platforms', 'reliable detection', 'rare cells', 'FDA clearance', 'CE certification', 'press release', 'future tense', 'conditional tense', 'forward-looking words', 'cash flow', 'applicable law', 'potential impact', 'one risk', 'Investor Relations', 'Alessandro Mauri', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'cancer diagnostics', 'service supply', 'accurate detection', 'Hospitex International', 'The Company', 'Regulatory News', 'CYTOfast system', ""companies' expertise"", 'forward-looking statements', 'Marco Testini', 'looking information', 'early diagnosis', 'actual results', 'Ikonisys SA', 'historical data', 'ALIKO', 'cancers', 'Ragusa', 'launch', '2 lots', '800k', 'basis', 'commission', 'review', 'administrative', 'assessment', 'development', 'innovative', 'CEO', 'COO', 'importance', 'acquisition', 'pathology', 'tools', 'technologies', 'efficiency', 'area', 'France', 'Connecticut', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'stream', 'CTC', 'finance', 'Disclaimer', 'prospects', 'terms', 'expressions', 'guarantee', 'facts', 'assumptions', 'estimates', 'change', 'modification', 'uncertainties', 'intentions', 'objectives', 'market', 'strategy', 'date', 'regulation', 'risks', 'business', 'extent', 'materialization', 'combination', 'none', 'Contacts', 'CFO', 'NewCap']",2024-02-06,2024-02-19,finanznachrichten.de
36368,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ph.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/ferrari-advances-with-significant-share-buyback-program-93CH-1128817,Ferrari advances with significant share buyback program By Investing.com,MARANELLO - Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: NYSE:RACE)  the Italian luxury sports car manufacturer  has continued its share repurchase strategy  buying back shares as part of a significant multi-year program.,Published Feb 19  2024 19:36© ReutersRACE +0.03% Add to/Remove from a PortfolioMARANELLO - Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: NYSE: )  the Italian luxury sports car manufacturer  has continued its share repurchase strategy  buying back shares as part of a significant multi-year program. The company disclosed the recent acquisition of 20 888 common shares on the Euronext Milan (EXM) at an average price of €359.35 per share  totaling €7 506 037.63. The transactions were carried out between Monday and Friday of last week.This move is a segment of the fourth tranche of Ferrari’s extensive share buyback initiative  which was publicized on November 7  2023. The program is expected to reach approximately €2B by 2026  as outlined during the Capital Markets Day in 2022. Since the inception of this tranche  Ferrari has invested a total of €114 450 375.28 to repurchase 350 571 common shares on the EXM and an additional USD 30 295 782.71 (€27 798 654.09) for 83 738 common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).As of February 16  2024  Ferrari holds 13 693 051 common shares in treasury  which represents 5.33% of the total issued share capital  accounting for both common and special voting shares  after adjusting for shares allocated under the company's equity incentive plan.Since the commencement of the multi-year buyback program on July 1  2022  Ferrari has acquired a cumulative total of 2 768 593 own common shares on both EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  with a total consideration of €701 445 790.52.The details of these transactions and a comprehensive overview of the buyback program are available on Ferrari’s corporate website in the Buyback Programs section. This information is based on a press release statement issued by Ferrari N.V.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['significant share buyback program', 'Ferrari', 'Investing', 'Italian luxury sports car manufacturer', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'extensive share buyback initiative', 'equity incentive plan', 'Buyback Programs section', 'press release statement', 'share repurchase strategy', 'Capital Markets Day', 'significant multi-year program', 'multi-year buyback program', 'special voting shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'share capital', 'recent acquisition', 'Euronext Milan', 'average price', 'last week', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'T&C.', '20,888 common shares', '350,571 common shares', '83,738 common shares', '13,693,051 common shares', 'fourth tranche', 'cumulative total', 'total consideration', 'Feb', 'Reuters', 'RACE', 'Portfolio', 'MARANELLO', 'NYSE/EXM', 'part', 'company', 'transactions', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'move', 'segment', 'November', 'inception', 'treasury', 'commencement', 'July', 'Sell', 'details', 'information', 'article', 'support', 'editor', '©']",2024-02-19,2024-02-19,ph.investing.com
36369,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-112900670.html,Ferrari N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fourth Tranche”) ,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  February 19  2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fourth Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)12/02/2024 EXM 4 155 362.2143 1 505 000.42 13/02/2024 EXM 4 255 355.4214 1 512 318.06 14/02/2024 EXM 4 246 355.0780 1 507 661.19 15/02/2024 EXM 4 126 360.3292 1 486 718.28 16/02/2024 EXM 4 106 363.9405 1 494 339.69Total- 20 888 359.3469 7 506 037.63(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Fourth Tranche till February 16  2024  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 114 450 375.28 for No. 350 571 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 30 295 782.71 (Euro 27 798 654.09*) for No. 83 738 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of February 16  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 13 693 051 common shares equal to 5.33% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since the start of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day  on July 1  2022  until February 16  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 2 768 593 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 701 445 790.52.Story continuesA comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Ferrari N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '350 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 350,571 common shares', 'No. 83,738 common shares', 'share capital', 'Stock Exchange', '13,693,051 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'fourth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'February', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'November', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', '24 EXM', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'start', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'Story', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '2,76']",2024-02-19,2024-02-19,finance.yahoo.com
36370,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1107869020/Cabka-Supervisory-Board-Appoints-Niek-Hoek-As-Chairman,Cabka Supervisory Board Appoints Niek Hoek As Chairman,The Supervisory Board of Cabka appointed Mr. Niek Hoek as chairman of the Supervisory Board. Niek Hoek is a former Executive Director of Dutch Star Companies and was appointed as member of the Supervisory Board on behalf of Dutch Star Companies shareholders in 2022.,(MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire - Nasdaq) Amsterdam February 19  2024. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries“Cabka”  or the“Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announced the appointment of Niek Hoek as chairman of its Supervisory Board as of today.The Supervisory Board of Cabka appointed Mr. Niek Hoek as chairman of the Supervisory Board. Niek Hoek is a former Executive Director of Dutch Star Companies and was appointed as member of the Supervisory Board on behalf of Dutch Star Companies shareholders in 2022.The appointment was supported by the full board  as part of a rotation following the midterm internal review. Mr. Manuel Beja will continue as vice chairperson of the Supervisory Board.Financial Reporting Calendar 2024March 20 Preliminary Results 2023April 18 Publication Annual Report 2023 and Trading Update 2024Q1May 30 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersAugust 13 Half-Year Results and Half-Year Report 2024 October 21 Trading Update 2024Q3For more information  please contact:Frank Roerink  CFO...+49 152 04623490About CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO products are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ''forward-looking statements''. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ''believes''  ''estimates''  ''plans''  ''projects''  ''anticipates''  ''expects''  ''intends''  ''may''  ''will'' or 'should'' or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company's business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.Attachment20240219 Niek Hoek chairman CabkaCONTACT: Frank Roerink  CFO ... +49 152 04623490 cabka,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.3,0.4,True,English,"['Cabka Supervisory Board', 'Niek Hoek', 'Chairman', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'international securities identification number', 'May 30 Annual General Meeting', 'Dutch Star Companies shareholders', 'Niek Hoek chairman Cabka', 'former Executive Director', 'midterm internal review', 'Mr. Manuel Beja', 'large container solutions', 'logistics chain sustainability', 'EU) No 596/2014', 'Mr. Niek Hoek', 'Financial Reporting Calendar', 'road safety products', 'full value chain', 'Publication Annual Report', 'rare industry knowledge', 'Cabka N.V.', 'March 20 Preliminary Results', 'The Supervisory Board', 'full board', 'Half-Year Report', 'ECO products', 'financial position', 'MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire', 'vice chairperson', 'Trading Update', 'Half-Year Results', 'Frank Roerink', 'integrated approach', 'innovation center', 'attractive returns', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'actual results', 'current view', 'future performance', 'undue reliance', 'market abuse', 'looking statements', 'The Company', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'plastic waste', 'post-industrial waste', 'CABKA ticker', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'other risks', 'inside information', 'post-consumer waste', '1 March', 'Nasdaq', 'subsidiaries', 'RTP', 'appointment', 'today', 'member', 'behalf', 'part', 'rotation', 'April', 'August', 'October', 'CFO', 'business', 'construction', 'recycling', 'manufacturing', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'terms', 'plans', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'strategy', 'objectives', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'Readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'law', 'document', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'Attachment', 'CONTACT']",2024-02-19,2024-02-19,menafn.com
