UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57320,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/b0cddeb4a70097b8,Magnora ASA (STU:4SM) (Q2 2026) Earnings Call Highlights: Strategic Shift to Harvest Phase and ..,This article first appeared on GuruFocus.Release Date: August 26  2026For the complete transcript of the earnings call  please refer to the full earnings call transcript.Positive Points- Successfully listed Magnora Data Center on Euronext Growth  raising …,This article first appeared on GuruFocus.Release Date: August 26  2026For the complete transcript of the earnings call  please refer to the full earnings call transcript.Positive Points- Successfully listed Magnora Data Center on Euronext Growth  raising NOK650 million in cash while…This story appeared on finance.yahoo.com   2026-08-26 15:01:16.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.57,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['Earnings Call Highlights', 'Magnora ASA', 'Strategic Shift', 'Harvest Phase', 'STU', '4SM', 'full earnings call transcript', 'Magnora Data Center', 'complete transcript', 'Release Date', 'Positive Points', 'Euronext Growth', 'finance.yahoo', 'article', 'GuruFocus', 'August', 'NOK650', 'cash', 'story']",2026-08-26,2026-08-27,biztoc.com
57321,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/08/26/why-samaras-willtake-his-time-with-the-party-k-m-writes-about-the-thessaloniki-international-fair-his-no-meeting-with-erdogan-in-washington-piraeus-bank-moves-ahead-with-iaso/,Why Samaras will…take his time with the party  K.M. writes about the Thessaloniki International Fair  his no-meeting with Erdogan in Washington & Piraeus Bank moves ahead with IASO,The VLCC that doubled in price after leaving Greek hands & waiting for NVIDIAThe post Why Samaras will…take his time with the party  K.M. writes about the Thessaloniki International Fair  his no-meeting with Erdogan in Washington & Piraeus Bank moves ahead w…,Newsroom August 26 08:52Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello  before I get into the current developments  let me tell you some news from the reporting I did on Samaras’s party. My source tells me that he will delay it for as long as possible  without  of course  that meaning he is still thinking about it. No — I am told there are no second thoughts; he will do it  but… as is well known  Samaras is no newcomer  so he knows that there is a difference between anticipation and intrigue on the one hand  and what happens once it is announced and pollsters start measuring it on the other. Besides  as a party  it will have to present a team  people  positions  etc. Difficult things  and with a significant degree of uncertainty. Of course  my same source tells me  “We said he would take his time  but not until Christmas.”K.M. on the Thessaloniki International FairNow to the day-to-day matters: during these first few days  K.M. is dealing almost exclusively with the Thessaloniki International Fair  both with his speech and with the substance  the content of the announcements. Yesterday he met with Pierrakakis and Petralia — not that this is… any great news  because  as is well known  Mitsotakis concerns himself with every last detail  especially on economic matters. Let me also raise a question — although it is not exclusively an economic one  but an environmental issue. In the recent bill concerning construction near the seashore  it is stipulated that you can build 25 meters away. In the rest of Europe  if I am not mistaken  construction is permitted 100 meters from the seashore. Shouldn’t they take another look at this?A meeting with a menu — and fuelYesterday at noon at the Ministry of Finance  Pierrakakis and Theodorikakos had a detailed working discussion about what is called the “cost of living ” as there is concern within the government about how the winter will unfold and about rising fuel prices. Given that the situation in the Gulf is not improving  meaning that pressure on prices at the pump will continue  the government is discussing extending the fuel subsidy at least through September  while discussions are also “underway” these days with the refineries (Helleniq Energy and Motor Oil) to continue their own contribution  which has kept prices at more manageable levels.Communication “accelerator” for the Recovery FundK.M. has instructed his ministers to start talking more about the Recovery Fund and explaining its benefits for the Greek economy. That is why government spokesman Marinakis spoke about it yesterday on SKAI  and other ministers will continue to emphasize this issue in the coming period. It is nevertheless a given that all ministers need to be sending the same message  at least that is K.M.’s view. From October onward  there will also be a major event presenting and reviewing the results  at which the President of the European Commission  Ursula von der Leyen  may also be present.No meetingsAnd since I am on Mitsotakis’s schedule  let me tell you that no meeting with Erdoğan is planned in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly. Likewise  no contact between Gerapetritis and Fidan is planned. And what would they say to each other anyway at this stage  given where things stand  with an autumn expected to have quite a few incidents? K.M. will go to New York around September 20  while after his meetings and contacts he will also spend a few days in San Francisco  where he will meet with big tech companies.What applies to salaries at the PresidencyAs we get closer to the elections  a lot of fake news will circulate; that is the only certainty. But some have also targeted the Presidency of the Republic with reports about the granting of an allowance to its employees. As clarified by the Presidential Mansion on Herodou Attikou Street  this is neither a new benefit nor a “20% increase ” but the restoration of an allowance that was abolished in 2014 in the core public sector. According to the same briefing  this particular allowance has already been restored over the past five or six years in most public-sector services. Essentially  therefore  this is a restoration — after 12 years — to almost the same level as the rest of the public sector  and not a “20% increase.” The Presidential Mansion also emphasizes that its employees are normally covered by the Unified Pay Scale and do not enjoy any special or preferential salary regime  as the Unified Pay Scale of the Public Sector is fully and consistently applied. Apart from the position allowance for directors and supervisors  which applies throughout the public sector  there is no other allowance. In other words  the Presidency’s position is that this is a salary restoration after 12 years and alignment with what already applies elsewhere in the public sector. After all  the Presidency’s employees are not some privileged class  but ordinary public servants who simply happen to serve the country’s highest institution.Patelis MacroIn a LinkedIn post  former director of K.M.’s economic office Alexis Patelis announced the launch of his company  Patelis Macro  which will specialize in investment advisory services and wealth management. He already has strong connections with former clients and major family offices  while the offices will be in Athens. The client list will not be allowed to “stretch ” and as he himself writes  access will be limited  while the focus will be on global macro.Full steam ahead for IASODiscussions over the deal for the acquisition of IASO by Strinx Holdings (25% controlled by Piraeus Bank) are at an advanced stage  with sources estimating that the agreement will be completed by the end of the year. Naturally  additional time will be required to obtain approval from the Competition Commission  as the ultimate objective is to vertically integrate the services following the acquisition of National Insurance by Piraeus Bank as well  in order to create major synergies and added value.Henry Dunant Hospital and Euromedica’s clinics belong to HMITHEA Medical Group  which is controlled by investment fund Blantyre Capital and Piraeus Bank. Of course  competitors  particularly in the healthcare sector  do not view the development involving IASO favorably  so they will presumably seek to make approval by the Competition Commission more difficult.As for the earlier scenario concerning the acquisition of Bioiatriki  it remains at an early stage. It would probably be wrong to say that it has been shelved  but it has been frozen  and no one is expressing certainty that it will ultimately go ahead. It should be noted that the Bioiatriki Group has significantly improved its financial figures  so if the deal proceeds  it will also involve a different price.Restaurants–supermarkets  score 2 (but tourism is changing)The “democratization of air travel” has filled Greece with visitors from abroad  but it has limited the spending power of their wallets. In all of the country’s popular tourist destinations  the conclusion is the same. More visitors  lower per-capita spending. Spending has moved from local tavernas to the refrigerators of accommodations. Local supermarkets experienced their “golden age” this summer. In Mykonos  six new “souvlaki shops” opened this year  betting on value-for-money tourists. According to Nielsen IQ  65% of holidaymakers prepare their own snacks and 27% even prepare their own dinner. Restaurant turnover fell for the second consecutive quarter  to €5.30 billion in the six-month period  compared with €5.42 billion last year. That means €122 million less in revenue  with prices up 6.4%. By contrast  the FMCG market is heading toward a new historic record  surpassing the €14.09 billion recorded in 2025  with island destinations showing the highest rates of growth in supermarkets. The summer of change has its own geography. Receipts from outside the EU increased by 19.7%  compared with 10.7% from the EU  with Americans spending approximately €1 190 per trip (+20%)  while Germany  hit by the climate and economic crisis  showed the obvious strain on household incomes.No Greek stock in FTSE Russell’s large-cap segmentNot one or two  but… 62 Greek stocks are entering FTSE Russell’s developed-market indices as of September 21. The news is well known  but what no announcement mentions is that no Greek stock is classified as large-cap in the index. The four systemic banks  OTE  and PPC are all considered Mid Cap. The entry threshold for Large Caps in Developed Europe is $29.1 billion in market capitalization. In Emerging Europe it was $4.5 billion. There  our banks were giants. Here  Greece accounts for 0.056% of the FTSE Developed and 0.050% of the FTSE All-World. A $10 billion portfolio tracking the index will put $5.6 million into Greece as a whole. The winners in this story are hidden in the comparison with the previous indicative list. In April  using December 2025 data  FTSE placed Cenergy  GEK TERNA  and Viohalco in Small Caps. Now all three have moved up into Mid Cap. Jumbo remained Small. New entrants that were not on the list then are AVAX  CrediaBank  ELVALHALCOR  Euronext Athens  and the entire group of 30 Micro Caps. The major absence from this list is Metlen  which chose London and has been a member of the FTSE 100 since September 2025.Banking index at an 11-year high  reaches 3 100 pointsBank stocks maintained their leading role on the Athens Stock Exchange  driving the sector index to 3 100 points  a level recorded for the first time since mid-November 2015. Eurobank showed the strongest momentum  reaching an 11-year record by closing at €4.58  at August 2015 levels  after having broken through €4.60 intraday. This impressive rise lifted Eurobank’s market capitalization to €16.5 billion  widening the gap over National Bank of Greece  which is valued at €15.2 billion. CrediaBank also had a positive showing  continuing its strong upward move for a second consecutive day and managing to reclaim the psychologically important €1 level.GEK TERNA sets its sights on historic highsThe GEK TERNA share is once again displaying strong momentum  managing to reclaim €46. With this move  it came notably close to its all-time high of €47  which it recorded at the beginning of last July  confirming its long-term upward trajectory. Investor confidence remains elevated  as both domestic and international firms place the group’s fair value significantly above current levels. Characteristically  UBS maintains a “buy” recommendation with a €55 price target  seeing strong growth prospects. Along the same lines  the analysis by AXIA – Alpha Finance  which set the target at €55.20  anticipates steadily increasing dividend returns of up to €0.60 per share by 2030  with strong fundamentals and major concession projects serving as catalysts.Allwyn: “Sees” €15 again ahead of resultsStrong buying interest is emerging in the Allwyn share  recording a three-day positive streak that peaked with yesterday’s gain of around 2.75%. In this way  it moved above €14.50  reaching a new four-month high and setting its sights on the critical €15 level  where it was trading at the beginning of last April. The investment community’s attention is turning to the second-quarter financial results  which will be announced tomorrow before the opening of trading on the Athens Stock Exchange. Attention will focus on the scheduled conference call with analysts and investors that same day at 16:00 Greek time  where management will present the group’s financial figures and outlook  setting the tone for the stock’s future course.A man who “built” the banks’ images is goneLoukas Petrounias lost his life last Saturday  August 22  after falling into a ravine on Mount Olympus while returning from Mytikas. The market knew him as Chief Marketing Officer at Piraeus Bank. Few remember that he had worked for the bank even before he was hired. In 2013  as Executive Director of Solid  he signed off on the campaign for the Olympiacos F.C. MasterCard  at a time when Piraeus Bank was absorbing ATEbank  Geniki  Millennium  and the Greek networks of the Cypriot banks. He joined the bank in 2015  the year of the third recapitalization  and rose to the top of marketing when Piraeus had fully returned to the private sector. In between  he worked across Customer Experience  Loyalty  and Marketing and found himself at the heart of the bank’s biggest image transformation. When  in May 2024  “Piraeus Bank” became “Piraeus ” the winbank app was renamed Piraeus app and the three diagonal lines in the logo changed direction  from left to right  signaling a bank that was now looking ahead. He worked at Solid for more than 11 years  building the digital department from scratch in 2011  at a time when most advertisers were cutting their advertising budgets. He taught Communication Strategy  Storytelling  and Digital Marketing at Panteion University. He built brands that looked ahead. He left while looking toward the summit.Significant developments at the Banks of a United EuropeFor many years  Europe sold its banks far too cheaply  particularly compared with American banks. Today things have changed  and Bloomberg — with a simple chart — shows that markets are “seeing” a wave of mergers and acquisitions  with high expectations. Bloomberg’s chart describes things that would not fit into 10 reports. European banks (STOXX 600 Banks) are valued at 1.6 times their book value  while US banks are at 1.79x. In spring 2020  Europe was trading below 0.4x and the US close to 1x. The gap has narrowed sharply  and this points to high expectations. Based on European Central Bank data  price-to-book (P/B) ratios for eurozone banks have been rising since the end of 2022  with the largest increase occurring in 2025. By February 2026  they had reached a level not seen before the global financial crisis  before declining because of the war in the Middle East. Markets are “sniffing out” developments that have not yet materialized. The sector closed 2025 with stock-market gains of +65%  its best year since 1997. The second quarter of 2026 added +21%  making it Europe’s second-best-performing sector after technology. Nevertheless  the index is trading at a forward P/E of 10.1  only slightly above the long-term average of 9.5. Greek banks are following closely behind. According to AXIA  Greek and Cypriot banks are valued at 1.45x P/TBV and 9.2x P/E based on 2027 figures. NBG Securities sees a premium of approximately +8% versus the Stoxx 600 Banks on 2026 P/E  but a discount of -9% versus the European periphery. Greece has overtaken the average  but not yet the banks of Southern Europe. Banking consolidation in Europe is constantly being announced  but has still not materialized in practice. Attempts have been made — Mediobanca/MPS  UniCredit’s attempts regarding BPM and Commerzbank  BBVA/Sabadell. What has not emerged is cross-border consolidation. Markets  however  are pricing in significant developments.Maria Angelicoussis raises the Greek flag in her latest betThe delivery of Maran Myrsini is not just another routine addition to the fleet of Maria Angelicoussis. The 155 500-ton Suezmax  delivered on August 20 by New Times Shipbuilding  is the fourth of the eight LNG dual-fuel tankers in the program and sails under the Greek flag. It was preceded by Maran Morpheus  Maran Myrto  and Maran Menelaus  while four more deliveries remain. The significance lies in the consistency of the choice. At a time when much of the market is waiting for the regulatory landscape and the future of fuels to become clearer  Maran Tankers is creating a homogeneous series of modern Suezmaxes  with a more efficient hull  energy-saving systems  and the ability to burn LNG. It is not just buying ships; it is buying operational uniformity for the next decade. There is also a second message. At a time when many Greek companies are choosing flexible international registries  Angelicoussis is placing one of its most advanced newbuilds under the Greek flag. With Maran Tankers having 51 vessels and another 12 under construction  the move indicates that the Greek flag remains part of the group’s strategic identity and not merely a symbolic choice.The $4.4 Billion That Buys Fragou TimeThe most consequential move by Angelic Fragou is not hidden solely in the new orders  but in the way she is reshaping the fleet of Navios Maritime Partners. On the one hand  the company has agreed to sell a 2008-built containership with a capacity of 4 730 TEU for $34.5 million. On the other  it is directing capital toward larger  newer vessels that can benefit from the lengthening of trade routes. The real “cushion ” however  is the $4.4 billion in contracted revenues through 2037. In a market where the Strait of Hormuz  the Red Sea and the Black Sea are constantly redrawing the maps  Fragou has chosen not to rely exclusively on peaks in the spot charter market. She is locking in multi-year employment  renewing the fleet and selling older tonnage while values remain strong. The behind-the-scenes reading is that Navios is not trying to guess how long the crisis will last. It has created a mechanism capable of generating revenue whether the disruption continues or the market normalizes. And this backlog gives Fragou the most valuable advantage in shipping: time.The VLCC That Doubled in Price After Leaving Greek HandsAn old VLCC with a Greek past offers today perhaps the market’s most instructive behind-the-scenes story. The 23-year-old Hellstugutinden  formerly Chandris’s Australis  is reportedly changing hands for $57 million. As recently as March 2025  the Greek company had sold it to Middle Eastern interests for an amount close to $28 million. In less than a year and a half  its valuation has essentially doubled. The easy reading is that Chandris left almost $29 million on the table. The substantive one  however  is more complex. The company exited a 2003-built vessel and returned to the VLCC sector with the 2020-built CSSC Liao Ning  renamed Australis and costing approximately $112 million  while it is also awaiting the newbuilding Ellinis from Hanwha Ocean. Today’s buyer is paying a premium not only for the ship  but for the scarcity of older  unsanctioned tonnage with a clean history  in a market where freight rates have soared. So this is not necessarily a failed prediction. It is the price of choosing to leave the extreme risk to the next owner and shift capital into a newer fleet.Waiting for NVIDIANVIDIA is announcing its second-quarter results today  Wednesday  August 26. The results are expected at approximately 23:20 Greece time after the close of Wall Street  while the conference call begins at 00:00 Greece time. Consensus stands at approximately $2.08 per share  with revenue close to $92 billion. The company has guided for revenue of $91 billion  plus or minus 2%  so a small beat of estimates is more or less already priced in and  by itself  would be unlikely to trigger a significant reaction in the stock. What the market is really waiting for is the outlook for the next quarter  as that will largely determine the debate over whether a period of payback on the enormous investments is beginning and how sustainable the momentum in Artificial Intelligence spending remains. The first quarter  meanwhile  was exceptionally strong. Revenue came to $81.6 billion  up 85% year over year  with the Data Center segment contributing $75.2 billion and adjusted gross profit margin holding at 75%. Management raised its guidance for the second quarter and  particularly importantly  did so without factoring in revenue from sales of computing systems to data centers in China.The Small Margin Is KeyWhat differentiates Nvidia is that it is growing faster than almost any other large company while simultaneously maintaining exceptionally high profit margins. It is this combination that justifies its valuation premium. In the earnings announcement  therefore  gross margin may prove even more important than revenue. A strong revenue beat accompanied by a decline in margins would immediately raise questions about whether competition  product mix or the rising cost of systems is beginning to weigh on profitability. Conversely  maintaining gross margin close to 75% would significantly facilitate an upward revision of the current valuation. The most obvious risk comes from memory  which now accounts for approximately 40–50% of the manufacturing cost of Nvidia systems  versus just 15–20% a relatively short time ago  while prices are rising. Nevertheless  the market estimates that gross margins will decline slightly over the long term  toward 73–74%  with the help of long-term supply agreements.Bitcoin Returned to $80 000  With Bessent’s HelpThe price of bitcoin returned above $80 000 in recent days  a level it had not held since May  completing its second-best week since the beginning of 2021. Yesterday  it was trading around $78 900  with a market capitalization of $1.58 trillion  up 22.9% in just seven days. The overall cryptocurrency market gained 20.4% over the same period. Bitcoin nevertheless remains 36% below its all-time high of $126 200 on October 7  2025. Seven months ago  on February 5  bitcoin had plunged to $60 062  a 16-month low  recording a decline of more than 50% from its peak. For months  the price remained trapped in the $60 000–72 000 range. In June  it broke below $60 000 for the first time since late 2024. The shift in cryptocurrency dynamics came from… the U.S. Treasury Department. On August 19  Scott Bessent announced the doubling of long-term Treasury buybacks  from $2 billion to at least $4 billion per operation  effective September 9. The move pushed bond yields lower (and prices higher) within a few hours and rekindled risk appetite. The price jumped from $62 800 on Tuesday to $80 000 on Friday evening  with more than $2.7 billion in short positions liquidated. Overall  more than $4 billion in short positions were hurriedly liquidated over the following days. U.S. spot bitcoin ETFs attracted net inflows of $1.92 billion in the week through August 21  their strongest since October 2025  with BlackRock’s IBIT absorbing $1.33 billion over five consecutive trading sessions. August has already brought in $2.38 billion and is  so far  the best month of 2026. The U.S. Senate has scheduled a procedural vote on the CLARITY Act for September 15. The bill will establish the boundaries of jurisdiction between the SEC and CFTC  placing a large part of the industry under the oversight of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission  the independent U.S. federal agency that oversees derivatives markets. Republicans control 53 seats  but 60 votes are required to overcome the filibuster. According to Reuters  a failed vote could effectively “kill” the bill.The 12.8% Is Not What You ThinkA percentage is making the rounds on the internet in America. 12.8% of outstanding U.S. credit-card balances are more than 90 days delinquent  up from 7.6% in 2022. If it meant what it appears to mean  it would point toward the Great Depression. However  the New York Fed  which published the figure  warns against reading it that way. The rate of new delinquencies has remained relatively stable for almost two years. The “stock” is rising because banks are now keeping old  already charged-off debts on credit reports for longer. Excluding charged-off debt  new delinquencies have been running at around 3% of outstanding balances since 2024  with the latest reading at 2.95%. The behind-the-scenes explanation  therefore  is accounting-related. The same debt is being counted twice  by Equifax and by the banks  under different rules. This does not  of course  mean that everything is fine. It reflects the “K-shaped economy.” Millions of households are living on the edge  month to month. Of the 175 million Americans with credit cards  approximately 60% carry revolving debt. New delinquencies on auto loans and credit cards remain at elevated levels.,neutral,0.0,0.91,0.08,mixed,0.23,0.19,0.58,True,English,"['Thessaloniki International Fair', 'K.M.', 'Piraeus Bank', 'Samaras', 'time', 'party', 'meeting', 'Erdogan', 'Washington', 'IASO', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'Thessaloniki International Fair', 'detailed working discussion', 'UN General Assembly', 'big tech companies', 'Herodou Attikou Street', 'most public-sector services', 'Unified Pay Scale', 'preferential salary regime', 'ordinary public servants', 'The Presidential Mansion', 'government spokesman Marinakis', 'core public sector', 'rising fuel prices', 'current developments', 'second thoughts', 'one hand', 'significant degree', 'K.M.', 'last detail', 'economic matters', 'economic one', 'recent bill', 'fuel subsidy', 'Helleniq Energy', 'Motor Oil', 'manageable levels', 'Communication “accelerator', 'Recovery Fund', 'Greek economy', 'coming period', 'same message', 'major event', 'European Commission', 'Erdoğan', 'New York', 'San Francisco', 'new benefit', 'same briefing', 'past five', 'same level', 'other words', 'privileged class', 'highest institution', 'Patelis Macro', 'LinkedIn post', 'former director', 'salary restoration', 'great news', 'fake news', 'particular allowance', 'other allowance', 'Difficult things', 'same source', 'day matters', 'environmental issue', 'other ministers', 'six years', 'position allowance', '12 years', 'Newsroom', 'Protothema', 'Google', 'reporting', 'Samaras', 'party', 'course', 'newcomer', 'difference', 'anticipation', 'intrigue', 'pollsters', 'team', 'people', 'positions', 'uncertainty', 'time', 'Christmas', 'first', 'days', 'speech', 'substance', 'content', 'announcements', 'Pierrakakis', 'Petralia', 'Mitsotakis', 'question', 'construction', 'seashore', 'look', 'meeting', 'menu', 'noon', 'Ministry', 'Finance', 'Theodorikakos', 'concern', 'winter', 'situation', 'Gulf', 'pressure', 'pump', 'September', 'discussions', 'refineries', 'contribution', 'benefits', 'SKAI', 'view', 'October', 'results', 'schedule', 'sidelines', 'contact', 'Gerapetritis', 'Fidan', 'stage', 'autumn', 'incidents', 'salaries', 'Presidency', 'elections', 'lot', 'Republic', 'reports', 'granting', 'employees', '20% increase', 'special', 'directors', 'supervisors', 'alignment', 'country', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθ', 'μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-08-26,2026-08-27,en.protothema.gr
