UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
26332,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/B-M-EUROPEAN-VALUE-RETAIL-16686539/news/B-M-European-Value-Retail-S-A-Notice-of-EGM-44139744/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,B&M European Value Retail S A : Notice of EGM,(marketscreener.com)    NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING   B&M European Value Retail S.A.   Société Anonyme   Registered office: 68-70  Boulevard de la Pétrusse  L-2320 Luxembourg   Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg ...https://www.marketscreene…,"for proxy voting provided by Broadridge is expected to be at least three business days prior to the Company's proxy appointment deadline of Friday 21 July 2023 at 12:45 pm (CET). You should therefore check with your CREST Account Holder what their own deadline is for receiving voting instructions from you.Holders of CREST Depository Interests in shares wishing to cast their votes must give their voting instructions directly to their broker or nominee account holder in CREST (""CREST Account Holder""). You cannot give voting instructions directly to the Company. Your CREST Account Holder will cast your votes via the Euroclear UK & Ireland (""EUI"") and CREST International service for proxy voting (which is provided by Broadridge Financial Solutions Limited). Your CREST Account Holder will advise you on how you can give your voting instructions to them and confirm the final deadline and time by which they will require your voting instructions. It is important to note that the voting deadline of the CREST international serviceThe enclosed Form of Proxy is for use in connection with the meeting and should be completed and returned in accordance with the instructions printed on it  as soon as possible and by no later than Friday 21 July 2023 at 12:45 pm (CET). The Form of Proxy is not for use by holders of CREST Depository Interests or other indirect holders of beneficial interests whose shares are held in broker  nominee or other custodian accounts.If you have sold or transferred all your ordinary shares  or Depositary Interests representing ordinary shares in B&M European Value Retail S.A.  you should pass this Notice and all other documents enclosed with it to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected.If you are in any doubt about the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own financial advice immediately from a stockbroker  bank manager  lawyer  accountant or other authorised independent professional adviser.Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting of B&M European Value Retail S.A. to be held on Tuesday 25 July 2023 at 12:45 pm (CET) at the SOFITEL Grand-Ducal  35  Rue du Laboratoire  L-1911 Luxembourg before a Luxembourg notary  is set out on pages 3 to 9 of this document.B&M EUROPEAN VALUE RETAIL S.A. - EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGB&M European Value Retail S.A.Société AnonymeRegistered office: 68-70  Boulevard de la Pétrusse  L-2320 LuxembourgGrand Duchy of LuxembourgR.C.S. Luxembourg: B 187275Letter from the Chairman 19 June 2023Dear Shareholder Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting of B&M European Value Retail S.A. (""the Company"") to be held on Tuesday 25 July 2023 at 12:45 pm (CET).On behalf of the board of directors (the ""Board"")  I am writing to inform you that an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company will be held on Tuesday 25 July 2023 at the SOFITEL Grand-Ducal hotel  35  Rue du Laboratoire  L-1911 Luxembourg  at 12:45 pm (CET) (""EGM"" or ""Meeting"").The notice convening the Extraordinary General Meeting is set out on pages 3 to 9.Amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company (the ""Articles"")Under Luxembourg law on commercial companies  the authority for the board to increase the issued share capital must be provided for under the articles of association and is limited in time: it can be given for periods of up to five (5) years.The Board's existing authority under article 5.2 of the Articles to issue new shares in the Company  within the limits of the authorised share capital expires this year in July and the Board is therefore proposing to renew this authority  without changing any of its terms and conditions  for a new period of five (5) years.Voting and attendance at the EGMIn accordance with Luxembourg law and article 24.6.3 of the Articles  any resolution which concerns an amendment to the Articles must be passed by at least two-thirds of the votes cast with at least half of the issued share capital of the Company being present or represented at the EGM. If this quorum is not met  a second meeting may be convened to deliberate upon the same agenda in accordance with same article24.6.3 and such second meeting may validly deliberate regardless of the proportion of the issued share capital represented  however the same two-thirds majority requirement shall still apply.The results of the votes on the resolution at the EGM will be announced via the Regulatory News Service and published on the Company's website at www.bandmretail.com as soon as possible following the EGM.The Board appreciates that as the location of the EGM is in Luxembourg  as required by our constitution  many shareholders will be unable to attend in person. However  your vote is important and I would encourage you  irrespective of the number of ordinary shares you hold  to vote eitherby completing and returning the enclosed Form of Proxy if you are holding your ordinary shares in an account with LuxCSD; or by giving your voting instructions to your broker or nominee account holder to cast your votes on your behalf by the voting deadline confirmed to you by them  if you are a holder of CREST Depository Interests or an indirect holder of beneficial interests in shares which are held in a broker  nominee or other custodian account.If you are holding your shares in an account with LuxCSD and want to participate in the EGM  whether by proxy or in person  in accordance with Luxembourg law on the exercise of certain rights of shareholders in general meetings of listed companies  you are required to complete and return a declaration of participation. A form of Declaration of Participation is enclosed with this notice. The form of Declaration of Participation must be received by the Company by the record date which  for this EGM is Tuesday 11 July 2023 at 12:00 midnight (CET) in accordance with the procedures set out below. Please note the Declaration of Participation is not a substitution for the Form of Proxy  and the procedure for lodging a Form of Proxy as set out in the form and in the notes to the notice of the Meeting below will need to be followed.Indirect Holders of shares are not required to complete a Declaration of Participation.ResolutionsAn explanatory note is set out on page 4 of this document and a special report issued by the Board in relation to the proposed resolution  in accordance with article 420-26 of the Luxembourg law on commercial companies enclosed to this Notice on pages 10 and 11.RecommendationYour Board recommends that shareholders vote in favour of the resolution proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting. The Directors intend to vote in favour of the resolution in respect of their own beneficial shareholdings totalling 67 279 ordinary shares representing approximately 0.007% of the present issued ordinary share capital of the Company¹.Yours faithfully Peter BamfordChairmanOn behalf of the BoardNot including shareholdings of related parties or associates.2 B&M European Value Retail S.A. Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting 2023",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.57,0.22,0.22,True,English,"['B&M European Value Retail S A', 'Notice', 'EGM', 'B&M European Value Retail S.A. Société Anonyme', 'Boulevard de la Pétrusse', 'other authorised independent professional adviser', 'R.C.S. Luxembourg', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions Limited', 'same two-thirds majority requirement', 'other custodian accounts', 'Rue du Laboratoire', 'Regulatory News Service', 'CREST International service', 'authorised share capital', 'CREST Account Holder', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'CREST Depository Interests', 'nominee account holder', 'SOFITEL Grand-Ducal hotel', 'other indirect holders', 'proxy appointment deadline', 'other documents', 'other agent', 'financial advice', 'same agenda', 'beneficial interests', 'Depositary Interests', 'second meeting', 'three business', 'Euroclear UK', 'final deadline', 'Registered office', 'Grand Duchy', 'Dear Shareholder', 'commercial companies', 'five (5) years', 'new period', 'same article', 'many shareholders', 'voting deadline', 'voting instructions', 'ordinary shares', 'new shares', 'Friday 21 July', 'Luxembourg notary', 'Luxembourg law', 'proxy voting', 'bank manager', 'Tuesday 25 July', 'existing authority', 'The Board', 'Company', 'votes', 'broker', 'Ireland', 'EUI', 'time', 'Form', 'use', 'connection', 'accordance', 'CET', 'Notice', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'doubt', 'action', 'lawyer', 'accountant', 'pages', 'Letter', 'Chairman', 'behalf', 'directors', 'L-19', 'EGM', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'periods', 'limits', 'terms', 'conditions', 'attendance', 'resolution', 'quorum', 'proportion', 'results', 'website', 'bandmretail', 'location', 'constitution', 'person', 'number', 'LuxCSD', '12:45', '35']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26333,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIGBEN-INTERACTIVE-5097/news/BIGBEN-DISTRIBUTION-OF-DIVIDEND-IN-KIND-OF-NACON-SHARES-44142391/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,BIGBEN: DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDEND IN KIND OF NACON SHARES,(marketscreener.com)                                                         Press release Lesquin  16 June 2023  6:00 p.m. Distribution of dividend in kind of Nacon shares BIGBEN INTERACTIVE informs its shareholders of...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/…,"BIGBEN: DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDEND IN KIND OF NACON SHARES 06/19/2023 | 12:01pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Press release Lesquin  16 June 2023  6:00 p.m. Distribution of dividend in kind of Nacon shares BIGBEN INTERACTIVE (""BBI"" or the ""Company"") informs its shareholders of the technical details of the distribution of a dividend in kind of NACON (“Nacon”) shares. At the annual general meeting convened for 21 July 2023 (the ""General Meeting"")  BBI’s Board of Directors will ask its shareholders to approve the distribution of a dividend in kind in the form of Nacon shares at the rate of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares held  the terms and conditions of which are described below. This dividend in kind of Nacon shares will be paid on 28 July 2023. The Nacon shares distributed would represent approximately 4.25% of Nacon’s share capital and voting rights. Following this distribution  BBI would retain around 52 917 3581 Nacon shares  representing approximately 60.87% of share capital and 71.48% of voting rights2. BBI shareholders are invited to refer to the 2022 universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 22 June 2022 under number D.22-0545 and the press releases published by Nacon since this date for all information relating to Nacon. These documents are available on Nacon’s website (https://corporate.nacongaming.com/espace-investisseurs/). This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe for any shares of Nacon  or a solicitation to obtain consent or a favourable vote to approve the distribution described in this press release  including in any jurisdiction where such solicitation is not permitted under the laws of that country or territory. United States of America No shares  securities or other instruments may be offered  sold or transferred in the United States of America unless they are registered or exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. The Nacon shares that are the subject of the distribution in kind have not been and will not be registered in the United States of America under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the distribution in kind has not been approved or refused by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any other state securities commission in the United States of America  and neither such commissions nor the SEC has reviewed the accuracy or adequacy of this report. Any representation to the contrary may be a criminal offence in the United States of America. Member States of the European Economic Area This report does not constitute a prospectus or any other offering document within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and should not be relied upon as containing all the information necessary for a potential investor to evaluate the suitability of an investment in BBI or Nacon or to be included in a prospectus prepared in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).1. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DIVIDEND IN KIND 1.1. Features of the Distribution in KindBBI holds 56 616 0033 Nacon shares  representing  based on the number of shares and voting rights comprising Nacon’s share capital as at 31 May 2023  65.12% of share capital and 74.83% of voting rights. The shares comprising the share capital of Nacon are ordinary shares  all of the same class  fully paid up  and admitted to trading on compartment B of the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013482791. At the General Meeting  BBI shareholders will be asked to vote on the distribution of a dividend in kind represented by Nacon shares at the rate of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares held  subject to the Ceiling (as defined below) (the ""Distribution in Kind""). Based on the information available as at 31 May 2023  the Distribution in Kind would therefore relate to approximately 3 698 645 Nacon shares4 (out of the 56 616 003 Nacon shares held by BBI as at that date  representing around 6.5% of the Nacon shares held by BBI). Upon completion of the Distribution in Kind  assuming that the exchange ratio of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares remains unchanged  BBI would retain around 52 917 358 Nacon Shares  representing 60.87% of share capital5 and 71.48% of voting rights. The ex-dividend date will be 26 July 2023 and the Distribution in Kind will be paid on 28 July 2023 (the “Payment Date”). The Distribution in Kind will benefit all BBI shareholders whose shares have been registered in their name at the end of the trading day preceding the Payment Date  i.e. 27 July 2023 (the “Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind”). BBI shares bought on Euronext up to 25 July 2023 inclusive will also be eligible for the Distribution in Kind (the “Record Date”). In the event of a division of the ownership of Nacon shares  the beneficiary of the Distribution in Kind will be the bare owner (nu-propriétaire)  unless otherwise agreed. Shareholders are advised to consult their usual advisor on these matters. BBI shares held in treasury on the Record Date will not be entitled to the Distribution in Kind. The amount corresponding to the Distribution in Kind: (i) will be determined by multiplying the number of Nacon shares distributed (whether delivered to BBI shareholders or sold as fractional shares) by the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date;(ii) will be charged to ""Retained Earnings""  it being specified it will be proposed at the General Meeting that all net income for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 be allocated to “Retained earnings”; and(iii) may not exceed the amount of the net income for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 and retained earnings  i.e. a total net amount estimated at EUR 32 154 399 (the ""Ceiling"").In the event that the amount of the Distribution in Kind exceeds this Ceiling  the Board of Directors of BBI shall have full powers to adjust the aforementioned exchange ratio so that the amount distributed does not exceed the Ceiling. This would be the case if the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date exceeded EUR 8.69 based on a maximum distributable amount of EUR 32 154 399 and on the assumption that around 3 698 645 Nacon shares would be distributed. BBI will issue a press release on the morning of the Payment Date once the opening price of the Nacon shares is ascertained  to confirm the exchange ratio for the Distribution in Kind and  in the event that the exchange ratio is adjusted  to inform shareholders of any potential changes to the timetable for the Distribution in Kind. Rights forming fractional shares shall not be tradable or assignable. Accordingly  if the allocation to which a shareholder is entitled by application of the exchange ratio applied is not a whole number of Nacon shares (i.e. a holding of fewer than five (5) BBI shares or not corresponding to a multiple of five (5))  the shareholder shall receive the number of Nacon shares immediately below this amount  together with a cash payment for the balance  the amount of which will be calculated on the basis of the price at which the Nacon shares corresponding to the fractional shares will have been sold. Shareholders holding fewer than five (5) BBI shares on the evening of the Record Date will therefore only receive a cash payment. For illustrative purposes only and assuming a theoretical opening price of the Nacon shares of EUR 2.256: a shareholder holding 4 BBI shares would not receive any Nacon shares but just a balancing payment  the amount of which will depend on the date the Centralising Bank or its financial institution  as the case may be  sells the fractional shares to which it is entitled; anda shareholder holding 6 BBI shares would receive one (1) Nacon share and a balancing payment for the remainder  the amount of which will depend on the date the Centralising Bank or its financial institution  as the case may be  sells the fractional shares to which it is entitled.1.2. Timetable for the Distribution in KindThe indicative timetable for the Distribution in Kind is as follows: 16 June 2023 Publication of the first meeting notice (avis de réunion) in the BALO (French official bulletin of legal notices) 5 July 2023 Publication of the second meeting notice (avis de convocation) in the BALO convening the General Meeting 19 July 2023 Start of the suspension period of the liquidity agreement 21 July 2023 General Meeting 26 July 2023 Ex-dividend date of the Distribution in Kind 27 July 2023 Record Date 28 July 2023 Payment Date of the Distribution in KindEnd of the suspension period of the liquidity agreement 2. PAYMENT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KINDThe payment of the Distribution in Kind will take place as of the Payment Date  i.e. 28 July 2023  in accordance with the conditions specified below. The bank responsible for the centralisation in connection with the Distribution in Kind (the ""Centralising Bank"") is Uptevia  9 rue du Débarcadère - 93761 Pantin Cedex. For Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding BBI shares in bearer or administered registered form: the Centralising Bank will credit  via Euroclear France  each financial institution holding an account (i) on the Payment Date  the whole number of Nacon shares corresponding to its position in BBI shares duly registered with Euroclear France at the end of the Record Date  applying the exchange ratio of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares registered in the account of the financial institution holding the relevant account and (ii) the amount of the cash balancing payment due to this financial institution holding the account  as of the sale of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after distribution between the financial institutions holding the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares;following which  each of the account-holding financial institutions will credit each of its clients first with (i) the whole number of Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares registered in its books in the name of the client concerned and then (ii) the amount of the cash balancing payment due to this client  the amount of which will be based on the sale price of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after distribution of the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares between its clients.For Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding their BBI shares in issuer registered form: the Centralising Bank  acting as financial institution in charge of keeping the register of issuer registered shareholders  will (i) credit  as of the Payment Date  the account of each of the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding issuer registered BBI shares with the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares held in issuer registered form by the Beneficiary concerned and (ii) credit the accounts of each of the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind concerned with the net amount of the balancing payment due  if applicable  the amount of which will be based on the sale price of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after the distribution between the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind of the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares.The Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind  regardless of how BBI shares are held  must pay  as the case may be  to their authorised financial intermediary or to BBI  through Uptevia  social security contributions and/or the flat rate tax or withholding tax payable in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Where applicable  the authorised financial intermediary responsible for maintaining the bearer or administered registered share accounts  or BBI  through Uptevia  responsible for maintaining the issuer registered share accounts  may sell the number of Nacon shares necessary to pay social security contributions and/or flat rate tax or withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Shareholders who wish to sell the Nacon shares received under the Distribution in Kind should contact their usual financial advisor and/or their financial institution holding the account. 3. TAX TREATMENT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KIND7The following discussion summarises the French tax consequences that may apply to BBI shareholders as a result of the Distribution in Kind  based on the legislation in force at this time. The rules described below are subject to change and new laws or regulations could be retroactive or apply to the current calendar or financial year. BBI shareholders are advised that the tax information contained in this Section 3 is only a summary of the tax provisions applicable under current legislation and is provided for general information purposes only. Accordingly  the tax information below does not constitute a comprehensive description of all tax impacts that may apply to BBI shareholders as a result of the Distribution in Kind. BBI shareholders are advised to consult their usual tax advisor on the tax consequences applicable to their particular circumstances. In addition  persons who are not French tax residents must refer to (i) the provisions of the applicable tax treaty concluded between their own State of residence and France; (ii) the provisions of French tax legislation; and (iii) the legislation of their State of residence and/or nationality that may apply to them so that they may determine their applicable tax regime. These persons should seek advice from their usual tax advisor regarding the applicable tax treatment for the Distribution in Kind. 3.1. Shareholders with tax residence in France3.1.1. Natural persons holding BBI shares as part of their private assets and not carrying out stock market transactions under conditions similar to those characterising an activity carried out by a person professionally engaged in such transactions3.1.1.1. 12.8% withholding taxPursuant to Article 117c of the French Tax Code (CGI)  subject to the exceptions mentioned below  natural persons domiciled in France are subject to a mandatory 12.8% non-final withholding tax (prélèvement forfaitaire non libératoire or “PFNL”) on the gross amount of distributed income. This withholding is made by the paying agent of the income when located in France. When the paying agent of the income is established outside of France  the income is declared and the corresponding withholding tax is paid within the first 15 days of the month following the month of the payment of the income  either by the taxpayer him/herself or by the paying agent  when that entity is established in a Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France to combat tax evasion and tax fraud and has received instructions to this effect by the taxpayer. BBI shareholders who find themselves in this situation should contact their financial intermediary to find out what processes they will put into place in this respect. Natural persons belonging to a tax household whose reference taxable income (revenu fiscal de référence) for the second-to-last tax year  as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  is less than EUR 50 000 for taxpayers who are single  divorced or widowed  or EUR 75 000 for couples filing jointly  may request an exemption from this withholding tax in accordance with Article 242c of the French Tax Code by providing the paying agent  no later than 30 November of the year preceding the year of the payment of the distributed income  with a sworn statement that the reference taxable income shown on the tax notice issued in respect of the second-to-last year preceding the year of payment was below the above-mentioned taxable income thresholds. When the paying agent is established outside France  only natural persons belonging to a tax household whose reference taxable income for the penultimate year  as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  is equal to or more than the amounts mentioned in the previous paragraph are subject to this tax. The withholding tax does not apply to income related to BBI shares held in French share savings plans (Plan d’Épargne en Actions or “PEA”) subject to compliance with the conditions of application of the plan specific to the PEA. 3.1.1.2. Income taxThe final taxation of dividends is determined based on the information reported in the income tax return filed the year following the year in which the dividend income is received. Pursuant to 1 of the Article 200 A of the French Tax Code  dividends are  in principle  subject to the 12.8% single flat rate of withholding tax (prélèvement forfaitaire unique or “PFU”). Pursuant to Article 193 of the French Tax Code  the 12.8% PFNL non-final withholding tax may be credited against income tax due in respect of the year in which it was paid. Where it exceeds income tax due  the surplus is refunded. In practice  alignment of current PFU and PFNL rates at 12.8% is equivalent to paying withholding tax at source. Pursuant to Article 200 A (2) of the French Tax Code  by way of derogation from application of the PFU  taxpayers wishing to do so may expressly  generally and irrevocably opt to be subject to the sliding scale of income tax. Pursuant to Article 158 of the French Tax Code  dividends must be included in the shareholder’s total taxable income as investment income (revenus de capitaux mobiliers) in respect of the year during which it is received. The option is exercised each year when filing the tax return and no later than the filing deadline. Dividends then benefit from an unlimited tax allowance of 40% on the amount of distributed income (“40% Allowance”). The option of the sliding scale of income tax applies on an annual basis to all investment income and capital gains subject to the above-mentioned flat-rate tax of 12.8% and realised in respect of the same year. If the BBI shares are held in a French share savings plan (PEA)  dividends and similar distributed income are exempt from income tax  subject to compliance with the terms and conditions applicable to the PEA. 3.1.1.3. Social security contributionsRegardless of whether or not the 12.8% PFNL is applicable  the gross amount of income distributed by BBI (before application of the 40% Allowance when the shareholder has opted for the sliding scale of taxation) will also be subject to social security contributions at an overall rate of 17.2%  broken down as follows: ✓ general social security contribution (contribution sociale généralisée or “CSG”) at a rate of 9.2%;✓ social debt repayment contribution (contribution pour le remboursement de la dette sociale  “CRDS”) at a rate of 0.5%; and✓ solidarity levy at a rate of 7.5%. These social security contributions are not deductible from income subject to the PFU. When income is subject to the sliding scale upon election  up to 6.8% of the 9.2% CSG can be deducted from taxable income for the year it is paid. Shareholders should consult their usual tax advisor to determine the tax reporting obligations and payment rules that may apply to them in respect of the PFNL and social security contributions. 3.1.1.4. Payment of the PFNL withholding tax and social security contributionsBeneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind shall pay  as the case may be  to their authorised financial intermediary or to BBI  through Uptevia  social security contributions and/or flat rate tax or withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Where applicable  the authorised financial intermediary responsible for maintaining the bearer or administered registered share accounts or BBI  through Uptevia  responsible for maintaining issuer registered accounts  may sell the number of Nacon shares required to pay social security contributions and/or the PNFL withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind. 3.1.1.5. Exceptional contribution for high-income earnersPursuant to Article 223e of the French Tax Code  taxpayers subject to personal income tax are liable for a contribution based on the amount of the tax household’s reference taxable income as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  without any application of the quotient rules defined in Article 163-0 A of the French Tax Code. Reference income includes distributed income and dividends received by the taxpayers concerned (before the 40% Allowance when the shareholder has opted for taxation under the sliding scale). This contribution is calculated by applying the following rates: ✓ 3% of the portion of reference taxable income between EUR 250 000 and EUR 500 000 for single  widowed  separated or divorced taxpayers  and the portion of taxable income between EUR 500 000 and EUR 1 000 000 for couples filing jointly;✓ 4% of the portion of reference taxable income above EUR 500 000 for single  widowed  separated or divorced taxpayers  and the portion of taxable income above EUR 1 000 000 for couples filing jointly. 3.1.2. Legal entities subject to corporate income tax (under standard rules)3.1.2.1. Legal entities without the status of a parent company (société mère) in FranceLegal entities  other than those having parent company (société mère) status within the meaning of Article 145 of the French Tax Code  should include dividends and distributed income received in their taxable income subject to the ordinary corporate tax rate. An additional 3.3% social security contribution may also apply  based on the corporate income tax charge  after a deduction of up to EUR 763 000 for each twelve-month period (Article 235 ter ZC of the French Tax Code). However  pursuant to Article 219 I-b of the French Tax Code  for legal entities with annual revenue of less than EUR 10 000 000 (excluding taxes)  and whose share capital is fully paid up and at least 75% continuously held throughout the relevant financial year by natural persons or by a company meeting all these conditions  the corporate income tax rate is set at 15% for the first EUR 42 500 of taxable income for each twelve-month period. In addition  these legal entities are exempted from the aforementioned 3.3% social security contribution. 3.1.2.2. Legal entities qualifying as a parent company (société mère) in FranceLegal entities holding at least 5% of BBI’s share capital and voting rights and which meet the conditions set out in Articles 145 and 216 of the French Tax Code may benefit  upon election  from a dividend and distributed income exemption under the parent-subsidiary regime. However  subsection I of Article 216 of the French Tax Code provides for the inclusion  in taxable income subject to corporate income tax at the standard rate of the beneficiary  of a charge for costs and expenses set  under the current legislation  at 5% of total proceeds from shareholdings  tax credits included. 3.1.2.3. Other shareholdersBBI shareholders subject to a tax system other than those referred to above  in particular taxpayers whose securities transactions goes beyond simple portfolio management or who have recorded their shares as assets on their business balance sheet  should consult their own tax advisors to determine the provisions that apply to their particular circumstances. 3.2. Shareholders with tax residence outside FranceUnder French law as it currently stands and subject to the possible application of international tax treaties  the following discussion summarises certain French tax consequences that may apply to investors (i) who are not French tax residents within the meaning of Article 4 B of the French Tax Code or whose registered office is located outside France and (ii) whose ownership of shares cannot be traced back to a fixed base or permanent establishment subject to taxation in France. Such persons should consult their usual tax advisor regarding the taxation applicable to their particular circumstances and comply with the tax legislation in force in their State of residence and/or nationality. The Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind will have to pay the withholding tax to their paying agent  subject to the provisions of the international tax treaties that may be applicable and to the exceptions mentioned below  when the tax residence or the registered office of the beneficial owner is outside France. Consequently  the amount of the withholding tax shall be made available to the paying agent prior to delivery of the shares. If necessary  the paying agent may sell the number of Nacon shares necessary to pay the applicable withholding taxes. BBI shareholders should contact their financial intermediary to find out the processes that will be put in place by the latter for this purpose. Subject to what is set forth below and the completion of the formalities necessary for the elimination or limitation of the rate of withholding tax at source that may be payable  the rate of this withholding tax is set  in particular  at: ✓ 12.8% by Article 187 (1) (2) of the French Tax Code where the beneficiary is a natural person; and✓ 15% where the beneficiary is a non-profit organisation that has its registered office in a Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France for the purpose of combating tax evasion and tax fraud  that would be taxed according to the treatment referred to in Article 206-5 of the French Tax Code if it had its registered office in France and meets the criteria provided for by paragraphs 580 et seq. of the version of 25 March 2013 of the administrative guidelines BOI-IS-CHAMP-1050-10-40. This withholding tax is also applicable to any payment made for the benefit of a non-resident in the context of a temporary assignment or a similar transaction giving the right or obligation to return or resell the shares or other rights relating to these shares. In accordance with Article 119 bis A  1 of the French Tax Code  the temporary or similar transaction must be carried out for a period of less than forty-five days  including the date the right to the distribution of the proceeds of the shares is acquired. If the beneficiary of the payment provides proof that it corresponds to a transaction that has primarily a purpose and effect other than avoiding the application of withholding tax or obtaining a tax benefit  they will be able to obtain reimbursement of the withholding tax  which will be definitely undue to the tax department of the beneficiary’s domicile or head office. Regardless of the location of the beneficiary’s tax residence or registered office  income distributed by BBI outside France to a ""non-cooperative"" State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Tax Code is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 75%. The list of non-cooperative states and territories is published by ministerial order and updated annually. The list updated by the ministerial order dated 3 February 2023 (published in the Official Journal of the French Republic (JORF) dated 5 February 2023) includes the following States and territories: British Virgin Islands  Anguilla  Panama  Seychelles  Bahamas  Turks and Caicos  Vanuatu  Fiji  Guam  US Virgin Islands  Palau  American Samoa  Samoa  Trinidad and Tobago. If States or territories were to be blacklisted by the European Union because they facilitate the creation of offshore structures or devices  they would also be affected by the application of the 75% withholding tax from the date the ministerial order is amended accordingly  in accordance with Article 238-0 A 2 (1) of the French Tax Code. Investors who may be affected by this measure and those who are domiciled or established in a non-cooperative State or territory should seek the advice of their usual tax advisor to determine the tax treatment applicable to them. Shareholders that are legal entities with their place of effective management in a Member State of the European Union may benefit from a withholding tax exemption if they hold at least 10% of BBI’s share capital and otherwise meet all the conditions of Article 119b of the French Tax Code. In addition  subject to meeting the conditions specified in the version of 7 June 2016 of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-30-20-40  legal entities that hold at least 5% of BBI’s share capital may  subject to certain conditions  benefit from a withholding tax exemption if their place of effective management is located either in another Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered an agreement with France to avoid double taxation which includes an administrative assistance clause to combat tax fraud and evasion. Legal entity shareholders who may be affected by this measure should consult their usual tax advisor to determine the tax treatment applicable to them. Furthermore  and subject to payment in a non-cooperative State or territory as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Tax Code  withholding tax is not applicable pursuant to Article 119a (2) of the French Tax Code to dividends paid to collective investment undertakings governed by foreign law  located in a Member State of the European Union or another State that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France for the purpose of combating tax evasion and tax fraud  and which meet the following two conditions: ✓ raising capital from a certain number of investors for the purpose of investing it in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of such investors  pursuant to a defined investment policy; and✓ having features similar to those required of collective undertakings governed by French law under section 1  paragraphs 1  2  3  5 and 6 of subsection 2  subsection 3  or sub-section 4 of section 2 of Chapter IV of the 1st Title of Book II of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). The terms of this exemption are set out in the version of 6 October 2021 of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-30-20-70. Finally  withholding tax may be reduced or even eliminated pursuant to tax treaties signed by France. Accordingly  it is the responsibility of BBI shareholders to consult their usual tax advisors to determine whether they are likely to qualify for a reduction to or exemption from the withholding tax by virtue of the preceding principles or provisions of international tax treaties and to determine the formalities to be complied with to benefit from these treaties  including those provided for by the version of 12 September 2012 of administrative guidelines BOI-INT-DG-20-20-20-20 relating to the “standard” or “simplified” procedure for reduction of or exemption from withholding tax. 4. IMPACT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KIND ON BBI’S EQUITY  NET INCOME AND NET DEBT4.1. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on the BBI Group’s consolidated equityFollowing the Distribution in Kind  BBI will retain sole control over Nacon. Therefore  in accordance with the IFRS standards in accordance with which the Bigben Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared  the Distribution in Kind will be treated as a disposal of minority assets with no impact on the control of Nacon and will be treated for accounting purposes as a transaction between shareholders and thus recognised as equity. The Distribution in Kind will result in a reduction in BBI’s consolidated equity on the payment date equal to (i) the number of Nacon shares distributed multiplied by the opening price of the Nacon shares on the payment date of the Distribution in Kind  minus (ii) the recognition of a capital gain on the disposal of shares net of tax (with no impact on the Income Statement) resulting from the difference between the Distribution in Kind and the share of the net assets of the Nacon shares transferred to the shareholders  net of the taxes recorded at the time of the Distribution in Kind. The impact of this transaction and of the change in Nacon’s share price on BBI’s consolidated equity compared to the consolidated balance sheet at 31 March 2023  can therefore be summarised as follows: Number of outstanding BBI shares BBI equity (in EUR millions) BBI equity per share(in EUR per share) Situation at 31 March 20238 18 495 9609218.7 11.8 Impact of the Distribution in Kind Distribution in Kind -8.3 -0.4 Capital gain net of tax (without no impact on the Income Statement) -2.1 -0.1 Situation post-Distribution in Kind 208.2 11.3 4.2. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on BBI’s consolidated net incomeAs there is no loss of control of Nacon by BBI  the Distribution in Kind will not have a material impact on BBI’s consolidated net income. 4.3. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on BBI’s net debtThe Distribution in Kind has no impact on BBI’s net debt  except for taxes due in respect of this debt. The distribution of a cash balancing payment to shareholders who do not hold a number of BBI shares entitling them to a whole number of Nacon shares will have an immaterial impact on BBI’s consolidated net debt. 5. RISK FACTORSThese risk factors should be carefully considered. 5.1. Specific risk factors related to the Distribution in KindThe main risk factors related to the Distribution in Kind are set out below. BBI shareholders should be aware that the list of risks presented below is not exhaustive and that other additional risks may exist that are unknown or the realisation of which as of the date of this press release is not considered likely to have an adverse effect on the Distribution in Kind: in the event that the Distribution in Kind exceeds the Ceiling  the Board of Directors will have to make the necessary adjustment to the exchange ratio so that the amount distributed does not exceed the Ceiling; this would be the case if the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date exceeded EUR 8.69  based on a maximum distributable amount of EUR 32 154 399 and assuming that 3 698 645 Nacon shares would be distributed  it being specified that in the event of the exchange ratio being adjusted  the timetable of the Distribution in Kind could change;BBI shareholders could sell the Nacon shares they receive in connection with the Distribution in Kind  which could create downward pressure on Nacon’s share price;Nacon’s share price could fall after the Distribution in Kind; andtax laws and regulations may change unfavourably compared with the current tax system.5.2. Risk factors relating to Nacon and its businessThe main risk factors relating to Nacon and its business are described in Nacon’s universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 22 June 2022 under number D.22-0545  which BBI shareholders are invited to consult. Next events: Annual General Meeting: 21 July 2023 Q1 2023-24 sales: 24 July 2023 after market closeABOUT BIGBEN INTERACTIVE2022-23 SALES€283.5mHEADCOUNTOver 1 300 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution network in more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben is a European player in video game development and publishing  design and distribution of smartphone and gaming accessories  as well as audio/video products. The Group  which is recognised for its capacities in terms of innovation and creativity  intends to become one of the leading names in Europe in each of its markets.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index: CAC Mid & Small – Eligible for Long SRDISIN: FR0000074072; Reuters: BIGPA; Bloomberg: BIGFPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 011 Of which 3 555 937 Nacon shares were loaned to BNP Paribas for hedging purposes as part of the bond issue by Bigben Interactive (refer to note 2.2.4 of the appendices to the consolidated financial statements appearing in the Universal registration document filed by Bigben Interactive on 27 June 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under number D.22-0553).2 on the basis of the number of shares and voting rights making up Nacon’s capital at 31 May 2023.3 Of which 3 555 937 Nacon shares were loaned on 12 February 2021 to BNP Paribas for hedging purposes as part of the bond issue by BBI (refer to note 2.2.4 of the appendices to the consolidated financial statements appearing in the Universal registration document filed by BBI on 27 June 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under number D.22-0553).4 This number is obtained by multiplying the number of BBI shares entitled to the Distribution in Kind  i.e. 18 493 221 BBI shares (18 529 960 shares making up BBI’s share capital  less 36 739 treasury shares)  by the exchange ratio of 1 Nacon share for every 5 BBI shares  based on the theoretical assumption that there are no fractional shares.5 on the basis of the number of shares and voting rights making up Nacon’s share capital at 31 May 2023.6 The theoretical stock market price used for the above examples (namely 2.25 euros per Nacon share) is the closing price of the Nacon share on May 31  20237 Fractional shares will be subject to the same tax regime as specified here.8 On the basis of BBI’s consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 March 2023 as approved by the Board of Directors on 30 May 2023.9 Number of shares making up BBI’s share capital less treasury shares as at 31 September 2023. Attachment BBI - CP Distibution Dividendes en nature Actions Nacon Diffusion EnglishAll news about BIGBEN INTERACTIVE 06/19 Global markets live: Airbus  Intel  Meta Platforms  Berkshire Hathaw.. 06/19 Bigben : Distribution of dividend in kind of nacon shares AQ 06/19 Bigben : Distribution of dividend in kind of nacon shares GL 05/30 Bigben : 2022/23 full-year results AQ 05/30 Bigben : 2022/23 full-year results GL 05/30 BigBen Interactive Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended March 31  2023 CI 05/30 BIGBEN INTERACTIVE : Annual results CO 04/24 Bigben : Annual sales for fy 2022-23 AQ 04/24 Bigben : Annual sales for fy 2022-23 GL 04/24 BigBen Interactive Reports Unaudited Consolidated Sales Results for the Fourth Quarter .. CI Analyst Recommendations on BIGBEN INTERACTIVE 2021 Analyst recommendations: Bank of America  Bodycote  Chevron  Do..",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['NACON SHARES', 'BIGBEN', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'DIVIDEND', 'KIND', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'other state securities commission', 'Required fields Press release', 'multiple email addresses', 'European Economic Area', 'other offering document', '2022 universal registration document', 'annual general meeting', 'one (1) Nacon share', 'five (5) BBI shares', 'The Nacon shares', 'other instruments', 'Exchange Commission', 'press releases', 'share capital', 'technical details', 'voting rights', 'favourable vote', 'United States', 'criminal offence', 'Member States', 'potential investor', 'same class', 'compartment B', 'ISIN code', 'exchange ratio', 'trading day', 'ordinary shares', '3,698,645 Nacon shares4', '52,917,3581 Nacon shares', '56,616,0033 Nacon shares', '56,616,003 Nacon shares', '358 Nacon Shares', 'ex-dividend date', 'Payment Date', 'Record Date', 'BIGBEN INTERACTIVE', 'First name', 'BBI shareholders', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'KIND', 'commas', 'Message', 'Lesquin', '16 June', 'Company', '21 July', 'Board', 'Directors', 'form', 'rate', 'terms', 'conditions', '28 July', '22 June', 'number', 'documents', 'website', 'nacongaming', 'solicitation', 'consent', 'jurisdiction', 'laws', 'country', 'territory', 'America', 'subject', 'commissions', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'report', 'representation', 'contrary', 'prospectus', 'meaning', 'Regulation', 'suitability', 'investment', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Features', '31 May', 'Ceiling', 'completion', '26 July', 'Beneficiaries', '25 July', 'event', 'division', 'ownership', 'beneficiary', 'ba', '6:00', '1.']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26334,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690492/0/en/PRESS-RELEASE-BIGBEN-DISTRIBUTION-OF-DIVIDEND-IN-KIND-OF-NACON-SHARES.html,PRESS RELEASE: BIGBEN: DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDEND IN KIND OF NACON SHARES,Press release  Lesquin  16 June 2023  6:00 p.m.  Distribution of dividend in kind of Nacon shares...,"Press releaseLesquin  16 June 2023  6:00 p.m.Distribution of dividend in kind of Nacon sharesBIGBEN INTERACTIVE (""BBI"" or the ""Company"") informs its shareholders of the technical details of the distribution of a dividend in kind of NACON (“Nacon”) shares.At the annual general meeting convened for 21 July 2023 (the ""General Meeting"")  BBI’s Board of Directors will ask its shareholders to approve the distribution of a dividend in kind in the form of Nacon shares at the rate of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares held  the terms and conditions of which are described below.This dividend in kind of Nacon shares will be paid on 28 July 2023.The Nacon shares distributed would represent approximately 4.25% of Nacon’s share capital and voting rights.Following this distribution  BBI would retain around 52 917 3581 Nacon shares  representing approximately 60.87% of share capital and 71.48% of voting rights2.BBI shareholders are invited to refer to the 2022 universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 22 June 2022 under number D.22-0545 and the press releases published by Nacon since this date for all information relating to Nacon. These documents are available on Nacon’s website (https://corporate.nacongaming.com/espace-investisseurs/).This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe for any shares of Nacon  or a solicitation to obtain consent or a favourable vote to approve the distribution described in this press release  including in any jurisdiction where such solicitation is not permitted under the laws of that country or territory.United States of AmericaNo shares  securities or other instruments may be offered  sold or transferred in the United States of America unless they are registered or exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. The Nacon shares that are the subject of the distribution in kind have not been and will not be registered in the United States of America under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the distribution in kind has not been approved or refused by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any other state securities commission in the United States of America  and neither such commissions nor the SEC has reviewed the accuracy or adequacy of this report. Any representation to the contrary may be a criminal offence in the United States of America.Member States of the European Economic AreaThis report does not constitute a prospectus or any other offering document within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and should not be relied upon as containing all the information necessary for a potential investor to evaluate the suitability of an investment in BBI or Nacon or to be included in a prospectus prepared in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).1. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DIVIDEND IN KIND1.1. Features of the Distribution in KindBBI holds 56 616 0033 Nacon shares  representing  based on the number of shares and voting rights comprising Nacon’s share capital as at 31 May 2023  65.12% of share capital and 74.83% of voting rights. The shares comprising the share capital of Nacon are ordinary shares  all of the same class  fully paid up  and admitted to trading on compartment B of the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013482791.At the General Meeting  BBI shareholders will be asked to vote on the distribution of a dividend in kind represented by Nacon shares at the rate of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares held  subject to the Ceiling (as defined below) (the ""Distribution in Kind"").Based on the information available as at 31 May 2023  the Distribution in Kind would therefore relate to approximately 3 698 645 Nacon shares4 (out of the 56 616 003 Nacon shares held by BBI as at that date  representing around 6.5% of the Nacon shares held by BBI). Upon completion of the Distribution in Kind  assuming that the exchange ratio of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares remains unchanged  BBI would retain around 52 917 358 Nacon Shares  representing 60.87% of share capital5 and 71.48% of voting rights.The ex-dividend date will be 26 July 2023 and the Distribution in Kind will be paid on 28 July 2023 (the “Payment Date”).The Distribution in Kind will benefit all BBI shareholders whose shares have been registered in their name at the end of the trading day preceding the Payment Date  i.e. 27 July 2023 (the “Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind”). BBI shares bought on Euronext up to 25 July 2023 inclusive will also be eligible for the Distribution in Kind (the “Record Date”).In the event of a division of the ownership of Nacon shares  the beneficiary of the Distribution in Kind will be the bare owner (nu-propriétaire)  unless otherwise agreed. Shareholders are advised to consult their usual advisor on these matters.BBI shares held in treasury on the Record Date will not be entitled to the Distribution in Kind.The amount corresponding to the Distribution in Kind:(i) will be determined by multiplying the number of Nacon shares distributed (whether delivered to BBI shareholders or sold as fractional shares) by the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date;(ii) will be charged to ""Retained Earnings""  it being specified it will be proposed at the General Meeting that all net income for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 be allocated to “Retained earnings”; and(iii) may not exceed the amount of the net income for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 and retained earnings  i.e. a total net amount estimated at EUR 32 154 399 (the ""Ceiling"").In the event that the amount of the Distribution in Kind exceeds this Ceiling  the Board of Directors of BBI shall have full powers to adjust the aforementioned exchange ratio so that the amount distributed does not exceed the Ceiling. This would be the case if the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date exceeded EUR 8.69 based on a maximum distributable amount of EUR 32 154 399 and on the assumption that around 3 698 645 Nacon shares would be distributed.BBI will issue a press release on the morning of the Payment Date once the opening price of the Nacon shares is ascertained  to confirm the exchange ratio for the Distribution in Kind and  in the event that the exchange ratio is adjusted  to inform shareholders of any potential changes to the timetable for the Distribution in Kind.Rights forming fractional shares shall not be tradable or assignable. Accordingly  if the allocation to which a shareholder is entitled by application of the exchange ratio applied is not a whole number of Nacon shares (i.e. a holding of fewer than five (5) BBI shares or not corresponding to a multiple of five (5))  the shareholder shall receive the number of Nacon shares immediately below this amount  together with a cash payment for the balance  the amount of which will be calculated on the basis of the price at which the Nacon shares corresponding to the fractional shares will have been sold. Shareholders holding fewer than five (5) BBI shares on the evening of the Record Date will therefore only receive a cash payment.For illustrative purposes only and assuming a theoretical opening price of the Nacon shares of EUR 2.256:a shareholder holding 4 BBI shares would not receive any Nacon shares but just a balancing payment  the amount of which will depend on the date the Centralising Bank or its financial institution  as the case may be  sells the fractional shares to which it is entitled; anda shareholder holding 6 BBI shares would receive one (1) Nacon share and a balancing payment for the remainder  the amount of which will depend on the date the Centralising Bank or its financial institution  as the case may be  sells the fractional shares to which it is entitled.1.2. Timetable for the Distribution in KindThe indicative timetable for the Distribution in Kind is as follows:16 June 2023 Publication of the first meeting notice (avis de réunion) in the BALO (French official bulletin of legal notices) 5 July 2023 Publication of the second meeting notice (avis de convocation) in the BALO convening the General Meeting 19 July 2023 Start of the suspension period of the liquidity agreement 21 July 2023 General Meeting 26 July 2023 Ex-dividend date of the Distribution in Kind 27 July 2023 Record Date 28 July 2023 Payment Date of the Distribution in KindEnd of the suspension period of the liquidity agreement2. PAYMENT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KINDThe payment of the Distribution in Kind will take place as of the Payment Date  i.e. 28 July 2023  in accordance with the conditions specified below.The bank responsible for the centralisation in connection with the Distribution in Kind (the ""Centralising Bank"") is Uptevia  9 rue du Débarcadère - 93761 Pantin Cedex.For Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding BBI shares in bearer or administered registered form:the Centralising Bank will credit  via Euroclear France  each financial institution holding an account (i) on the Payment Date  the whole number of Nacon shares corresponding to its position in BBI shares duly registered with Euroclear France at the end of the Record Date  applying the exchange ratio of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares registered in the account of the financial institution holding the relevant account and (ii) the amount of the cash balancing payment due to this financial institution holding the account  as of the sale of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after distribution between the financial institutions holding the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares;following which  each of the account-holding financial institutions will credit each of its clients first with (i) the whole number of Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares registered in its books in the name of the client concerned and then (ii) the amount of the cash balancing payment due to this client  the amount of which will be based on the sale price of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after distribution of the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares between its clients.For Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding their BBI shares in issuer registered form:the Centralising Bank  acting as financial institution in charge of keeping the register of issuer registered shareholders  will (i) credit  as of the Payment Date  the account of each of the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding issuer registered BBI shares with the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares held in issuer registered form by the Beneficiary concerned and (ii) credit the accounts of each of the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind concerned with the net amount of the balancing payment due  if applicable  the amount of which will be based on the sale price of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after the distribution between the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind of the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares.The Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind  regardless of how BBI shares are held  must pay  as the case may be  to their authorised financial intermediary or to BBI  through Uptevia  social security contributions and/or the flat rate tax or withholding tax payable in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Where applicable  the authorised financial intermediary responsible for maintaining the bearer or administered registered share accounts  or BBI  through Uptevia  responsible for maintaining the issuer registered share accounts  may sell the number of Nacon shares necessary to pay social security contributions and/or flat rate tax or withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind.Shareholders who wish to sell the Nacon shares received under the Distribution in Kind should contact their usual financial advisor and/or their financial institution holding the account.3. TAX TREATMENT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KIND7The following discussion summarises the French tax consequences that may apply to BBI shareholders as a result of the Distribution in Kind  based on the legislation in force at this time. The rules described below are subject to change and new laws or regulations could be retroactive or apply to the current calendar or financial year.BBI shareholders are advised that the tax information contained in this Section 3 is only a summary of the tax provisions applicable under current legislation and is provided for general information purposes only. Accordingly  the tax information below does not constitute a comprehensive description of all tax impacts that may apply to BBI shareholders as a result of the Distribution in Kind.BBI shareholders are advised to consult their usual tax advisor on the tax consequences applicable to their particular circumstances.In addition  persons who are not French tax residents must refer to (i) the provisions of the applicable tax treaty concluded between their own State of residence and France; (ii) the provisions of French tax legislation; and (iii) the legislation of their State of residence and/or nationality that may apply to them so that they may determine their applicable tax regime. These persons should seek advice from their usual tax advisor regarding the applicable tax treatment for the Distribution in Kind.3.1. Shareholders with tax residence in France3.1.1. Natural persons holding BBI shares as part of their private assets and not carrying out stock market transactions under conditions similar to those characterising an activity carried out by a person professionally engaged in such transactions3.1.1.1. 12.8% withholding taxPursuant to Article 117c of the French Tax Code (CGI)  subject to the exceptions mentioned below  natural persons domiciled in France are subject to a mandatory 12.8% non-final withholding tax (prélèvement forfaitaire non libératoire or “PFNL”) on the gross amount of distributed income.This withholding is made by the paying agent of the income when located in France.When the paying agent of the income is established outside of France  the income is declared and the corresponding withholding tax is paid within the first 15 days of the month following the month of the payment of the income  either by the taxpayer him/herself or by the paying agent  when that entity is established in a Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France to combat tax evasion and tax fraud and has received instructions to this effect by the taxpayer. BBI shareholders who find themselves in this situation should contact their financial intermediary to find out what processes they will put into place in this respect.Natural persons belonging to a tax household whose reference taxable income (revenu fiscal de référence) for the second-to-last tax year  as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  is less than EUR 50 000 for taxpayers who are single  divorced or widowed  or EUR 75 000 for couples filing jointly  may request an exemption from this withholding tax in accordance with Article 242c of the French Tax Code by providing the paying agent  no later than 30 November of the year preceding the year of the payment of the distributed income  with a sworn statement that the reference taxable income shown on the tax notice issued in respect of the second-to-last year preceding the year of payment was below the above-mentioned taxable income thresholds.When the paying agent is established outside France  only natural persons belonging to a tax household whose reference taxable income for the penultimate year  as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  is equal to or more than the amounts mentioned in the previous paragraph are subject to this tax.The withholding tax does not apply to income related to BBI shares held in French share savings plans (Plan d’Épargne en Actions or “PEA”) subject to compliance with the conditions of application of the plan specific to the PEA.3.1.1.2. Income taxThe final taxation of dividends is determined based on the information reported in the income tax return filed the year following the year in which the dividend income is received.Pursuant to 1 of the Article 200 A of the French Tax Code  dividends are  in principle  subject to the 12.8% single flat rate of withholding tax (prélèvement forfaitaire unique or “PFU”).Pursuant to Article 193 of the French Tax Code  the 12.8% PFNL non-final withholding tax may be credited against income tax due in respect of the year in which it was paid. Where it exceeds income tax due  the surplus is refunded.In practice  alignment of current PFU and PFNL rates at 12.8% is equivalent to paying withholding tax at source.Pursuant to Article 200 A (2) of the French Tax Code  by way of derogation from application of the PFU  taxpayers wishing to do so may expressly  generally and irrevocably opt to be subject to the sliding scale of income tax.Pursuant to Article 158 of the French Tax Code  dividends must be included in the shareholder’s total taxable income as investment income (revenus de capitaux mobiliers) in respect of the year during which it is received. The option is exercised each year when filing the tax return and no later than the filing deadline. Dividends then benefit from an unlimited tax allowance of 40% on the amount of distributed income (“40% Allowance”). The option of the sliding scale of income tax applies on an annual basis to all investment income and capital gains subject to the above-mentioned flat-rate tax of 12.8% and realised in respect of the same year.If the BBI shares are held in a French share savings plan (PEA)  dividends and similar distributed income are exempt from income tax  subject to compliance with the terms and conditions applicable to the PEA.3.1.1.3. Social security contributionsRegardless of whether or not the 12.8% PFNL is applicable  the gross amount of income distributed by BBI (before application of the 40% Allowance when the shareholder has opted for the sliding scale of taxation) will also be subject to social security contributions at an overall rate of 17.2%  broken down as follows:✓ general social security contribution (contribution sociale généralisée or “CSG”) at a rate of 9.2%;✓ social debt repayment contribution (contribution pour le remboursement de la dette sociale  “CRDS”) at a rate of 0.5%; and✓ solidarity levy at a rate of 7.5%.These social security contributions are not deductible from income subject to the PFU. When income is subject to the sliding scale upon election  up to 6.8% of the 9.2% CSG can be deducted from taxable income for the year it is paid.Shareholders should consult their usual tax advisor to determine the tax reporting obligations and payment rules that may apply to them in respect of the PFNL and social security contributions.3.1.1.4. Payment of the PFNL withholding tax and social security contributionsBeneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind shall pay  as the case may be  to their authorised financial intermediary or to BBI  through Uptevia  social security contributions and/or flat rate tax or withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Where applicable  the authorised financial intermediary responsible for maintaining the bearer or administered registered share accounts or BBI  through Uptevia  responsible for maintaining issuer registered accounts  may sell the number of Nacon shares required to pay social security contributions and/or the PNFL withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind.3.1.1.5. Exceptional contribution for high-income earnersPursuant to Article 223e of the French Tax Code  taxpayers subject to personal income tax are liable for a contribution based on the amount of the tax household’s reference taxable income as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  without any application of the quotient rules defined in Article 163-0 A of the French Tax Code. Reference income includes distributed income and dividends received by the taxpayers concerned (before the 40% Allowance when the shareholder has opted for taxation under the sliding scale). This contribution is calculated by applying the following rates:✓ 3% of the portion of reference taxable income between EUR 250 000 and EUR 500 000 for single  widowed  separated or divorced taxpayers  and the portion of taxable income between EUR 500 000 and EUR 1 000 000 for couples filing jointly;✓ 4% of the portion of reference taxable income above EUR 500 000 for single  widowed  separated or divorced taxpayers  and the portion of taxable income above EUR 1 000 000 for couples filing jointly.3.1.2. Legal entities subject to corporate income tax (under standard rules)3.1.2.1. Legal entities without the status of a parent company (société mère) in FranceLegal entities  other than those having parent company (société mère) status within the meaning of Article 145 of the French Tax Code  should include dividends and distributed income received in their taxable income subject to the ordinary corporate tax rate. An additional 3.3% social security contribution may also apply  based on the corporate income tax charge  after a deduction of up to EUR 763 000 for each twelve-month period (Article 235 ter ZC of the French Tax Code).However  pursuant to Article 219 I-b of the French Tax Code  for legal entities with annual revenue of less than EUR 10 000 000 (excluding taxes)  and whose share capital is fully paid up and at least 75% continuously held throughout the relevant financial year by natural persons or by a company meeting all these conditions  the corporate income tax rate is set at 15% for the first EUR 42 500 of taxable income for each twelve-month period. In addition  these legal entities are exempted from the aforementioned 3.3% social security contribution.3.1.2.2. Legal entities qualifying as a parent company (société mère) in FranceLegal entities holding at least 5% of BBI’s share capital and voting rights and which meet the conditions set out in Articles 145 and 216 of the French Tax Code may benefit  upon election  from a dividend and distributed income exemption under the parent-subsidiary regime.However  subsection I of Article 216 of the French Tax Code provides for the inclusion  in taxable income subject to corporate income tax at the standard rate of the beneficiary  of a charge for costs and expenses set  under the current legislation  at 5% of total proceeds from shareholdings  tax credits included.3.1.2.3. Other shareholdersBBI shareholders subject to a tax system other than those referred to above  in particular taxpayers whose securities transactions goes beyond simple portfolio management or who have recorded their shares as assets on their business balance sheet  should consult their own tax advisors to determine the provisions that apply to their particular circumstances.3.2. Shareholders with tax residence outside FranceUnder French law as it currently stands and subject to the possible application of international tax treaties  the following discussion summarises certain French tax consequences that may apply to investors (i) who are not French tax residents within the meaning of Article 4 B of the French Tax Code or whose registered office is located outside France and (ii) whose ownership of shares cannot be traced back to a fixed base or permanent establishment subject to taxation in France. Such persons should consult their usual tax advisor regarding the taxation applicable to their particular circumstances and comply with the tax legislation in force in their State of residence and/or nationality.The Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind will have to pay the withholding tax to their paying agent  subject to the provisions of the international tax treaties that may be applicable and to the exceptions mentioned below  when the tax residence or the registered office of the beneficial owner is outside France. Consequently  the amount of the withholding tax shall be made available to the paying agent prior to delivery of the shares.If necessary  the paying agent may sell the number of Nacon shares necessary to pay the applicable withholding taxes.BBI shareholders should contact their financial intermediary to find out the processes that will be put in place by the latter for this purpose.Subject to what is set forth below and the completion of the formalities necessary for the elimination or limitation of the rate of withholding tax at source that may be payable  the rate of this withholding tax is set  in particular  at:✓ 12.8% by Article 187 (1) (2) of the French Tax Code where the beneficiary is a natural person; and✓ 15% where the beneficiary is a non-profit organisation that has its registered office in a Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France for the purpose of combating tax evasion and tax fraud  that would be taxed according to the treatment referred to in Article 206-5 of the French Tax Code if it had its registered office in France and meets the criteria provided for by paragraphs 580 et seq. of the version of 25 March 2013 of the administrative guidelines BOI-IS-CHAMP-1050-10-40.This withholding tax is also applicable to any payment made for the benefit of a non-resident in the context of a temporary assignment or a similar transaction giving the right or obligation to return or resell the shares or other rights relating to these shares. In accordance with Article 119 bis A  1 of the French Tax Code  the temporary or similar transaction must be carried out for a period of less than forty-five days  including the date the right to the distribution of the proceeds of the shares is acquired. If the beneficiary of the payment provides proof that it corresponds to a transaction that has primarily a purpose and effect other than avoiding the application of withholding tax or obtaining a tax benefit  they will be able to obtain reimbursement of the withholding tax  which will be definitely undue to the tax department of the beneficiary’s domicile or head office.Regardless of the location of the beneficiary’s tax residence or registered office  income distributed by BBI outside France to a ""non-cooperative"" State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Tax Code is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 75%.The list of non-cooperative states and territories is published by ministerial order and updated annually. The list updated by the ministerial order dated 3 February 2023 (published in the Official Journal of the French Republic (JORF) dated 5 February 2023) includes the following States and territories: British Virgin Islands  Anguilla  Panama  Seychelles  Bahamas  Turks and Caicos  Vanuatu  Fiji  Guam  US Virgin Islands  Palau  American Samoa  Samoa  Trinidad and Tobago.If States or territories were to be blacklisted by the European Union because they facilitate the creation of offshore structures or devices  they would also be affected by the application of the 75% withholding tax from the date the ministerial order is amended accordingly  in accordance with Article 238-0 A 2 (1) of the French Tax Code.Investors who may be affected by this measure and those who are domiciled or established in a non-cooperative State or territory should seek the advice of their usual tax advisor to determine the tax treatment applicable to them.Shareholders that are legal entities with their place of effective management in a Member State of the European Union may benefit from a withholding tax exemption if they hold at least 10% of BBI’s share capital and otherwise meet all the conditions of Article 119b of the French Tax Code. In addition  subject to meeting the conditions specified in the version of 7 June 2016 of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-30-20-40  legal entities that hold at least 5% of BBI’s share capital may  subject to certain conditions  benefit from a withholding tax exemption if their place of effective management is located either in another Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered an agreement with France to avoid double taxation which includes an administrative assistance clause to combat tax fraud and evasion. Legal entity shareholders who may be affected by this measure should consult their usual tax advisor to determine the tax treatment applicable to them.Furthermore  and subject to payment in a non-cooperative State or territory as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Tax Code  withholding tax is not applicable pursuant to Article 119a (2) of the French Tax Code to dividends paid to collective investment undertakings governed by foreign law  located in a Member State of the European Union or another State that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France for the purpose of combating tax evasion and tax fraud  and which meet the following two conditions:✓ raising capital from a certain number of investors for the purpose of investing it in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of such investors  pursuant to a defined investment policy; and✓ having features similar to those required of collective undertakings governed by French law under section 1  paragraphs 1  2  3  5 and 6 of subsection 2  subsection 3  or sub-section 4 of section 2 of Chapter IV of the 1st Title of Book II of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).The terms of this exemption are set out in the version of 6 October 2021 of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-30-20-70.Finally  withholding tax may be reduced or even eliminated pursuant to tax treaties signed by France.Accordingly  it is the responsibility of BBI shareholders to consult their usual tax advisors to determine whether they are likely to qualify for a reduction to or exemption from the withholding tax by virtue of the preceding principles or provisions of international tax treaties and to determine the formalities to be complied with to benefit from these treaties  including those provided for by the version of 12 September 2012 of administrative guidelines BOI-INT-DG-20-20-20-20 relating to the “standard” or “simplified” procedure for reduction of or exemption from withholding tax.4. IMPACT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KIND ON BBI’S EQUITY  NET INCOME AND NET DEBT4.1. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on the BBI Group’s consolidated equityFollowing the Distribution in Kind  BBI will retain sole control over Nacon. Therefore  in accordance with the IFRS standards in accordance with which the Bigben Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared  the Distribution in Kind will be treated as a disposal of minority assets with no impact on the control of Nacon and will be treated for accounting purposes as a transaction between shareholders and thus recognised as equity.The Distribution in Kind will result in a reduction in BBI’s consolidated equity on the payment date equal to (i) the number of Nacon shares distributed multiplied by the opening price of the Nacon shares on the payment date of the Distribution in Kind  minus (ii) the recognition of a capital gain on the disposal of shares net of tax (with no impact on the Income Statement) resulting from the difference between the Distribution in Kind and the share of the net assets of the Nacon shares transferred to the shareholders  net of the taxes recorded at the time of the Distribution in Kind.The impact of this transaction and of the change in Nacon’s share price on BBI’s consolidated equity compared to the consolidated balance sheet at 31 March 2023  can therefore be summarised as follows:Number of outstanding BBI shares BBI equity (in EUR millions) BBI equity per share(in EUR per share) Situation at 31 March 20238 18 495 9609218.7 11.8 Impact of the Distribution in Kind Distribution in Kind -8.3 -0.4 Capital gain net of tax (without no impact on the Income Statement) -2.1 -0.1 Situation post-Distribution in Kind 208.2 11.34.2. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on BBI’s consolidated net incomeAs there is no loss of control of Nacon by BBI  the Distribution in Kind will not have a material impact on BBI’s consolidated net income.4.3. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on BBI’s net debtThe Distribution in Kind has no impact on BBI’s net debt  except for taxes due in respect of this debt.The distribution of a cash balancing payment to shareholders who do not hold a number of BBI shares entitling them to a whole number of Nacon shares will have an immaterial impact on BBI’s consolidated net debt.5. RISK FACTORSThese risk factors should be carefully considered.5.1. Specific risk factors related to the Distribution in KindThe main risk factors related to the Distribution in Kind are set out below. BBI shareholders should be aware that the list of risks presented below is not exhaustive and that other additional risks may exist that are unknown or the realisation of which as of the date of this press release is not considered likely to have an adverse effect on the Distribution in Kind:in the event that the Distribution in Kind exceeds the Ceiling  the Board of Directors will have to make the necessary adjustment to the exchange ratio so that the amount distributed does not exceed the Ceiling; this would be the case if the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date exceeded EUR 8.69  based on a maximum distributable amount of EUR 32 154 399 and assuming that 3 698 645 Nacon shares would be distributed  it being specified that in the event of the exchange ratio being adjusted  the timetable of the Distribution in Kind could change;BBI shareholders could sell the Nacon shares they receive in connection with the Distribution in Kind  which could create downward pressure on Nacon’s share price;Nacon’s share price could fall after the Distribution in Kind; andtax laws and regulations may change unfavourably compared with the current tax system.5.2. Risk factors relating to Nacon and its businessThe main risk factors relating to Nacon and its business are described in Nacon’s universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 22 June 2022 under number D.22-0545  which BBI shareholders are invited to consult.Next events:Annual General Meeting: 21 July 2023Q1 2023-24 sales: 24 July 2023 after market closeABOUT BIGBEN INTERACTIVE2022-23 SALES€283.5mHEADCOUNTOver 1 300 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution network in more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben is a European player in video game development and publishing  design and distribution of smartphone and gaming accessories  as well as audio/video products. The Group  which is recognised for its capacities in terms of innovation and creativity  intends to become one of the leading names in Europe in each of its markets.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index: CAC Mid & Small – Eligible for Long SRDISIN: FR0000074072; Reuters: BIGPA; Bloomberg: BIGFPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 011 Of which 3 555 937 Nacon shares were loaned to BNP Paribas for hedging purposes as part of the bond issue by Bigben Interactive (refer to note 2.2.4 of the appendices to the consolidated financial statements appearing in the Universal registration document filed by Bigben Interactive on 27 June 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under number D.22-0553).2 on the basis of the number of shares and voting rights making up Nacon’s capital at 31 May 2023.3 Of which 3 555 937 Nacon shares were loaned on 12 February 2021 to BNP Paribas for hedging purposes as part of the bond issue by BBI (refer to note 2.2.4 of the appendices to the consolidated financial statements appearing in the Universal registration document filed by BBI on 27 June 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under number D.22-0553).4 This number is obtained by multiplying the number of BBI shares entitled to the Distribution in Kind  i.e. 18 493 221 BBI shares (18 529 960 shares making up BBI’s share capital  less 36 739 treasury shares)  by the exchange ratio of 1 Nacon share for every 5 BBI shares  based on the theoretical assumption that there are no fractional shares.5 on the basis of the number of shares and voting rights making up Nacon’s share capital at 31 May 2023.6 The theoretical stock market price used for the above examples (namely 2.25 euros per Nacon share) is the closing price of the Nacon share on May 31  20237 Fractional shares will be subject to the same tax regime as specified here.8 On the basis of BBI’s consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 March 2023 as approved by the Board of Directors on 30 May 2023.9 Number of shares making up BBI’s share capital less treasury shares as at 31 September 2023.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.0,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', 'NACON SHARES', 'BIGBEN', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'DIVIDEND', 'KIND', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'other state securities commission', 'European Economic Area', 'other offering document', '2022 universal registration document', 'annual general meeting', 'Press release Lesquin', 'one (1) Nacon share', 'five (5) BBI shares', 'The Nacon shares', 'other instruments', 'Exchange Commission', 'share capital', 'press releases', 'BIGBEN INTERACTIVE', 'technical details', 'voting rights', 'favourable vote', 'United States', 'criminal offence', 'Member States', 'potential investor', 'same class', 'compartment B', 'ISIN code', 'exchange ratio', 'trading day', 'bare owner', 'propriétaire', 'usual advisor', 'ordinary shares', '3,698,645 Nacon shares4', '52,917,3581 Nacon shares', '56,616,0033 Nacon shares', '56,616,003 Nacon shares', '358 Nacon Shares', 'ex-dividend date', 'Payment Date', 'Record Date', 'Euronext Paris', 'BBI shareholders', '16 June', 'Distribution', 'kind', 'Company', '21 July', 'Board', 'Directors', 'form', 'rate', 'terms', 'conditions', '28 July', '22 June', 'number', 'documents', 'website', 'nacongaming', 'solicitation', 'consent', 'jurisdiction', 'laws', 'country', 'territory', 'America', 'subject', 'commissions', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'report', 'representation', 'contrary', 'prospectus', 'meaning', 'Regulation', 'suitability', 'investment', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Features', '31 May', 'market', 'Ceiling', 'completion', 'name', 'Beneficiaries', '25 July', 'event', 'division', 'ownership', 'beneficiary', 'matters', 'treasury', '6:00', '1.']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26335,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://insidebitcoins.com/news/deutsche-bank-applies-for-digital-asset-license-amid-growth-push,Deutsche Bank Applies for Digital Asset License Amid Growth Push,Deutsche Bank is seeking a digital asset license as part of its efforts to expand its business in the growing field of cryptocurrencies.,Join Our Telegram channel to stay up to date on breaking news coverageDeutsche Bank has reportedly sought approval from German regulatory authorities to venture into digital asset custody services. This development comes in the wake of BlackRock’s recent application for the establishment of a Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) in the United States.Deutsche Bank Seeks Approval for Crypto Custody ServicesDeutsche Bank  the largest bank in Germany  is seeking regulatory approval to provide custody services for digital assets  including cryptocurrencies. According to David Lynne  the head of the bank’s commercial banking unit  Germany’s largest bank  which holds about $1.4 trillion in assets  will venture into safeguarding cryptocurrencies if approved.Deutsche Bank applies for digital asset license. 🤷‍♂️ — CZ 🔶 Binance (@cz_binance) June 20  2023https://twitter.com/cz_binance/status/1671132971380662274?s=20“We are expanding our digital assets and custody business. We just put our application into the Bafin for the digital asset license ” said David Lynne.Deutsche Bank’s decision to offer crypto custody services aligns with its corporate banking division’s broader strategy to increase income fees.The move is also in line with the efforts of Deutsche Bank’s investment arm  DWS Group  which previously announced a deal to generate revenue through solutions related to digital assets.Deutsche Bank’s decision to enter the digital asset and crypto custody arena comes almost three years after its corporate bank initially suggested such intentions. However  the bank had remained tight-lipped regarding the timeline for the rollout of these custody services.Germany’s Welcoming Approach to Crypto IndustryGermany has supported the crypto industry by introducing a bill in 2019 to allow crypto custody and trading services through licensed institutions  aligning with the EU’s Fourth Anti-Money Laundering Directive.BaFin  the regulatory authority in Germany  issued four licenses for crypto custody and granted provisional permits to 14 institutions by December 2022. In June 2021  Coinbase Germany became the first company to secure a BaFin license for operating a crypto custody platform.Germany grants Coinbase licence for crypto custody services https://t.co/D54euzooWM pic.twitter.com/ogi2gAaRnF — Reuters (@Reuters) June 28  2021In March 2023  German regulators granted custody and trading services licenses to Boerse Stuttgart Digital  the country’s stock market operator  and Finoa  a cryptocurrency trading platform.Banking and Financial Giants Drive Growth in Crypto Market CapitalizationWith banking and financial powerhouses stepping into the cryptocurrency arena by providing crypto custodial services and Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) to institutional clients  the usage and overall market capitalization of cryptocurrencies are predicted to undergo significant expansion.Institutional investors have become increasingly crucial players in the cryptocurrency space  particularly since the 2017 Bitcoin boom. However  the events of 2022  such as the failure of Terra’s LUNA and UST tokens  as well as the FTX exchange’s insolvency caused institutional capital to withdraw from alternative cryptocurrencies and major digital assets.Consequently  the overall market value of cryptocurrencies experienced a significant decline. However  with institutions slowly adopting crypto assets  it is anticipated that capital inflows will increase  thereby restoring the crypto ecosystem.Paradigm Shift as Traditional Finance Embraces Digital AssetsThe growing acceptance of digital assets by traditional finance is causing a paradigm shift in the investment landscape. Institutions and major players in finance are increasingly recognizing the potential of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology  leading to more investment and innovation in the sector.BlackRock  the world’s largest asset manager  has made notable advancements in introducing a spot Bitcoin ETF. And even though they have been facing opposition from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) the potential approval of such an investment product would have a significant impact.BlackRock’s application has emerged during a pivotal time for cryptocurrencies in the U.S.  with the securities regulator recently filing two lawsuits against Binance and Coinbase  accusing them of misconduct.In contrast  Europe’s regulatory environment appears to be more defined  particularly following the enactment of the groundbreaking MiCA regulation.Related NewsWall Street Memes - Next Big Crypto Rating Early Access Presale Live NowEstablished Community of Stocks & Crypto TradersFeatured on BeInCrypto  Bitcoinist  Yahoo FinanceRated Best Crypto to Buy Now In Meme Coin SectorTeam Behind OpenSea NFT Collection - Wall St BullsTweets Replied to by Elon Musk Learn More,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.09,0.66,True,English,"['Digital Asset License', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Growth Push', 'Fourth Anti-Money Laundering Directive', 'Next Big Crypto Rating', 'digital asset custody services', 'stock market operator', 'overall market capitalization', 'overall market value', 'groundbreaking MiCA regulation', 'Wall Street Memes', 'OpenSea NFT Collection', 'Wall St Bulls', 'Crypto Market Capitalization', 'Boerse Stuttgart Digital', 'crypto custodial services', 'Bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'largest asset manager', 'digital asset license', 'crypto custody platform', 'commercial banking unit', 'cryptocurrency trading platform', 'Meme Coin Sector', 'trading services licenses', 'Crypto Custody Services', 'German regulatory authorities', 'crypto custody arena', 'corporate banking division', 'U.S. Securities', 'major digital assets', 'cryptocurrency arena', 'Crypto Industry', 'crypto assets', 'crypto ecosystem', 'Crypto Traders', 'Best Crypto', 'custody business', 'four licenses', 'German regulators', 'major players', 'securities regulator', 'cryptocurrency space', '2017 Bitcoin boom', 'FTX exchange', 'Exchange Commission', 'regulatory authority', 'regulatory environment', 'largest bank', 'Telegram channel', 'United States', 'David Lynne', 'broader strategy', 'income fees', 'DWS Group', 'Welcoming Approach', 'provisional permits', 'first company', 'BaFin license', 'Financial Giants', 'financial powerhouses', 'institutional clients', 'significant expansion', 'Institutional investors', 'crucial players', 'institutional capital', 'significant decline', 'capital inflows', 'Paradigm Shift', 'growing acceptance', 'blockchain technology', 'notable advancements', 'significant impact', 'pivotal time', 'two lawsuits', 'Access Presale', 'Elon Musk', 'Bitcoin ETF', 'Deutsche Bank', 'regulatory approval', 'investment arm', 'Traditional Finance', 'investment landscape', 'investment product', 'Yahoo Finance', 'Coinbase licence', 'news coverage', 'recent application', 'licensed institutions', 'alternative cryptocurrencies', 'potential approval', 'Coinbase Germany', '14 institutions', 'date', 'development', 'wake', 'BlackRock', 'establishment', 'head', 'CZ', 'Binance', 'June', 'decision', 'move', 'efforts', 'deal', 'revenue', 'solutions', 'intentions', 'timeline', 'rollout', 'bill', 'December', 'D54euzooWM', 'Reuters', 'March', 'country', 'Finoa', 'Growth', 'ETFs', 'usage', 'events', 'failure', 'Terra', 'LUNA', 'tokens', 'insolvency', 'innovation', 'world', 'spot', 'opposition', 'misconduct', 'contrast', 'Europe', 'enactment', 'Community', 'Stocks', 'BeInCrypto', 'Bitcoinist', 'Team', 'Tweets', '♂️']",2023-06-20,2023-06-20,insidebitcoins.com
26336,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690473/0/en/ASM-share-buyback-update-June-12-16-2023.html,ASM share buyback update June 12 – 16  2023,Almere  The NetherlandsJune 19  2023  5:45 p.m. CET          ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions ...,Almere  The NetherlandsJune 19  2023  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value June 12  2023 543 € 389.25 € 211 363 June 16  2023 379 € 402.44 € 152 525 Total 922 € 394.67 € 363 888These repurchases were made as part of the €100 million share buyback program which started on April 27  2023. Of the total program  28.5% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside informatio within the meaning of Article 9(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€100 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'June', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'April', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', 'Contact', '5:45']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26337,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/future/WHEAT-FUTURES-ZW-CBE-16218/news/Paris-wheat-drifts-Algerian-purchase-tender-in-focus-44141947/,Paris wheat drifts  Algerian purchase tender in focus,(marketscreener.com) Euronext wheat was firmeron Monday  consolidating after Friday's near six-week high as aU.S. holiday deprived the market of impetus and traders awaitedresults from a tender by major importer Algeria. September wheat on the Paris-based…,"HAMBURG  June 19 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat was firmer on Monday  consolidating after Friday's near six-week high as a U.S. holiday deprived the market of impetus and traders awaited results from a tender by major importer Algeria.September wheat on the Paris-based Euronext exchange was up 0.4% at 239.75 euros ($261.74) per metric ton at 1431 GMT  holding below Friday's peak of 243.25 euros.Euronext was buoyed last week by a weather-fuelled rally in Chicago futures  as well as hot  dry conditions across northern Europe.But storm showers in France at the weekend and widespread rain forecast this week in Europe have tempered concerns about crop stress in the run-up to summer harvesting  dealers said.The European Union's crop monitoring service lowered its monthly forecast of this year's EU soft wheat yield citing adverse weather  though the estimate remained above last year's level.A tender being held on Monday by Algeria  a major export outlet for EU wheat  was being watched for signs of competition from Black Sea origins including Russia.There were sharper price moves in Euronext rapeseed as the oilseed market retreated from Friday's two-month peak.Rapeseed climbed last week on the back of weather concerns for U.S. soybeans.""It was a speculative rally tracking soybeans and soybean oil "" a futures dealer said. ""We have a heavy supply context in European rapeseed and a large crop coming.""August rapeseed was down 2.1% at 463.25 euros a metric ton.Continued dryness in north Germany  the country's main production region for exports  continued to cause concern.""A good volume of rain fell in east Germany in past days which has helped to relieve concern there but northern regions including Schleswig-Holstein  parts of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Lower Saxony hardly received anything "" one German trader said.""Actual dryness damage now is now feared in the north."" (Reporting by Michael Hogan and Gus Trompiz Editing by Mark Potter)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.05,0.15,0.8,True,English,"['Paris wheat drifts', 'Algerian purchase tender', 'focus', 'EU soft wheat yield', 'U.S. holiday', 'hot, dry conditions', 'Black Sea origins', 'sharper price moves', 'heavy supply context', 'main production region', 'one German trader', 'The European Union', 'major export outlet', 'crop monitoring service', 'U.S. soybeans', 'Actual dryness damage', 'Paris-based Euronext exchange', 'EU wheat', 'major importer', 'September wheat', 'crop stress', 'large crop', 'Euronext wheat', 'weather-fuelled rally', 'Chicago futures', 'storm showers', 'summer harvesting', 'monthly forecast', 'adverse weather', 'speculative rally', 'soybean oil', 'futures dealer', 'European rapeseed', 'good volume', 'east Germany', 'past days', 'northern regions', 'Lower Saxony', 'Michael Hogan', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Mark Potter', 'northern Europe', 'widespread rain', 'last year', 'oilseed market', 'two-month peak', 'weather concerns', 'north Germany', 'HAMBURG', 'June', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'impetus', 'traders', 'results', 'tender', 'Algeria', '239.75 euros', 'ton', '1431 GMT', '243.25 euros', 'France', 'weekend', 'run-up', 'dealers', 'estimate', 'level', 'signs', 'competition', 'Russia', 'back', 'August', '463.25 euros', 'country', 'exports', 'Schleswig-Holstein', 'parts', 'Mecklenburg-Vorpommern']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26338,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PARAGON-ID-42735454/news/Paragon-Id-Listing-of-Paragon-ID-Shares-Suspended-44139031/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Paragon Id :  Listing of Paragon ID Shares Suspended,(marketscreener.com)  Paragon ID   leading provider of identification solutions for e-ID  Smart Cities & Mass Transit  Track & Trace and Brand Protection and Payment  announced today that it has asked Euronext to suspend the listing of its shares on the Eur…,"Paragon ID (Euronext Paris - FR0013318813 - PID)  leading provider of identification solutions for e-ID  Smart Cities & Mass Transit  Track & Trace and Brand Protection and Payment  announced today that it has asked Euronext to suspend the listing of its shares on the Euronext Paris regulated market as of today  pending a press release.About Paragon IDAbout Paragon ID Paragon ID is a leader in identification solutions  in particular in the e-ID  Transport & Smart Cities  Traceability & Brand Protection and Payment sectors. Paragon ID employs more than 650 staff  with manufacturing sites in US and Europe  close to its customers.Paragon ID is listed on Euronext Paris with a majority of its shares being held by Paragon Group  a leading provider of Customer Communications  Identification  Graphics Services and Office Services. Paragon Group has a turnover of €1.5 billion and more than 9 000 employees. Paragon Group combines generations of experience with the latest innovations in technology and smart data to enable responsive and meaningful interactions between organisations and their customers. For further information about Paragon Group  visit Paragon-Europe.com.Euronext Paris - Share identification: Paragon ID - ISIN Code: FR0013318813 - Mnemonic code: PID.For further information about Paragon ID  visit Paragon-id.com.ContactsParagon IDClem GarveyCEOTél. : +33 (0)2 48 81 61 00clem.garvey@paragon-id.com ACTUS finance & communicationInvestors relationsMathieu OmnesTél. : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr ACTUS finance & communicationPress relationsFatou-Kiné N'DiayeTél. : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lpxsYJhtZGbKy25qZcZomWhoamySyGGaa2eVxGqelZbIaW6TyWuXnJudZnFhmW1q- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80484-pr_shares-suspended_19062023_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.92,0.07,positive,0.63,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Paragon ID Shares', 'Listing', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', ""Fatou-Kiné N'Diaye"", 'Clem Garvey CEO', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Press relations', 'other releases', 'Regulated information', 'leading provider', 'Smart Cities', 'Mass Transit', 'Brand Protection', 'manufacturing sites', 'Customer Communications', 'Graphics Services', 'Office Services', 'latest innovations', 'smart data', 'meaningful interactions', 'ISIN Code', 'Mnemonic code', 'Tél', 'Investors relations', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Paragon Group', 'Paragon ID', 'identification solutions', 'Share identification', 'ACTUS finance', 'Payment sectors', 'PID', 'e-ID', 'Track', 'Trace', 'listing', 'shares', 'today', 'leader', 'Transport', '650 staff', 'Europe', 'customers', 'majority', 'turnover', '9,000 employees', 'generations', 'experience', 'technology', 'responsive', 'organisations', 'Paragon-id', 'Contacts', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '33', '2', '1']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26339,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-June-12-2023-until-June-16-2023-includ-44142333/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from June 12  2023 until June 16  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   June 19  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from June 12  2023 until June 16  2023    Implementation of …,June 19  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from June 12  2023 until June 16  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from June 12  2023 until June 16  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until June 30  2023): 158 987 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 06/12/2023 32 610 72.88 72.52 73.30 2 376 464 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 06/13/2023 36 190 73.02 72.48 73.26 2 642 424 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 06/14/2023 30 689 73.33 72.98 73.50 2 250 449 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 06/15/2023 23 541 73.25 73.02 73.50 1 724 475 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 06/16/2023 35 957 73.52 73.36 73.72 2 643 487 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 158 987 73.20 11 637 295 Regulated information of June 19  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 38 500 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 06/12/2023 3 500 73.07 72.52 73.30 255 753 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/13/2023 16 500 73.12 72.48 73.26 1 206 539 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/14/2023 4 500 73.26 72.98 73.50 329 675 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/15/2023 3 000 73.19 73.02 73.50 219 560 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/16/2023 11 000 73.64 73.36 73.72 810 029 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 38 500 73.29 2 821 556 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from June 12  2023 until June 16  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 55 300 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 06/12/2023 1 800 73.04 72.52 73.30 131 469 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/13/2023 25 000 73.17 72.48 73.26 1 829 365 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/14/2023 17 000 73.30 72.98 73.50 1 246 175 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/15/2023 5 500 73.31 73.02 73.50 403 178 Stock Exchange Euronext 06/16/2023 6 000 73.62 73.36 73.72 441 706 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 55 300 73.27 4 051 893 As of June 16  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 9 283 313 GBL shares representing 6.3% of the issued capital  and holds 5 000 shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  15.1% of the sixth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of June 19  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'June', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'sixth share buyback program', 'market shares price', '0,029 Stock Exchange Euronext Total', '1,706 Stock Exchange Euronext Total', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', '675 Stock Exchange Euronext', '219,560 Stock Exchange Euronext', '175 Stock Exchange Euronext', '0 GBL share', 'GBL Shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', '56 Sales GBL', 'gbl.be', '5,000 shares', 'June', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'Number', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'The', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26340,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690096/0/en/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the third tranche of the share buyback program of up to €150 million announced on 17 April 2023 (the “third tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amster…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the third tranche of the share buyback program of up to €150 million announced on 17 April 2023 (the “third tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam and CBOE DXE:EURONEXT AMSTERDAMTrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 12 June 2023 39 410 80.7705 3 183 165.38 13 June 2023 47 982 81.3431 3 903 006.96 TOTAL 87 392 7 086 172.34CBOE DXETrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 12 June 2023 20 000 80.7901 1 615 801.00 TOTAL 20 000 1 615 801.00After these purchases  the total invested amount under the third tranche is approximately €150 million for a total amount of 1 917 330 ordinary shares purchased.With the purchases described above the Company has completed the third tranche of the share buyback program announced on 17 April 2023.As of 16 June 2023  the Company held in total 9 164 463 ordinary shares in treasury (3.92% of total ordinary issued share capital)1.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.1 This corresponds to 1.25% of the total issued share capital including both ordinary shares and special voting shares.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'special voting shares', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'ordinary shares', 'third tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'CBOE DXE', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '17 April', 'fees', '12 June', '13 June', 'purchases', '16 June', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26341,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NETWEEK-S-P-A-11038608/news/Netweek-share-regrouping-occurred-without-capital-change-44139426/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Netweek  share regrouping occurred without capital change,(marketscreener.com) Netweek Spa on Monday announced that it has regrouped the company's ordinary shares in the ratio of one new ordinary share for every 10 existing ordinary shares. So  as a result of the regrouping  Netweek's total number of shares is 47.4 …,(Alliance News) - Netweek Spa on Monday announced that it has regrouped the company's ordinary shares in the ratio of one new ordinary share for every 10 existing ordinary shares.So  as a result of the regrouping  Netweek's total number of shares is 47.4 million from 473.5 million ordinary shares  with no change in share capital  including 14.2 million ordinary shares admitted to trading on Euronext Milan and 33.1 million ordinary shares not admitted to trading.The company also announced that the official price of Netweek's ordinary shares recorded on Euronext Milan on June 16 to value the fractions generated by the application of the regrouping ratio is EUR0.0365.As of today  one share of Netweek is worth EUR0.036 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['share regrouping', 'capital change', 'Netweek', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'one new ordinary share', 'Alliance News reporter', '10 existing ordinary shares', '473.5 million ordinary shares', '14.2 million ordinary shares', '33.1 million ordinary shares', 'one share', 'share capital', 'total number', 'Euronext Milan', 'official price', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'Netweek Spa', 'regrouping ratio', 'Monday', 'company', 'result', 'change', 'June', 'fractions', 'application', 'today', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26342,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOFINA-SA-5960/news/Sofina-Share-buyback-ndash-19-06-2023-44142610/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Sofina : Share buyback – 19/06/2023,(marketscreener.com)   19 June 2023 - after 5.40pm Regulated information   PRESS RELEASE   Sofina announced the launch of its Share Buyback Programme in a press release dated 30 May 2023.This programme started on 31 May 2023 and will end on or before …,19 June 2023 - after 5.40pm Regulated informationPRESS RELEASESofina announced the launch of its Share Buyback Programme in a press release dated 30 May 2023.This programme started on 31 May 2023 and will end on or before 30 June 2023. Under this programme  Sofina may acquire  through the independent intermediary it appointed  a maximum of 50 000 Sofina shares on Euronext Brussels for a total maximum amount of EUR 11.5 million.In the framework of this programme  Sofina has carried out the following share buyback transactions on Euronext Brussels during the period from 8 June 2023 to 16 June 2023:PURCHASE DATE SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM TOTAL PURCHASED (EUR) (EUR) PRICE (EUR) (EUR) 08/06/2023 3 400 203.48 204.60 202.40 691 823.84 09/06/2023 1 800 204.02 205.00 202.60 367 238.34 12/06/2023 2 000 204.72 206.00 203.80 409 433.40 13/06/2023 2 600 203.89 206.00 203.20 530 118.94 14/06/2023 2 100 204.93 205.20 203.40 430 349.43 15/06/2023 3 700 202.39 205.80 201.00 748 828.94 16/06/2023 5 300 199.20 204.00 198.20 1 055 738.27 TOTAL 20 900 202.56 206.00 198.20 4 233 531.16Sofina holds 952 928 treasury shares on 16 June 2023.SOFINA SA | Rue de l'Industrie  31 - 1040 Brussels | RLE Brussels: 0403.219.397Listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN BE0003717312) | www.sofinagroup.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Share buyback', 'Sofina', 'PURCHASE DATE SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM TOTAL PURCHASED', 'following share buyback transactions', 'total maximum amount', 'Share Buyback Programme', '952,928 treasury shares', '50,000 Sofina shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'independent intermediary', 'Euronext Brussels', 'RLE Brussels', 'SOFINA SA', '1040 Brussels', '19 June', 'information', 'launch', 'May', '30 June', 'framework', 'period', '8 June', '16 June', 'Rue', 'ISIN', 'sofinagroup', '5.']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26343,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-share-buyback-update-June-12-ndash-16-2023-44142282/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,ASM share buyback update June 12 – 16  2023,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The NetherlandsJune 19  2023  5:45 p.m. CET ASM International N.V. reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program. Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value June 12  2023 543 …,Almere  The NetherlandsJune 19  2023  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value June 12  2023 543 € 389.25 € 211 363 June 16  2023 379 € 402.44 € 152 525 Total 922 € 394.67 € 363 888These repurchases were made as part of the €100 million share buyback program which started on April 27  2023. Of the total program  28.5% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside informatio within the meaning of Article 9(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€100 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'June', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'April', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:45']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26344,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-wins-the-largest-OOH-DOOH-advertising-contract-in-Norway-with-Oslo-Sporveien-44142260/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,JCDecaux wins the largest OOH/DOOH advertising contract in Norway with Oslo Sporveien,(marketscreener.com) JCDecaux wins the largest OOH/DOOH advertising contract in Norway with Oslo Sporveien Paris  June 19th  2023 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today that JCDecaux Norge AS  its Norwegian subsi…,"JCDecaux wins the largest OOH/DOOH advertising contract in Norway with Oslo SporveienParis  June 19th  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today that JCDecaux Norge AS  its Norwegian subsidiary  has won an exclusive 6-year (plus a 2-year extension option) advertising contract with Sporveien Media AS – the company governing the advertising concessions for public transport in the greater Oslo region – with a population of over 1.3 million.The contract includes advertising rights on all buses  trams  and the Oslo metro – trains and stations. The Oslo Metro is the most digitised OOH contract on the Norwegian market  with a total of 345 digital panels and more than 100 million annual passengers.The contract counts for more than 20% market share on the Norwegian OOH market and will place JCDecaux as a market leader in Norway for OOH and DOOH.The tender was evaluated on financial and non-financial criteria – including sustainability  where JCDecaux was the winner.Inge Aasen  Managing director of Sporveien Media  said: “We are very satisfied with the agreement with JCDecaux Norge AS  which ensures further innovation and development of public transport's values. The advertising agreement generates important income for the public transport sector.”Jean-François Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux  said: ""We are delighted to work with Sporveien Media AS again. A concession JCDecaux operated until 2012  and where we started the digital transformation of the Norwegian OOH market. We aim to develop further the contract with new digital concepts and a well-positioned media offer for local  national  and international advertisers. We will operate this contract with a commitment to global carbon neutrality and issue a carbon emission report annually for the contract that will document all the planned emission reduction activities. The contract fits perfectly with our existing portfolio and will place JCDecaux as a clear market leader on the Norwegian OOH.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A-)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.comJoin us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['largest OOH/DOOH advertising contract', 'Oslo Sporveien', 'JCDecaux', 'Norway', '2-year extension option) advertising contract', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'largest OOH/DOOH advertising contract', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'global carbon neutrality', 'carbon emission report', 'emission reduction activities', 'Platinum Medal status', 'greater Oslo region', '100 million annual passengers', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Home Media company', 'new digital concepts', 'Sporveien Media AS', 'The Oslo Metro', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'public transport sector', 'clear market leader', 'JCDecaux Norge AS', 'Norwegian OOH market', 'Oslo Sporveien', 'Norwegian market', 'media offer', 'transport advertising', 'Norwegian OOH.', '20% market share', 'Executive Board', '850 million people', 'Norwegian subsidiary', 'advertising concessions', 'advertising rights', '1,040,132 advertising panels', '604,536 advertising panels', '101,976 advertising panels', '654,957 advertising panels', '70,973 advertising panels', '371 advertising panels', '345 digital panels', 'digital transformation', 'OOH contract', 'exclusive 6-year', 'Inge Aasen', 'Managing director', 'important income', 'international advertisers', 'existing portfolio', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', 'extra-financial performance', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'advertising agreement', 'financial criteria', 'JCDecaux SE', 'concession JCDecaux', 'Euronext 100', 'Norway', 'June', 'number', 'population', 'buses', 'trams', 'trains', 'stations', 'total', 'DOOH.', 'tender', 'sustainability', 'winner', 'innovation', 'development', 'values', 'Chairman', 'commitment', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,573 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,200 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'EcoVadis', '1st', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '153 airports', '205 contracts', 'metros', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26345,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690476/0/en/Quadient-SA-Approval-of-all-resolutions-by-the-combined-Shareholders-meeting-of-16-June-2023.html,Quadient SA - Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meeting of 16 June 2023,Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meeting of 16 June 2023  Paris  19 June 2023   The combined Annual General meeting of...,English FrenchApproval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meetingof 16 June 2023Paris  19 June 2023 The combined Annual General meeting of Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) was held on 16 June 2023 under the chairmanship of Mr. Didier Lamouche. All submitted resolutions were approved  with shareholders participation of 72 90%.The Shareholders’ meeting approved the renewal of the mandate of Mr. Eric Courteille.The General Meeting also renewed all the financial delegations granted to the Board of Directors.Lastly  the Shareholders’ meeting approved the distribution of a €0.60 per share cash dividend to be paid in one installment  on 7 August 2023.A replay of the webcast of the Annual general meeting and the result of the voting on the resolutions can be found on Quadient’s website (https://invest.quadient.com/en-US/annual-general-meetings).About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the SBF 120®  CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 30 56c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.64,0.34,0.02,True,English,"['Quadient SA', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'combined', '16 June', 'three key solution areas', 'combined Annual General meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'Mr. Didier Lamouche', 'Mr. Eric Courteille', 'share cash dividend', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'The Shareholders’ meeting', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'shareholders participation', 'English French', 'financial delegations', 'one installment', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'OPRG Financial', 'Euronext Paris', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'Approval', 'resolutions', '16 June', '19 June', 'QDT', 'chairmanship', 'renewal', 'mandate', 'Board', 'Directors', 'distribution', '7 August', 'replay', 'webcast', 'result', 'voting', 'website', 'annual-general-meetings', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'SBF 120®', 'information', 'Contacts', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment', '72']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26346,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-SA-Approval-of-all-resolutions-by-the-combined-Shareholders-meeting-of-16-June-2023-44142290/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Quadient SA - Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders' meeting of 16 June 2023,(marketscreener.com) Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meeting of 16 June 2023 Paris  19 June 2023  The combined Annual General meeting of Quadient was held on 16 June 2023 under the chairmanship of Mr. Didier Lamouche. All submitted r…,Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meetingof 16 June 2023Paris  19 June 2023 The combined Annual General meeting of Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) was held on 16 June 2023 under the chairmanship of Mr. Didier Lamouche. All submitted resolutions were approved  with shareholders participation of 72 90%.The Shareholders’ meeting approved the renewal of the mandate of Mr. Eric Courteille.The General Meeting also renewed all the financial delegations granted to the Board of Directors.Lastly  the Shareholders’ meeting approved the distribution of a €0.60 per share cash dividend to be paid in one installment  on 7 August 2023.A replay of the webcast of the Annual general meeting and the result of the voting on the resolutions can be found on Quadient’s website (https://invest.quadient.com/en-US/annual-general-meetings).About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the SBF 120®  CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 30 56c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,True,English,"['Quadient SA', ""Shareholders' meeting"", 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'combined', '16 June', 'three key solution areas', 'combined Annual General meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'Mr. Didier Lamouche', 'Mr. Eric Courteille', 'share cash dividend', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'The Shareholders’ meeting', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'shareholders participation', 'financial delegations', 'one installment', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'OPRG Financial', 'Euronext Paris', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'Approval', 'resolutions', '16 June', '19 June', 'QDT', 'chairmanship', 'renewal', 'mandate', 'Board', 'Directors', 'distribution', '7 August', 'replay', 'webcast', 'result', 'voting', 'website', 'annual-general-meetings', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'SBF 120®', 'information', 'Contacts', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment', '72']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26347,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690477/0/en/Update-share-buyback-program-19-June-2023.html,Update share buyback program (19 June 2023),Update share buyback program (19 June 2023)              Regulated information        19 June 2023 - 17.45 CET        On 12 June 2023  Kinepolis Group......,English French DutchUpdate share buyback program (19 June 2023)Regulated information19 June 2023 - 17.45 CETOn 12 June 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 13 June 2023 and ends on 16 August 2023 at the latest. Under this program  Kinepolis Group may buy back  through the appointed independent intermediary  up to 200 000 shares on Euronext Brussels for a total maximum amount of € 10 million.During the period from 13 June 2023 to 16 June 2023  the following transactions were carried out on Euronext Brussels under this program:Date Number of shares Average price (EUR)Lowest price (EUR)Highest price(EUR) Total(EUR) 13/06/2023 3 520 €44.86 €44.30 €46.05 €157 912.40 14/06/2023 2 779 €43.85 €43.65 €44.05 €121 871.05 15/06/2023 3 450 €43.76 €43.50 €44.00 €150 982.20 16/06/2023 2 496 €44.03 €43.60 €44.35 €109 902.45 Total 12 245 €540 668.10As a result of the aforementioned transactions  the Company holds 394 641 own shares on the date of 16 June 2023.This information as well as the summary of the buybacks since the start of the Share buyback program can be found on the website http://investors.kinepolis.com.KINEPOLIS GROUP NVPublic limited company in the capacity of a listed companyEeuwfeestlaan 20  1020 BrusselsEnterprise Number BE 0415.928.179 RLP Brussels,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.84,0.13,0.03,True,English,"['Update share buyback program', 'Update share buyback program', 'English French Dutch', 'total maximum amount', 'Public limited company', '1020 Brussels Enterprise Number', 'KINEPOLIS GROUP NV', 'share options', 'Euronext Brussels', '79 RLP Brussels', 'independent intermediary', 'Date Number', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'listed company', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'to 200 000 shares', '19 June', '17.45 CET', '12 June', 'launch', '13 June', '16 August', 'period', '16 June', 'result', 'summary', 'buybacks', 'start', 'website', 'investors', 'capacity', 'Eeuwfeestlaan', '394,641']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26348,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KINEPOLIS-GROUP-NV-16805128/news/Update-share-buyback-program-19-June-2023-44142295/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Update share buyback program (19 June 2023),(marketscreener.com) Update share buyback program Regulated information 19 June 2023 - 17.45 CET On 12 June 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 13 June 2023 and ends on 16 Aug…,Update share buyback program (19 June 2023)Regulated information19 June 2023 - 17.45 CETOn 12 June 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 13 June 2023 and ends on 16 August 2023 at the latest. Under this program  Kinepolis Group may buy back  through the appointed independent intermediary  up to 200 000 shares on Euronext Brussels for a total maximum amount of € 10 million.During the period from 13 June 2023 to 16 June 2023  the following transactions were carried out on Euronext Brussels under this program:Date Number of shares Average price (EUR)Lowest price (EUR)Highest price(EUR) Total(EUR) 13/06/2023 3 520 €44.86 €44.30 €46.05 €157 912.40 14/06/2023 2 779 €43.85 €43.65 €44.05 €121 871.05 15/06/2023 3 450 €43.76 €43.50 €44.00 €150 982.20 16/06/2023 2 496 €44.03 €43.60 €44.35 €109 902.45 Total 12 245 €540 668.10As a result of the aforementioned transactions  the Company holds 394 641 own shares on the date of 16 June 2023.This information as well as the summary of the buybacks since the start of the Share buyback program can be found on the website http://investors.kinepolis.com.KINEPOLIS GROUP NVPublic limited company in the capacity of a listed companyEeuwfeestlaan 20  1020 BrusselsEnterprise Number BE 0415.928.179 RLP Brussels,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.92,0.06,0.02,True,English,"['Update share buyback program', 'Update share buyback program', 'total maximum amount', 'Public limited company', '1020 Brussels Enterprise Number', 'KINEPOLIS GROUP NV', 'share options', 'Euronext Brussels', '79 RLP Brussels', 'independent intermediary', 'Date Number', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'listed company', 'to 200 000 shares', '394,641 own shares', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', '19 June', '17.45 CET', '12 June', 'launch', '13 June', '16 August', 'period', '16 June', 'result', 'summary', 'buybacks', 'start', 'website', 'investors', 'capacity', 'Eeuwfeestlaan']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26349,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/wheat-rises-in-paris-as-us-drought-may-cut-grain-supply-worldwide-123061900944_1.html,Wheat rises in Paris as US drought may cut grain supply worldwide,Volumes were light as a US holiday deprived Euronext of the usual impetus from Chicago futures.,"Midwest  though rain relief in Europe and competitive prices cited by traders in an Algerian import tender limited gains. Euronext wheat rose on Monday  supported by concerns over dry weather in the US.Volumes were light as a U.S. holiday deprived Euronext of the usual impetus from Chicago futures.September wheat on Paris-based Euronext settled up 0.9% at 241.00 euros ($263.12) per metric ton  but held below Friday's near six-week peak of 243.25 euros. Volumes were light as a U.S. holiday deprived Euronext of the usual impetus from Chicago futures.Euronext was buoyed last week by a weather-fuelled rally in Chicago  as well as hot  dry conditions across northern Europe.Storm showers in France at the weekend and widespread rain forecast this week in Europe have tempered concerns about crop stress in the run-up to summer harvesting. Euronext was buoyed last week by a weather-fuelled rally in Chicago  as well as hot  dry conditions across northern Europe.Also Read Wheat harvest could hit record on higher planting area  favourable weather Wheat output may set new record of over 11.2 mn tonnes in 2022-23: Govt Wheat sowing up 1.40% to 33.7 mn hectare so far in ongoing rabi season New wheat crop trickles in mandis; prices above MSP  say traders Govt further cuts reserve price of FCI wheat to Rs 2 150 per quintal PM Narendra Modi's upcoming US visit: India eyes WTO disputes resolution WTO preparatory meet in Geneva to set stage for 'successful' MC13 UN rights chief Volker Turk seeks to set up presence in China and India Russia sought to kill high-ranking intelligence official in Florida Japanese govt aims to break Apple  Google application store monopoliesHowever  latest weather forecasts showed little rain relief in the rest of June in the heart of the U.S. Midwest  raising expectations of a further rally in Chicago futures when they reopen on Tuesday  dealers said.The European Union's crop monitoring service lowered its monthly forecast of this year's EU soft wheat yield  citing adverse weather  though the estimate remained above last year's level. However  latest weather forecasts showed little rain relief in the rest of June in the heart of the U.S. Midwest  raising expectations of a further rally in Chicago futures when they reopen on Tuesday  dealers said.A purchase tender on Monday by Algeria  a major export outlet for EU wheat  was being assessed for signs of Black Sea competition  with initial purchases suspected to reflect Russian prices.Euronext rapeseed retreated from Friday's two-month peak  though the market pared losses by the close as U.S. weather forecasts maintained concerns about crop stress to soybeans.A purchase tender on Monday by Algeria  a major export outlet for EU wheat  was being assessed for signs of Black Sea competition  with initial purchases suspected to reflect Russian prices.In Germany  persistent dryness in the north  the countryâ€™s main production region for exports  continued to cause concern.August rapeseed ended 0.9% lower at 469.25 euros a metric ton.""A good volume of rain fell in east Germany in past days which has helped to relieve concern there  but northern regions including Schleswig-Holstein  parts of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Lower Saxony hardly received anything â€ one German trader said.",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,negative,0.03,0.11,0.86,True,English,"['US drought', 'grain supply', 'Wheat', 'Paris', ""successful' MC13 UN rights chief Volker Turk"", 'ongoing rabi season New wheat crop', 'quintal PM Narendra Modi', 'Google application store monopolies', 'favourable weather Wheat output', 'EU soft wheat yield', 'U.S. weather forecasts', 'U.S. holiday', 'latest weather forecasts', 'crop monitoring service', 'higher planting area', 'high-ranking intelligence official', 'The European Union', 'major export outlet', 'Black Sea competition', 'main production region', 'one German trader', 'U.S. Midwest', 'hot, dry conditions', 'Algerian import tender', 'Florida Japanese govt', 'upcoming US visit', 'WTO preparatory meet', 'little rain relief', 'dry weather', 'new record', 'EU wheat', 'crop stress', 'Govt Wheat', 'adverse weather', 'September wheat', 'Wheat harvest', 'FCI wheat', 'purchase tender', 'widespread rain', 'Euronext wheat', 'limited gains', 'usual impetus', 'six-week peak', 'Storm showers', 'summer harvesting', 'reserve price', 'monthly forecast', 'initial purchases', 'two-month peak', 'persistent dryness', 'good volume', 'past days', 'northern regions', 'Lower Saxony', 'traders Govt', 'competitive prices', 'Russian prices', 'Chicago futures', 'weather-fuelled rally', 'northern Europe', '11.2 mn tonnes', 'India Russia', 'last year', 'east Germany', 'Paris-based Euronext', '33.7 mn', 'Monday', 'concerns', 'Volumes', '241.00 euros', 'Friday', '243.25 euros', 'France', 'weekend', 'run', 'mandis', 'MSP', 'resolution', 'Geneva', 'stage', 'presence', 'China', 'Apple', 'rest', 'June', 'heart', 'expectations', 'Tuesday', 'dealers', 'estimate', 'level', 'signs', 'market', 'losses', 'soybeans', 'countryâ', 'exports', 'August', '469.25 euros', 'Schleswig-Holstein', 'parts', 'Mecklenburg-Vorpommern']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,business-standard.com
26350,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690491/0/en/McPhy-Energy-Monthly-report-relating-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-outstanding-shares-as-of-May-31-2023.html,McPhy Energy: Monthly report relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares (as of May 31  2023),Translation for information purposes only  Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares In accordance with......,"French EnglishTranslation for information purposes onlyMonthly informationrelating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding sharesIn accordance with articles L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and223-16 of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers General RegulationReporting company :Corporate name: McPhy EnergyPublic Limited company (société anonyme) with Board of DirectorsRegistered office: 79 rue Général Mangin  38100 GrenobleRegistered under number 502 205 917 R.C.S. GrenobleEuronext Paris Compartment B (ISIN code: FR0011742329 - MCPHY)Date Total number of outstanding shares Total number of voting rights* Gross Net 31.05.2023 27 963 095 29 263 192 28 079 858* Total number of voting rights (i) ""gross"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including those deprived of voting rights  (ii) ""net"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached after deduction of those deprived of voting rights (treasury shares and other shares whose voting rights are suspended pursuant to laws)ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTS MCPHYNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress RelationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['McPhy Energy', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', 'report', 'May', 'des Marchés Financiers General Regulation', '79 rue Général Mangin', 'McPhy Energy Public Limited company', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'R.C.S. Grenoble', 'industrial raw material supply', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'broad commercial coverage', 'French Commercial Code', 'innovative hydrogen solutions', 'société anonyme', 'Reporting company', 'energy transition', 'industrial, mobility', 'energy sectors', 'French English', 'turnkey solutions', 'ISIN code', 'hydrogen production', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'hydrogen equipment', 'voting rights', 'Corporate name', 'Registered office', 'Gross Net', 'distribution equipment', 'global deployment', 'complete range', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'production centers', 'international subsidiaries', 'Investor Relations', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'McPhyEnergy Attachment', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', 'treasury shares', 'other shares', 'information purposes', 'CONTACTS MCPHY', 'T.', 'Translation', 'accordance', 'articles', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Date', 'basis', 'deduction', 'laws', 'products', 'customers', 'applications', 'recharging', 'storage', 'recovery', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'integrator', 'engineering', 'Europe', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'NewCap', '1']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26351,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COFINIMMO-5977/news/Cofinimmo-divests-the-Brand-Whitlock-87-93-office-building-44142309/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Cofinimmo : divests the Brand Whitlock 87-93 office building,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Brussels  19.06.2023  05:40 p.m. CET   Cofinimmo divests the Brand Whitlock 87-93 office building   Cofinimmo Offices SA/NV  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cofinimmo   signed a private agreement relating to the …,"PRESS RELEASEBrussels  19.06.2023  05:40 p.m. CETCofinimmo divests the Brand Whitlock 87-93 office buildingCofinimmo Offices SA/NV  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cofinimmo (Euronext Brussels: COFB)  signed a private agreement relating to the divestment of the office building located boulevard Brand Whitlocklaan 87-93 in Woluwe-Saint-Lambert/Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe  in the decentralised area of Brussels. The sale price amounts to approximately 12 million EUR  which is in line with the latest fair value (as at 31.03.2023)  as determined by Cofinimmo Offices' independent real estate valuer. The notary deed should be signed in Q3 2023.The site dates from 1991 and offers approximately 6 200 m² of office space. It is let at 96% to several tenants.The cumulative amount of divestments already carried out since 01.01.2023 and those already signed and expected to be closed by the end of the financial year now amounts to approximately 185 million EUR.Jean-PierreHanin  CEO of Cofinimmo: ""With this transaction  we pursue our ESG strategy and the overall rebalancing of our portfolio and demonstrate our ability to perform asset arbitrages.""For more information: Philippe Etienne Lynn Nachtergaele Yeliz Bicici Head of External Communication Head of Investor Relations Chief Operating Officer Tel.: +32 2 373 60 32 Tel.: +32 2 777 14 08 Offices & Real Estate Development petienne@cofinimmo.be lnachtergaele@cofinimmo.be Tel.: +32 2 373 00 00About Cofinimmo:Cofinimmo has been acquiring  developing and managing rental properties for almost 40 years. The company has a portfolio spread across Belgium  France  the Netherlands  Germany  Spain  Finland  Ireland  Italy and the United Kingdom with a value of approximately6.3 billion EUR. Responding to societal changes  Cofinimmo's mission is to provide high-quality care  living  and working spaces to partner-tenants that directly benefit their occupants. 'Caring  Living and Working - Together in Real Estate' is the expression of this mission. Thanks to its expertise  Cofinimmo has assembled a healthcare real estate portfolio of approximately 4.5 billion EUR in Europe.As an independent company applying the highest standards of corporate governance and sustainability  Cofinimmo offers tenant services and manages its portfolio through a team of approximately 160 employees in Brussels  Paris  Breda  Frankfurt and Madrid.Cofinimmo is listed on Euronext Brussels (BEL20) and benefits from the REIT status in Belgium (RREC)  France (SIIC) and the Netherlands (FBI). Its activities are supervised by the Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA)  the Belgian regulator.www.cofinimmo.comFollow us on:1",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Brand Whitlock 87-93 office building', 'Cofinimmo', 'Philippe Etienne Lynn Nachtergaele Yeliz Bicici Head', 'Brand Whitlock 87-93 office building', 'independent real estate valuer', 'healthcare real estate portfolio', 'External Communication Head', 'boulevard Brand Whitlocklaan', 'Real Estate Development', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'latest fair value', 'Cofinimmo Offices SA/NV', 'office space', 'independent company', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'private agreement', 'decentralised area', 'sale price', 'notary deed', 'several tenants', 'cumulative amount', 'financial year', 'ESG strategy', 'overall rebalancing', 'asset arbitrages', 'Investor Relations', 'rental properties', 'United Kingdom', 'societal changes', 'working spaces', 'highest standards', 'corporate governance', 'tenant services', 'REIT status', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Authority', 'Belgian regulator', 'Euronext Brussels', 'CET', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'COFB', 'divestment', 'Woluwe-Saint-Lambert/Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe', 'line', 'Q3', 'site', '6,200 m²', 'Jean-PierreHanin', 'CEO', 'transaction', 'ability', 'information', '40 years', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'Finland', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'mission', 'living', 'partner-tenants', 'occupants', 'expression', 'expertise', 'billion', 'Europe', 'team', '160 employees', 'Paris', 'Breda', 'Frankfurt', 'Madrid', 'benefits', 'RREC', 'SIIC', 'FBI', 'activities', 'FSMA', '05:40', '01.01.']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26352,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARNOLDO-MONDADORI-EDITORE-76275/news/Arnoldo-Mondadori-Editore-S-p-A-Disclosure-on-the-purchase-of-treasury-shares-in-the-period-12-19-44142695/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S p A : Disclosure on the purchase of treasury shares in the period 12-19 june 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A. announces the purchase on the Euronext Milan regulated market  in the period from 12 to 19 June 2023  of no 321 000 ordinary shares at an average unit price of €2.01665 for a total amount of €647 343.17.…,"Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A. (LEI Code 815600049A1F9AFE6666) announces the purchase on the Euronext Milan regulated market  in the period from 12 to 19 June 2023  of no 321 000 ordinary shares (equal to 0.122% of the share capital) at an average unit price of €2.01665 for a total amount of €647 343.17.These transactions were made under the authorization to purchase treasury shares approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of 27 April 2023  and as part of the purchase programme to service the Performance Share Plans underway (""Programme"")  the start of which was approved by the Board of Directors on 10 May 2023 (as per the disclosure made on the same date also pursuant to Article 144 bis of CONSOB Regulation 11971/99  and to Article 5 of EU Regulation 596/2014).The following table details the purchases made per day in the above period of Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A. ordinary shares  ISIN Code IT0001469383:Date Quantity Average price (euro) Amount (euro) 12/06/2023 50 000 1.97624 98 812.00 13/06/2023 65 000 2.00151 130 098.15 14/06/2023 60 000 2.03285 121 971.00 15/06/2023 60 000 2.03077 121 846.20 16/06/2023 60 000 2.02957 121 774.20 19/06/2023 26 000 2.03237 52 841.62The purchases were made through the authorized intermediary Intesa San Paolo S.p.A. (LEI Code 2W8N8UU78PMDQKZENC08)  independently and with no influence from the Issuer as regards the timing of the purchases.Following the purchases made so far  Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A. holds no 1 277 802 treasury shares  equal to 0.489% of the share capital  of which 591 000 purchased in execution of the Program  which was completed on 19 June 2023 after reaching its maximum reference amount.Purchases in detail in the complete pdf.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S', 'treasury shares', 'Disclosure', 'purchase', 'period', 'Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A.', 'Intesa San Paolo S.p.A.', 'Euronext Milan regulated market', 'Date Quantity Average price', 'average unit price', 'Performance Share Plans', 'maximum reference amount', 'same date', 'share capital', 'LEI Code', '321,000 ordinary shares', 'total amount', 'treasury shares', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'CONSOB Regulation', 'EU Regulation', 'following table', 'ISIN Code', 'authorized intermediary', 'complete pdf', 'above period', 'purchase programme', '19 June', 'transactions', 'authorization', '27 April', 'part', 'start', 'Board', 'Directors', '10 May', 'disclosure', 'Article', 'purchases', 'day', 'influence', 'Issuer', 'timing', 'execution', 'detail', '12']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26353,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TERNA-S-P-A-135034/news/Terna-announces-launch-of-new-EUR7-million-buyback-program-44142679/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Terna announces launch of new EUR7 million buyback program,(marketscreener.com) Terna Spa announced Monday that a share buyback program will be launched on June 22  2023  for a maximum outlay of EUR7 million and a total number of ordinary shares not exceeding 1.4 million  representing about 0.07 percent of Terna's sh…,(Alliance News) - Terna Spa announced Monday that a share buyback program will be launched on June 22  2023  for a maximum outlay of EUR7 million and a total number of ordinary shares not exceeding 1.4 million  representing about 0.07 percent of Terna's share capital. The purchases of treasury shares under the program will be made from June 22  2023 to no later than July 22  2023.For the purpose of executing the program  Terna today granted a special mandate to BNP Paribas Exane  an authorized intermediary who will make decisions on the purchases to be made on the Euronext Milan market  organized and managed by Borsa Italiana.As of today's date  the company holds a total of 3.3 million treasury shares  representing approximately 0.2 percent of the share capital. The subsidiaries do not hold any Terna shares.Terna on Monday closed 0.7 percent in the red at EUR7.79 per share.By Chiara Bruschi  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['new EUR7 million buyback program', 'Terna', 'launch', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News reporter', 'BNP Paribas Exane', 'Euronext Milan market', '3.3 million treasury shares', 'share buyback program', 'ordinary shares', 'maximum outlay', 'share capital', 'special mandate', 'authorized intermediary', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Chiara Bruschi', 'Terna shares', 'total number', 'Terna Spa', 'June', '0.07 percent', 'purchases', 'July', 'purpose', 'decisions', 'today', 'company', '0.2 percent', 'subsidiaries', 'Monday', '0.7 percent', 'red', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26354,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-informs-EDP-issues-750-million-5-year-green-bonds-44142905/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. informs: EDP issues 750 million 5-year green bonds,(marketscreener.com)     Investors &   Analysts'   Briefing   Reuters: EDP.LS   Bloomberg: EDP PL     EDP issues €750 million 5-year green bonds ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias…,"EDP issues €750 million 5-year green bondsLisbon  June 19th  2023: EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. (""EDP"") priced an issuance of green debt instruments in the amount of €750 million  maturing in June 2028 and with a coupon of 3.875% (the ""Notes"").In 2022  EDP pre-hedged the 5-year Mid Swap  for amounts to be refinanced in 2023  at an interest cost of 1.8%. Considering the mentioned pre-hedge  the Notes' implicit yield is c.2.5%.The Notes will be issued under EDP and EDP Finance B.V.'s Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments (MTN) and application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin. This issuance will be used for the financing or refinancing  in whole or in part  of EDP's Group Eligible Green Project Portfolio  which consists of renewable projects as set out in EDP's Green Finance Framework  available on EDP's website.BBVA  BofA Securities  Crédit Agricole CIB  Deutsche Bank  DBS Bank Ltd  Mediobanca  Millennium BCP  NatWest Markets  Santander and Société Générale acted as Joint Bookrunners on the transaction.This information is disclosed to the terms and for the purposes of article 17 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['750 million 5-year green bonds', 'S.A.', 'EDP', 'Energias', 'Portugal', 'Société Générale', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'Eligible Green Project Portfolio', '€750 million 5-year green bonds', 'EDP Finance B.V.', 'Green Finance Framework', '5-year Mid Swap', 'green debt instruments', 'DBS Bank Ltd', ""Notes' implicit yield"", 'Deutsche Bank', 'S.A.', 'interest cost', 'Euronext Dublin', 'renewable projects', 'BofA Securities', 'Millennium BCP', 'NatWest Markets', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'EU) No', 'European Parliament', 'Lisbon', 'June', 'Energias', 'Portugal', 'issuance', 'amount', 'coupon', 'hedge', 'Programme', 'MTN', 'application', 'financing', 'part', 'Group', 'website', 'BBVA', 'Mediobanca', 'Santander', 'transaction', 'information', 'terms', 'purposes', 'article', 'Regulation', 'Council', '3.']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26355,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690170/0/en/WENDEL-Success-of-the-offer-to-repurchase-bonds-for-a-total-amount-of-90-8-million.html,WENDEL: Success of the offer to repurchase bonds  for a total amount of €90.8 million,PRESS RELEASE - JUNE 19  2023    Success of the offer to repurchase bonds for a total amount of €90.8 million    Wendel has successfully repurchased...,English FrenchPRESS RELEASE - JUNE 19  2023Success of the offer to repurchase bonds for a total amount of €90.8 millionWendel has successfully repurchased its 2026 bond issue under its tender offer for a nominal amount of €90.8 million  i.e. a total amount of €84.3 million (excluding accrued interest) with a spread of 50bps on the mid-swap rate. The remaining outstanding nominal amount will be €209.2 million after the settlement date. The bonds tendered in this transaction will be cancelled.The 2026 bond is traded on Euronext Paris.Wendel successfully placed a €300 million bond issue maturing in June 2030 with a coupon of 4.5% last week.The repurchase of the bonds is conditional upon the effective settlement of this new issue.DisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer  or an invitation to apply for  or an offer or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities either in the United States or in any other jurisdiction which may be subject to restrictions. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United States of America unless they are registered or exempt from registration under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). A prospectus will be prepared and made available to the public  in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation  for the purpose of admitting the bonds to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris.This press release does not constitute an offer of securities in France or in any other country. The bonds are the subject of a private placement in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and in accordance with Article L.411-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code  and outside France. As of the date of this press release  no prospectus related to the placement of the bonds has been approved by a competent authority of any European Economic Area Member State. Wendel will undertake no action as part of this placement with a view to making an offer to the public (other than to qualified investors) in France or abroad.In the United Kingdom  this press release may be sent to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 only under circumstances wherein section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply.The dissemination of this press release in any country where such dissemination could constitute a violation of applicable legislation is prohibited.AgendaJuly 27th  2023H1 2023 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (after-market release).October 26th  2023Q3 2023 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (after-market release).December 7th  20232023 Investor Day.About WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as Bureau Veritas  ACAMS  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of ‘Grand Mécène de la Culture’ in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroupPress contacts Analyst and investor contacts Christine Anglade Pirzadeh: + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73 c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.com Caroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch: +33 1 42 85 63 72 c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.com Primatice Olivier Labesse: +33 6 79 11 49 71 olivierlabesse@primatice.com Hugues Schmitt: +33 6 71 99 74 58 huguesschmitt@primatice.com Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty: +1 212 521 4854 todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment,positive,0.71,0.27,0.02,mixed,0.5,0.02,0.49,True,English,"['total amount', 'WENDEL', 'Success', 'offer', 'bonds', 'European Economic Area Member State', 'Grand Mécène', 'leading listed investment firms', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty', 'remaining outstanding nominal amount', 'UK domestic law', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'Christine Anglade Pirzadeh', 'leading market positions', 'long-term development strategies', 'innovative, high-growth companies', '€300 million bond issue', 'US Securities Act', 'European Union', 'Financial Code', 'Financial Services', 'total amount', 'Markets Act', 'long-term patronage', '2026 bond issue', 'new issue', 'regulated market', 'market release', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'mid-swap rate', 'Euronext Paris', 'effective settlement', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'competent authority', 'United Kingdom', 'applicable legislation', 'H1 2023 results', '2023 Investor Day', 'The Group', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'significant shareholder', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'Press contacts', 'investor contacts', 'Olivier Allot', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Lucile Roch', 'Olivier Labesse', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'portfolio companies', 'qualified investors', 'settlement date', 'other country', 'North America', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'private placement', 'Article L.', 'tender offer', 'Wendel Lab', 'Wendel Growth', 'JUNE', 'Success', 'bonds', 'accrued', 'interest', 'spread', '50bps', 'transaction', 'coupon', 'repurchase', 'Disclaimer', 'invitation', 'restrictions', 'registration', 'advertisement', 'meaning', 'public', 'compliance', 'purpose', 'France', 'subject', 'accordance', 'Monetary', 'part', 'view', 'virtue', 'circumstances', 'section', 'dissemination', 'violation', 'Agenda', 'July', 'NAV', 'October', 'September', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'information', 'Twitter', 'WendelGroup', 'Analyst', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26356,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/WENDEL-Success-of-the-offer-to-repurchase-bonds-for-a-total-amount-of-90-8-million-44139699/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,WENDEL: Success of the offer to repurchase bonds  for a total amount of 90.8 million,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE - JUNE 19  2023 Success of the offer to repurchase bonds for a total amount of €90.8 million Wendel has successfully repurchased its 2026 bond issue under its tender offer for a nominal amount of €90.8 million  i.e. a total …,PRESS RELEASE - JUNE 19  2023Success of the offer to repurchase bonds for a total amount of €90.8 millionWendel has successfully repurchased its 2026 bond issue under its tender offer for a nominal amount of €90.8 million  i.e. a total amount of €84.3 million (excluding accrued interest) with a spread of 50bps on the mid-swap rate. The remaining outstanding nominal amount will be €209.2 million after the settlement date. The bonds tendered in this transaction will be cancelled.The 2026 bond is traded on Euronext Paris.Wendel successfully placed a €300 million bond issue maturing in June 2030 with a coupon of 4.5% last week.The repurchase of the bonds is conditional upon the effective settlement of this new issue.DisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer  or an invitation to apply for  or an offer or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities either in the United States or in any other jurisdiction which may be subject to restrictions. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United States of America unless they are registered or exempt from registration under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). A prospectus will be prepared and made available to the public  in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation  for the purpose of admitting the bonds to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris.This press release does not constitute an offer of securities in France or in any other country. The bonds are the subject of a private placement in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and in accordance with Article L.411-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code  and outside France. As of the date of this press release  no prospectus related to the placement of the bonds has been approved by a competent authority of any European Economic Area Member State. Wendel will undertake no action as part of this placement with a view to making an offer to the public (other than to qualified investors) in France or abroad.In the United Kingdom  this press release may be sent to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 only under circumstances wherein section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply.The dissemination of this press release in any country where such dissemination could constitute a violation of applicable legislation is prohibited.AgendaJuly 27th  2023H1 2023 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (after-market release).October 26th  2023Q3 2023 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (after-market release).December 7th  20232023 Investor Day.About WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as Bureau Veritas  ACAMS  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of ‘Grand Mécène de la Culture’ in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroupPress contacts Analyst and investor contacts Christine Anglade Pirzadeh: + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73 c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.com Caroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch: +33 1 42 85 63 72 c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.com Primatice Olivier Labesse: +33 6 79 11 49 71 olivierlabesse@primatice.com Hugues Schmitt: +33 6 71 99 74 58 huguesschmitt@primatice.com Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty: +1 212 521 4854 todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment,positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.15,0.5,True,English,"['total amount', 'WENDEL', 'Success', 'offer', 'bonds', 'European Economic Area Member State', 'Grand Mécène', 'leading listed investment firms', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty', 'remaining outstanding nominal amount', 'UK domestic law', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'Christine Anglade Pirzadeh', 'leading market positions', 'long-term development strategies', 'innovative, high-growth companies', '€300 million bond issue', 'US Securities Act', 'European Union', 'Financial Code', 'Financial Services', 'total amount', 'Markets Act', 'long-term patronage', '2026 bond issue', 'new issue', 'regulated market', 'market release', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'mid-swap rate', 'Euronext Paris', 'effective settlement', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'competent authority', 'United Kingdom', 'applicable legislation', 'H1 2023 results', '2023 Investor Day', 'The Group', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'significant shareholder', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'Press contacts', 'investor contacts', 'Olivier Allot', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Lucile Roch', 'Olivier Labesse', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'portfolio companies', 'qualified investors', 'settlement date', 'other country', 'North America', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'private placement', 'Article L.', 'tender offer', 'Wendel Lab', 'Wendel Growth', 'JUNE', 'Success', 'bonds', 'accrued', 'interest', 'spread', '50bps', 'transaction', 'coupon', 'repurchase', 'Disclaimer', 'invitation', 'restrictions', 'registration', 'advertisement', 'meaning', 'public', 'compliance', 'purpose', 'France', 'subject', 'accordance', 'Monetary', 'part', 'view', 'virtue', 'circumstances', 'section', 'dissemination', 'violation', 'Agenda', 'July', 'NAV', 'October', 'September', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'information', 'Twitter', 'WendelGroup', 'Analyst', 'Attachment', '42']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26357,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-issues-750-million-5-year-green-bonds-44142916/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,EDP Energias de Portugal S A : issues 750 million 5-year green bonds,(marketscreener.com)   EDP issues €750 million 5-year green bonds   Monday19  June 2023     EDP issues €750 million 5-year green bonds    Lisbon  June 19th  2023: EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. priced an issuance of green debt instruments in t…,"Lisbon  June 19th  2023: EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. (""EDP"") priced an issuance of green debt instruments in the amount of €750 million  maturing in June 2028 and with a coupon of 3.875% (the ""Notes"").In 2022  EDP pre-hedged the 5-year Mid Swap  for amounts to be refinanced in 2023  at an interest cost of 1.8%. Considering the mentioned pre-hedge  the Notes' implicit yield is c.2.5%.The Notes will be issued under EDP and EDP Finance B.V.'s Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments (MTN) and application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin. This issuance will be used for the financing or refinancing  in whole or in part  of EDP's Group Eligible Green Project Portfolio  which consists of renewable projects as set out in EDP's Green Finance Framework  available on EDP's website.BBVA  BofA Securities  Crédit Agricole CIB  Deutsche Bank  DBS Bank Ltd  Mediobanca  Millennium BCP  NatWest Markets  Santander and Société Générale acted as Joint Bookrunners on the transaction.This information is disclosed to the terms and for the purposes of article 17 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council.EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['750 million 5-year green bonds', 'EDP Energias', 'Portugal', 'Société Générale', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'Eligible Green Project Portfolio', 'EDP Finance B.V.', 'Green Finance Framework', '5-year Mid Swap', 'DBS Bank Ltd', 'green debt instruments', ""Notes' implicit yield"", 'Deutsche Bank', 'S.A.', 'interest cost', 'Euronext Dublin', 'renewable projects', 'BofA Securities', 'Millennium BCP', 'NatWest Markets', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'EU) No', 'European Parliament', 'Lisbon', 'June', 'Energias', 'Portugal', 'issuance', 'amount', 'coupon', 'hedge', 'Programme', 'MTN', 'application', 'financing', 'part', 'Group', 'website', 'BBVA', 'Mediobanca', 'Santander', 'transaction', 'information', 'terms', 'purposes', 'article', 'Regulation', 'Council', '3.', '1.']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26358,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PARAGON-ID-42735454/news/Paragon-Id-Proposed-simplified-public-offer-for-the-shares-of-Paragon-ID-by-Grenadier-Holdings-44142467/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Paragon Id :  Proposed simplified public offer for the shares of Paragon ID by Grenadier Holdings Ltd.  majority shareholder in the Company,(marketscreener.com)  Friendly takeover bid by Grenadier Holdings Plc.  majority shareholder in Paragon ID with 80.25% of the capital and 86.93% of the voting rightsBoard of Directors of Paragon ID in favour of the Offer  in principlePrice: €38.01 p…,"Friendly takeover bid by Grenadier Holdings Plc.  majority shareholder in Paragon ID with 80.25% of the capital and 86.93% of the voting rightsBoard of Directors of Paragon ID in favour of the Offer  in principlePrice: €38.01 per shareGrenadier Holdings Ltd. to implement squeeze-out procedure for Paragon ID shares in order to acquire 100% of the equity  subject to fulfilment of legal and regulatory conditionsGrenadier Holdings Plc  majority shareholder of Paragon ID (“the Company”) (Euronext Paris - FR0013318813 - PID)  with 80.25% of the share capital and 86.93% of the theoretical voting rights  which has been supporting the company since it acquired a stake in May 2017[1]  announces its intention to file a simplified cash offer (""the Offer"") for the shares it does not currently own  at a price of €38.01 per share.The Offer would be made in the context of a continuation of Paragon ID's existing strategy and of its commitments to its customers and partners and would simplify governance  facilitate the alignment of the Company's operations with Grenadier Holdings Ltd.'s own norms and standards  while strengthening Group support for Paragon ID.The Offer price corresponds to the net asset value per share as shown in the Company's financial statements as at 30 June 2022 and represents a premium of +25.1% over the weighted average share price of the last 60 days. This price represents a premium of +35.8% over the closing price of the session preceding the announcement of the Offer (as of 16 June 2023).The Offer would not be subject to any financing conditions  as Grenadier Holdings Ltd. has the necessary funds to finance the entire Offer in cash.Paragon ID's Board of Directors has noted the friendly nature of this Offer. The Board of Directors has unanimously welcomed  in principle  this proposed 0ffer  without prejudice to the Board ofDirectors' formal  reasoned opinion on the Offer  which will be issued after having taken the report of the independent expert into due consideration.During its meeting on 19 May 2023  the Board of Directors of Paragon ID set up an ad hoc committee composed of Lis Iceton (Chairwoman of ad hoc committee and Senior Independent Board Member)  Alyna Wnukowsky (Independent Board Member) and Dominique Durant des Aulnois (Board Member). This ad hoc committee will be responsible  among other things  for monitoring the mission of the independent expert (appointed as indicated below)  issuing a recommendation to the Board of Directors and preparing a draft reasoned opinion concerning the interest of the Offer for the Company  its shareholders and its employees.On the proposal of the ad hoc committee  the Board of Directors has appointed Finexsi  represented by Mr. Olivier Peronnet[2]  as independent expert to draw up a report on the financial terms of the Offer  in accordance with the provisions of article 261-1 I 1° and II of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (French market regulator - AMF).The Board of Directors will meet again to issue a formal  reasoned opinion on the Offer  after taking into account the independent expert's report and the opinion of the social and economic committee. The reasoned opinion of the Board of Directors and the report of the independent expert will be made public in the Company's draft response document to be filed with the AMF.Other elements and envisaged timetable of the OfferThe completion of the Offer is not subject to any other regulatory approval than that of the “AMF”.It should be noted that Grenadier Holdings Ltd. also intends to implement a squeeze-out procedure in order to acquire all Paragon ID shares it does not hold  should it hold at least 90% of the Company's share capital and voting rights after the Offer. The squeeze-out would be carried out in return for compensation equal to the Offer price  i.e. €38.01 per share in cash.The Offer is expected to be filed with the AMF during July 2023.At the Company's request  trading in the Company's shares was suspended today and will resume on June 20  2023. The liquidity contract with Portzamparc has been suspended until further notice.About Paragon IDAbout Paragon ID Paragon ID is a leader in identification solutions  in particular in the e-ID  Transport & Smart Cities  Traceability & Brand Protection and Payment sectors. Paragon ID employs more than 650 staff  with manufacturing sites in US and Europe  close to its customers.Paragon ID is listed on Euronext Paris (Euronext Paris - FR0013318813 - PID) with a majority of its shares being held by Grenadier Holdings Ltd.  parent company of the Paragon Group  a leading provider of Customer Communications  Identification  Graphics Services and Office Services. Paragon Group has a turnover of €1.5 billion and more than 9 000 employees. Paragon Group combines generations of experience with the latest innovations in technology and smart data to enable responsive and meaningful interactions between organisations and their customers. For further information about Paragon Group  visit Paragon-Europe.com.Euronext Paris - Share identification: Paragon ID - ISIN Code: FR0013318813 - Mnemonic code: PID.For further information about Paragon ID  visit Paragon-id.com.ContactsParagon IDClem GarveyCEOTél. : +33 (0)2 48 81 61 00clem.garvey@paragon-id.com ACTUS finance & communicationInvestors relationsMathieu OmnesTél. : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr ACTUS finance & communicationPress relationsFatou-Kiné N'DiayeTél. : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.fr[1] Equity investment following the merger between ASK and the activities of the Identification Division of Paragon Group (subsidiary of Grenadier Holdings Plc.)  giving rise to Paragon ID in its current form.[2] Contact Cabinet Finexsi : Monsieur Olivier Peronnet  14 rue de Bassano  75116 Paris – Tél. : 01.43.18.42.42 – e-mail : olivier.peronnet@finexsi.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yZluZchrkmaYmJ+caJtnZ2dpZmhlx2LGambLxpecaJmcnW6UmGZlacfLZnFhmW5o- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80492-paragon-id_pr_projet-offre_19062023_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.29,0.24,True,English,"['Grenadier Holdings Ltd', 'Paragon Id', 'public offer', 'majority shareholder', 'shares', 'Company', 'Dominique Durant des Aulnois', 'des marchés financiers', 'Senior Independent Board Member', 'Grenadier Holdings Plc.', 'Grenadier Holdings Ltd.', 'net asset value', 'Mr. Olivier Peronnet', 'French market regulator', 'draft response document', 'ad hoc committee', 'Friendly takeover bid', 'theoretical voting rights', 'other regulatory approval', 'draft reasoned opinion', 'formal, reasoned opinion', 'voting rights Board', 'average share price', 'Paragon ID shares', 'simplified cash offer', 'economic committee', 'regulatory conditions', 'friendly nature', 'independent expert', 'other things', 'Other elements', 'Paragon Group', 'existing strategy', 'Group support', 'financial statements', 'last 60 days', 'financing conditions', 'necessary funds', 'due consideration', 'Lis Iceton', 'Alyna Wnukowsky', 'financial terms', 'General Regulations', 'liquidity contract', 'Smart Cities', 'Brand Protection', 'Payment sectors', 'manufacturing sites', 'leading provider', 'Customer Communications', 'Graphics Services', 'Office Services', 'latest innovations', 'smart data', 'meaningful interactions', 'closing price', 'Euronext Paris', 'majority shareholder', 'identification solutions', 'principle Price', 'entire Offer', 'share capital', 'Offer price', 'parent company', 'Directors', 'favour', 'squeeze', 'procedure', 'order', 'equity', 'fulfilment', 'legal', 'PID', 'stake', 'May', 'intention', 'context', 'continuation', 'commitments', 'customers', 'partners', 'governance', 'alignment', 'operations', 'standards', '30 June', 'premium', 'session', 'announcement', '16 June', '0ffer', 'prejudice', 'report', 'meeting', 'Chairwoman', 'mission', 'recommendation', 'interest', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'proposal', 'Finexsi', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'article', 'AMF', 'account', 'social', 'timetable', 'completion', 'return', 'compensation', 'July', 'request', 'Portzamparc', 'notice', 'leader', 'e-ID', 'Transport', 'Traceability', '650 staff', 'Europe', 'turnover', 'generations', 'experience', 'technology', 'responsive', 'organisations', 'information']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26359,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-44138804/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Waga Energy: 2022 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyWaga Energy: 2022 Universal Registration Document 19-Jun-2023 / 08:30 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.…,Waga EnergyWaga Energy: 2022 Universal Registration Document19-Jun-2023 / 08:30 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.2022 Universal Registration DocumentWaga Energy has published its 2022 Universal Registration Document (French version only)  approved by the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers – AMF) on June 16  2023 under the number R. 23-029.This Universal Registration Document is available on Waga Energy’s website in « Investors » section  and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). It is made available to the public under the conditions provided for by the regulations in force.It notably includes the 2022 annual financial report and the Board of Directors’ report on corporate governance.About Waga Energy: Waga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas grids to supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it generated or by offering upgrading service. At the date of this press release  Waga Energy operates sixteen WAGABOX® units in France and Canada  representing an installed capacity of 570 GWh/year. Thirteen units are under construction in France  Spain  Canada and the US. Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy has been listed since October 27  2021  on Euronext Paris. www.waga-energy.com | Follow us on LinkedInCONTACTLaurent Barbotin+33 772 771 185laurent.barbotin@waga-energy.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Waga Energy', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'French Regulatory News', '2022 annual financial report', 'patented purification technology', 'sixteen WAGABOX® units', 'Renewable Natural Gas', 'French version', 'Directors’ report', 'Thirteen units', 'landfill gas', 'gas grids', 'raw gas', 'EQS Group', 'Investors » section', 'corporate governance', 'long-term contracts', 'landfill operators', 'press release', 'installed capacity', 'global warming', 'energy transition', 'Euronext Paris', 'Waga Energy', 'Laurent Barbotin', 'AMF website', '08:30 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'June', 'number', 'france', 'org', 'public', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'Board', 'EPA', 'biomethane', 'RNG', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'substitute', 'supply', 'income', 'service', 'date', 'Canada', '570 GWh', 'construction', 'Spain', 'project', 'fight', 'October', 'waga-energy', 'LinkedIn', 'CONTACT']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26360,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690474/0/en/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 19 June 2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – 19 June 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 12 June to 16 June 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-06-12 BUY 99 9.150000 905.85 XAMS 2023-06-13 SELL 10 9.200000 92.00 XAMS 2023-06-15 SELL 4 9.150000 36.60 XAMS 2023-06-16 SELL 246 9.150000 2 250.90 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaH1 2023 results: 2 August 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'H1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '19 June', 'shares', '12 June', '16 June', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '2 August', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26361,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/index/MILAAN-FTSE-MIB-7667/news/Mib-falls-to-27-700-purchases-on-UniCredit-44142371/,Mib falls to 27 700; purchases on UniCredit,(marketscreener.com) The Mib index ended Monday's session down in the 27 700 area  in line with its European peers  as trading rooms continue to assess the economic and major central banks' path after the Federal Reserve's pause and the European Central Bank'…,"(Alliance News) - The Mib index ended Monday's session down in the 27 700 area  in line with its European peers  as trading rooms continue to assess the economic and major central banks' path after the Federal Reserve's pause and the European Central Bank's hike last week  ahead of the Bank of England's for this Thursday.Two senior European Central Bank officials said Monday that more interest rate hikes will be needed to contain stubbornly high inflation in the Eurozone.""We have to continue to depend on data and not to do too much rather than too little "" ECB Executive Board member Isabel Schnabel said in a speech in Luxembourg. ""We must therefore continue to raise interest rates until we see convincing evidence"" of inflation returning to the ECB's 2 percent target  she added.ECB chief economist Philip Lane added that ""it seems that another hike in July is appropriate."" Lane added that the ECB's next moves will depend on incoming data and that it is too early to speculate on what policymakers might decide at the September meeting.The FTSE Mib thus closed down 0.4 percent at 27 754.18.The Mid-Cap gave up 1.3 percent to 43 234.85  the Small-Cap closed in the red 0.7 percent to 27 410.64  and Italy Growth instead picked up 0.1 percent to 9 132.80.In Europe  London's FTSE 100 closed down 0.7 percent  Paris's CAC 40 down 1.1 percent  and Frankfurt's DAX 40 marked a 1.0 percent red.On the highest-capitalization basket in Piazza Affari  Leonardo rallied 0.8 percent. The company announced Monday that the NATO Support and Procurement Agency - NSPA - has awarded Leonardo a contract to supply a new RAT 31 DL/M long-range air defense radar.UniCredit gained 2.3 percent after letting it know Thursday that it intends to support Nusco  a company active in the production and marketing of interior doors and window frames made of wood  PVC  aluminum and iron under the ""Nusco"" brand  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market with two loans totaling EUR2.5 million  guaranteed by SACE.The board of directors of A2A - down 1.1 percent - passed a framework resolution authorizing the issuance  by April 30  2026  of one or more unsubordinated  unsecured and non-convertible bonds up to a total maximum of EUR1.65 billion from its EMTN program - established in 2012 - whose total maximum amount will be increased to EUR7 billion from EUR6 billion.ERG  on the other hand  gave up 1.2 percent after it reported on Friday that it had been upgraded by MSCI Inc. a leading ESG corporate performance research company to a ""AAA"" rating  an improvement from its ""AA"" rating in 2022  putting it in the ""Leader"" category.Recordati  on the other hand  gave up 1.9 percent to EUR44.40 after a 0.7 percent gain on Friday. The company reported Monday that the NATO Support and Procurement Agency - NSPA - awarded Leonardo a contract to supply a new RAT 31 DL/M long-range air defense radar.On the Mid-Cap  Rai Way brought home 2.0 percent  following a 0.5 percent decline on Friday evening.Juventus Football Club--up 1.7%--reported that Tottenham Hotspur FC has exercised its option right to permanently take over Dejan Kulusevki. The Bianconeri will receive EUR30 million  payable over six financial years  for a capital gain to Juventus' coffers of EUR12.8 million.doValue  on the other hand  gave up 4.0% to EUR4.48  reversing to the downside after five straight sessions among the bullish.Brunello Cucinelli left 2.7% on the parterre after a 2.2% gain on Friday night.Maire gave up 1.6 percent after announcing Thursday its participation in Euronext Tech Leaders  the new initiative dedicated to leading  high-growth Tech companies developed by Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure that manages the regulated stock exchanges of Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  Norway  the Netherlands and Portugal.On the Small-Cap  It Way rallied more than 12 percent on the back of the green in the last session that closed with a plus 2.6 percent.Good purchases were also made on Zucchi  which took home 0.9 percent after Friday night's 0.9 percent gain.Somec  on the other hand  rose 1.3%. On Friday  it reported that its U.S. subsidiary Fabbrica was awarded a new contract for a 34-story building in New York City. The contract is valued at more than USD23 million and consists of the design  manufacture  and installation of more than 12 000 square meters of custom curtain walling intended for a new building to be constructed on Ninth Avenue  an artery on Manhattan's West Side  a few blocks from Madison Square Garden and the Empire State Building.At the back of the pack  Pierrel gave up 9.1 percent  on the heels of Friday's 3.0 percent red.Among PMIs  Bellini Nautica gave up 6.1 percent  the subject of profit taking after four bullish sessions.Deodato Gallery  on the other hand  gave up 4.4%  on the heels of two previous bearish sessions.Relatech - flat at EUR2.45 - announced Friday that it had entered into binding agreements aimed at acquiring the remaining 40 percent of Sigla Group's share capital  for a total of EUR715 000.The board of GO internet - down 0.9 percent - on Friday approved the new business plan 2023-2027 drafted in line and continuity with the previous Plan approved on June 8  2020. The plan forecast revenues between EUR15.5 million and EUR16.5 million  Ebitda between EUR2.5 million and EUR3.0 million  an Ebitda margin between 17 percent and 18 percent  and a negative Net Financial Position between EUR2.8 million and EUR2.0 million.In New York at the height of trading  the Dow gives up 0.3 percent  the Nasdaq is down 0.7 percent  while and the S&P 500 is in the red by 0.4 percent.Among currencies  the euro changes hands at USD1.0924 against USD1.0923 on Friday in closing European equities. In contrast  the pound is worth USD1.2799 from USD1.2808 on Friday evening.Among commodities  Brent crude is worth USD76.41 per barrel versus USD75.78 per barrel at Friday's close. Gold  on the other hand  trades at USD1 955.70 an ounce from USD1 957.42 an ounce Friday night.On Tuesday's macroeconomic calendar  the interest rate from the PBoC is due at 0315 CEST while from the Eurozone will come trade balance at 0800 CEST  current account balance at 1000 CEST and construction output at 1100 CEST.From the U.S.  at 1430 CEST  will come building permits  while at 1745 CEST a speech by Williams of the FOMC is scheduled.In the U.S.  Avio's results are expected.By Maurizio Carta  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.14,0.73,True,English,"['Mib', 'purchases', 'UniCredit', 'new RAT 31 DL/M long-range air defense radar', 'leading ESG corporate performance research company', 'ECB Executive Board member Isabel Schnabel', 'Two senior European Central Bank officials', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'leading, high-growth Tech companies', 'U.S. subsidiary Fabbrica', 'two previous bearish sessions', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', ""central banks' path"", 'New York City', 'five straight sessions', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Tottenham Hotspur FC', 'six financial years', 'regulated stock exchanges', 'custom curtain walling', 'ECB chief economist', 'The Mib index', 'interest rate hikes', 'Juventus Football Club', 'Madison Square Garden', 'Empire State Building', 'four bullish sessions', 'The FTSE Mib', 'new building', 'two loans', 'new initiative', 'European peers', 'new contract', 'interest rates', 'Italy Growth', 'The Bianconeri', ""Juventus' coffers"", '12,000 square meters', '34-story building', 'Alliance News', 'trading rooms', 'Federal Reserve', 'convincing evidence', 'next moves', 'September meeting', 'The Mid-Cap', 'highest-capitalization basket', 'Piazza Affari', 'NATO Support', 'Procurement Agency', 'interior doors', 'window frames', 'framework resolution', 'non-convertible bonds', 'EMTN program', 'maximum amount', 'other hand', 'MSCI Inc.', 'AAA"" rating', 'Leader"" category', 'Rai Way', 'option right', 'Dejan Kulusevki', 'Brunello Cucinelli', 'Good purchases', 'Ninth Avenue', 'West Side', 'Bellini Nautica', 'Deodato Gallery', 'binding agreements', 'Sigla Group', 'share capital', 'capital gain', 'high inflation', 'Philip Lane', 'incoming data', 'Nusco"" brand', 'last session', 'Friday evening', 'Friday night', '2 percent target', 'red 0.7 percent', 'total maximum', '0.5 percent decline', 'remaining 40 percent', '0.7 percent gain', '0.9 percent gain', '2.2% gain', '1.3 percent', '1.0 percent', '2.3 percent', '1.2 percent', '1.9 percent', '2.0 percent', '12 percent', '2.6 percent', '9.1 percent', '3.0 percent', '6.1 percent', '27,700 area', 'economic', 'major', 'pause', 'England', 'Thursday', 'Eurozone', 'speech', 'Luxembourg', 'July', 'policymakers', 'Small-Cap', 'London', 'Paris', 'CAC', 'Frankfurt', 'DAX', 'Leonardo', 'NSPA', 'UniCredit', 'production', 'marketing', 'wood', 'PVC', 'aluminum', 'iron', 'SACE', 'directors', 'A2A', 'issuance', 'April', 'unsecured', 'ERG', 'improvement', 'Recordati', 'doValue', 'downside', 'parterre', 'Maire', 'participation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'back', 'green', 'Zucchi', 'home', 'Somec', 'design', 'manufacture', 'installation', 'artery', 'Manhattan', 'pack', 'Pierrel', 'heels', 'PMIs', 'subject', 'profit', 'Relatech']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26362,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIRELLI-C-S-P-A-37980122/news/Weakness-prevails-in-Europe-Pirelli-falls-44140351/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Weakness prevails in Europe; Pirelli falls,(marketscreener.com) European stock exchanges continue to lose ground in mid-session Monday  with Piazza Affari giving up less than other continental realities but still showing weakness on the day when several listed companies drop their coupons. The FTSE Mi…,"(Alliance News) - European stock exchanges continue to lose ground in mid-session Monday  with Piazza Affari giving up less than other continental realities but still showing weakness on the day when several listed companies drop their coupons.The FTSE Mib is down 0.1 percent to 27 827.88  the Mid-Cap gives up 0.7 percent to 43 483.74  the Small-Cap loses 0.1 percent to 27 582.92  and Italy Growth flexes 0.2 percent to 9 106.46.In Europe  London's FTSE 100 is down 0.3 percent to 7 621.10  Paris' CAC 40 is down 0.5 percent to 7 353.07  and Frankfurt's DAX 40 is in the red 0.5 percent to 16 276.35.On the highest-capitalization basket in Piazza Affari  all banks do well at the start  with Monte dei Paschi doing best of all and rising 2.0 percent.Pirelli & C. gives up 1.0% at mid-session after reporting that the Italian Council of Ministers exercised Golden Power in relation to the rumored Chinese takeover in the tire group.The Council of Ministers  in adopting the measure  considered  among other things  that Pirelli's relevant technology represents a part of Pirelli's economic activity and the risks related to it require structural safeguards that disregard the temporariness of the shareholders' agreement  as well as that any change in Pirelli's corporate governance  including the non-renewal or stipulation of the shareholders' agreement  must be subject to notification  as explained by the company.In detail  CNRC must abide by the commitment not to engage in management and coordination activities as detailed below  by way of example but not limited to; commit that the CEO of Pirelli  drawn from the majority list  will be designated by Camfin and that  consequently  out of 12 directors of Pirelli  drawn from the majority list  four will be designated by Camfin; undertake to see to it that the position of general manager  to whom the power to implement Pirelli's business plan  budget and ordinary management is delegated  is introduced; undertake to see to it that all of Pirelli's managing bodies are identified exclusively from among the directors designated by Camfin.A2A's board of directors - down 0.8 percent - passed a framework resolution authorizing the issuance  by April 30  2026  of one or more unsubordinated  unsecured and non-convertible bonds up to a total maximum of EUR1.65 billion from its EMTN program - established in 2012 - whose total maximum amount will be increased to EUR7 billion from EUR6 billion.UniCredit gains 1.6 percent after announcing Thursday that it intends to support Nusco  a company active in the production and marketing of interior doors and frames made of wood  PVC  aluminum and iron under the ""Nusco"" brand  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  with two loans totaling EUR2.5 million  guaranteed by SACE.ERG gives up 0.2 percent after it reported on Friday that it has been promoted by MSCI Inc. a leading ESG corporate performance research company to the ""AAA"" rating  an improvement from its ""AA"" rating in 2022  putting it in the ""Leader"" category.On the Mid-Cap  Juventus Football Club - up 0.8 percent - reported that Tottenham Hotspur FC has exercised its option right to permanently take over Dejan Kulusevki.The Bianconeri will receive EUR30 million  payable over six financial years  for a capital gain to Juventus' coffers of EUR12.8 million.Sesa rises 0.5 percent  after announcing Monday that it closed the year to April 30 with consolidated revenues and other income of about EUR2.9 million according to preliminary data  up 21 percent annually from EUR2.4 million as of April 30  2022.Maire gives up 1.0 percent after announcing Thursday its participation in Euronext Tech Leaders  the new initiative dedicated to leading  high-growth Tech companies developed by Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure that manages the regulated stock exchanges of Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  Norway  the Netherlands and Portugal.Tamburi Investment Partners - up 0.4 percent - announced Thursday that it had sold a 3.98 percent stake in Azimut-Benetti.ENAV - in the red by 0.4 percent - announced Thursday that through its subsidiary IDS AirNav - a leading international company in aviation information management systems and flight procedure design - it has signed a contract with ANS CZ  the service provider for air traffic control in the Czech Republic.On the Small-Cap  Softlab rallies 1.6 percent after letting it be known on Friday that Daniele Lembo has resigned from his position as director and managing director and from other corporate positions held within Group companies  for personal reasons also related to the opportunity to evaluate and undertake new professional paths.Zucchi's board of directors -- up 1.7 percent -- on Wednesday approved the interim report for the year ended March 31  having reported a profit of EUR1.9 million from EUR2.1 million in the same period last year.Somec rises 1.3 percent. On Friday  it reported that its U.S. subsidiary Fabbrica was awarded a new contract for a 34-story building in New York City. The contract is valued at more than USD23 million and consists of the design  manufacture  and installation of more than 12 000 square meters of custom curtain walling intended for a new building that will rise on Ninth Avenue  an artery on Manhattan's West Side  a few blocks from Madison Square Garden and the Empire State Building.Among SMEs  Relatech -- which rises 0.4 percent -- announced Friday that it had entered into binding agreements aimed at acquiring the remaining 40 percent of Sigla Group's share capital  for a total of EUR715 000.The board of directors of GO internet - up 6.0 percent - approved Friday the new business plan 2023-2027 drafted in line and continuity with the previous Plan approved on June 8  2020.The plan forecast revenues between EUR15.5 and EUR16.5 million  Ebitda between EUR2.5 million and EUR3.0 million  Ebitda margin between 17 percent and 18 percent  and a negative Net Financial Position between EUR2.8 and EUR2.0 million.Alfonsino - up 0.3 percent - announced on Monday that it had reached a partnership agreement with SIDI Piccolo  a historic family-owned business associated with the VéGé group and active in the large-scale retail sector under the Supermercati Piccolo banner  for fast home grocery delivery  further extending the scope of operations of the Groceries business unit.""The partnership is part of the process of diversification of the offer undertaken by Alfonsino and will allow the large-scale retail chain-owner of 18 stores in Campania-to better position itself in the ""Quick-Commerce"" market  allowing users to do their shopping directly in-app  and then receive it conveniently at home within an hour "" the company explained in a note.In Asia  the Nikkei closed down 1.0 percent to 33 370.42  the Shanghai Composite gave up 0.5 percent to 3 255.81  and the Hang Seng lost 0.6 percent to 19 912.89.In New York  the Dow closed Friday down 0.3 percent to 34 299.12  the Nasdaq lost 0.7 percent to 13 689.57 while and the S&P 500 gave up 0.4 percent to 4 409.59.Among currencies  the euro changed hands at USD1.0921 against USD1.0923 on Friday in closing European equities. In contrast  the pound is worth USD1.2812 from USD1.2808 on Friday evening.Among commodities  Brent crude is worth USD76.41 per barrel versus USD75.78 per barrel at Friday's close. Gold  on the other hand  trades at USD1 955.70 an ounce from USD1 957.42 an ounce Friday night.Monday afternoon's macroeconomic calendar features a number of Canadian macros at 1430 CEST  including the industrial and commodity price index.At 1455 CEST  French BTF auctions will be held.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,mixed,0.33,0.03,0.65,True,English,"['Weakness', 'Europe', 'Pirelli', 'leading ESG corporate performance research company', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'leading, high-growth Tech companies', 'U.S. subsidiary Fabbrica', 'aviation information management systems', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'leading international company', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'other corporate positions', 'European stock exchanges', 'several listed companies', 'Monte dei Paschi', 'Tottenham Hotspur FC', 'six financial years', 'regulated stock exchanges', 'Tamburi Investment Partners', 'flight procedure design', 'air traffic control', 'other continental realities', 'Juventus Football Club', 'new professional paths', 'New York City', 'corporate governance', 'Group companies', 'Italy Growth', 'other things', ""Juventus' coffers"", 'other income', 'new initiative', 'ordinary management', 'Alliance News', 'Piazza Affari', ""Paris' CAC"", 'highest-capitalization basket', 'Chinese takeover', 'tire group', 'relevant technology', 'economic activity', 'structural safeguards', ""shareholders' agreement"", 'coordination activities', 'majority list', 'general manager', 'business plan', 'managing bodies', 'framework resolution', 'convertible bonds', 'EMTN program', 'maximum amount', 'interior doors', 'two loans', 'MSCI Inc.', 'AAA"" rating', 'Leader"" category', 'Dejan Kulusevki', 'The Bianconeri', 'capital gain', 'consolidated revenues', 'preliminary data', 'IDS AirNav', 'ANS CZ', 'service provider', 'Czech Republic', 'Daniele Lembo', 'personal reasons', 'interim report', 'same period', '34-story building', 'new contract', 'FTSE Mib', 'Italian Council', 'Golden Power', 'total maximum', 'Nusco"" brand', 'managing director', '3.98 percent stake', 'FTSE 100', '0.7 percent', '0.5 percent', '2.0 percent', '0.8 percent', '1.0 percent', '0.4 percent', '1.7 percent', 'ground', 'mid-session', 'less', 'weakness', 'day', 'coupons', 'Mid-Cap', 'Small-Cap', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'DAX', 'red', 'banks', 'start', 'Pirelli', 'Ministers', 'relation', 'measure', 'risks', 'temporariness', 'renewal', 'stipulation', 'notification', 'detail', 'CNRC', 'commitment', 'way', 'example', 'CEO', 'Camfin', '12 directors', 'budget', 'A2A', 'board', 'issuance', 'April', 'production', 'marketing', 'frames', 'wood', 'PVC', 'aluminum', 'iron', 'SACE', 'ERG', 'improvement', 'option', 'Sesa', 'Maire', 'participation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'Azimut-Benetti', 'ENAV', 'Softlab', 'opportunity', 'Zucchi', 'profit', 'Somec', '0.2']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26363,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIRELLI-C-S-P-A-37980122/news/Stock-exchanges-in-the-red-Monte-Paschi-leads-on-Mib-44139156/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Stock exchanges in the red; Monte Paschi leads on Mib.,(marketscreener.com) On Monday  major European stock markets  after a mixed opening  all veer into negative territory on a day with no major events on the macroeconomic front. Thus  the FTSE Mib is down 0.4 percent to 27 747.50  the Mid-Cap gives up 0.8 perce…,"(Alliance News) - On Monday  major European stock markets  after a mixed opening  all veer into negative territory on a day with no major events on the macroeconomic front.Thus  the FTSE Mib is down 0.4 percent to 27 747.50  the Mid-Cap gives up 0.8 percent to 43 454.22  the Small-Cap is in the red 0.7 percent to 27 429.17  and Italy Growth is in the green 0.2 percent to 9 139.12.In Europe  Paris' CAC 40 is down 0.4 percent  as is London's FTSE 100  while Frankfurt's DAX gives up 0.3 percent.On the highest-capitalization basket in Piazza Affari  Leonardo rises 1.0 percent. The company announced Thursday that a new corporate organizational chart was launched with the aim of rationalizing  simplifying and optimizing corporate governance. The management team will have a total of eight reporting to the CEO and general manager and a general co-director who will coordinate the divisions and business units.Banca Monte dei Paschi does best of all and rises 3.5 percent.Pirelli & C. gives up 0.5 percent at the opening after reporting that the Italian Council of Ministers exercised Golden Power in connection with the rumored Chinese takeover of the tire group.The Council of Ministers  in adopting the measure  considered  among other things  that Pirelli's relevant technology represents a part of Pirelli's economic activity and the risks related to it require structural safeguards that disregard the temporariness of the shareholders' agreement  as well as that any change in Pirelli's corporate governance  including the non-renewal or stipulation of the shareholders' agreement  must be subject to notification  the company explained.In detail  CNRC must comply with the commitment not to exercise management and coordination activities as detailed below  by way of example but not limited to; commit that the CEO of Pirelli  drawn from the majority list  will be designated by Camfin and that  consequently  out of 12 directors of Pirelli  drawn from the majority list  four will be designated by Camfin; undertake to see to it that the position of general manager  to whom the power to implement Pirelli's business plan  budget and ordinary management is delegated  is introduced; undertake to see to it that all of Pirelli's managing bodies are identified exclusively from among the directors designated by Camfin.The board of A2A - down 0.6 percent - passed a framework resolution authorizing the issuance  by April 30  2026  of one or more unsubordinated  unsecured and non-convertible bonds up to a total maximum of EUR1.65 billion from its EMTN program - established in 2012 - whose total maximum amount will be increased to EUR7 billion from EUR6 billion.UniCredit gains 1.0 percent after announcing on Thursday that it intends to support Nusco  a company active in the production and marketing of interior doors and frames made of wood  PVC  aluminum and iron under the ""Nusco"" brand  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market with two loans totaling EUR2.5 million  guaranteed by SACE.SACE's green guarantee  reads a note  is in support of the two loans that will allow the Nola-based company to innovate its production line of wooden frames and install photovoltaic panels.ERG gives up 0.8 percent  dpo that on Friday it announced that it has been promoted by MSCI Inc. a leading ESG corporate performance research firm to the ""AAA"" rating  an improvement from its ""AA"" rating in 2022  putting it in the ""Leader"" category.On the Mid-Cap  Juventus Football Club - up 1.1 percent - reported that Tottenham Hotspur FC has exercised its option to permanently take over Dejan Kulusevki.The Bianconeri will receive EUR30 million  payable over six financial years  for a capital gain to Juventus' coffers of EUR12.8 million.Sesa rises 0.1 percent  after announcing Monday that it closed the year to April 30 with consolidated revenues and other income of about EUR2.9 million according to preliminary data  up 21 percent annually from EUR2.4 million as of April 30  2022.Maire gives up 1.5 percent after announcing Thursday its participation in Euronext Tech Leaders  the new initiative dedicated to leading  high-growth Tech companies developed by Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure that manages the regulated stock exchanges of Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  Norway  the Netherlands and Portugal.Tamburi Investment Partners -- up 0.1 percent -- announced Thursday that it had sold a 3.98 percent stake in Azimut-Benetti.The transaction took place in the context of a shareholder reorganization of the Azimut-Benetti group as a result of which the Public Investment Fund  Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund  entered the capital of Azimut-Benetti  acquiring a 33 percent stake.ENAV--in the red by 0.5 percent--reported Thursday that through its subsidiary IDS AirNav--a leading international company in aviation information management systems and flight procedure design--signed a contract with ANS CZ  the service provider for air traffic control in the Czech Republic.On the Small-Cap  Softlab rallies 1.6 percent after letting it be known on Friday that Daniele Lembo has resigned from his position as director and managing director and from the other corporate positions held within the Group's companies  for personal reasons also related to the opportunity to evaluate and undertake new professional paths.The board of directors of Zucchi -- down 1.3 percent -- on Wednesday approved its interim report for the year to March 31  having reported a profit of EUR1.9 million from EUR2.1 million in the same period last year.Somec is not yet affected by trading. On Friday  it reported that its U.S. subsidiary Fabbrica has been awarded a new contract for a 34-story building in New York City. The contract is valued at more than USD23 million and consists of the design  manufacture and installation of more than 12 000 square meters of custom curtain walling intended for a new building to be constructed on Ninth Avenue  an artery on Manhattan's West Side  a few blocks from Madison Square Garden and the Empire State Building.Among SMEs  Relatech-which rises 1.2 percent-announced Friday that it had entered into binding agreements aimed at acquiring the remaining 40 percent of Sigla Group Srl's share capital  for a total of EUR715 000.The board of GO Internet-which does better than all and rises about 15 percent-approved on Friday the new Business Plan 2023-2027 drafted in line and continuity with the previous Plan approved on June 8  2020.The plan forecast revenues between EUR15.5 and EUR16.5 million  Ebitda between EUR2.5 million and EUR3.0 million  an Ebitda margin between 17 percent and 18 percent  and a negative Net Financial Position between EUR2.8 and EUR2.0 million.In Asia  the Nikkei closed down 1.0 percent to 33 370.42  the Shanghai Composite gave up 0.5 percent to 3 255.81  and the Hang Seng lost 0.8 percent to 19 889.59.In New York  the Dow closed Friday down 0.3 percent to 34 299.12  the Nasdaq lost 0.7 percent to 13 689.57 while and the S&P 500 gave up 0.4 percent to 4 409.59.Among currencies  the euro changed hands at USD1.0930 against USD1.0923 on Friday in closing European equities. In contrast  the pound is worth USD1.2818 from USD1.2808 on Friday evening.Among commodities  Brent crude is worth USD75.95 per barrel versus USD75.78 per barrel at Friday's close. Gold  on the other hand  trades at USD1 965.85 an ounce from USD1 957.42 an ounce Friday night.Monday afternoon's macroeconomic calendar features a number of Canadian macros at 1430 CEST  including the industrial and commodity price index.At 1455 CEST  French BTF auctions will be held.In Piazza Affari  no special events are scheduled.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.08,0.59,True,English,"['Stock exchanges', 'Monte Paschi', 'red', 'Mib.', 'leading ESG corporate performance research firm', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Banca Monte dei Paschi', 'leading, high-growth Tech companies', 'major European stock markets', 'new corporate organizational chart', 'aviation information management systems', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'regulated stock exchanges', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Tottenham Hotspur FC', 'six financial years', 'Tamburi Investment Partners', 'Public Investment Fund', 'sovereign wealth fund', 'subsidiary IDS AirNav', 'air traffic control', 'leading international company', 'Juventus Football Club', 'corporate governance', 'major events', 'new initiative', 'Italy Growth', ""Juventus' coffers"", 'management team', 'ordinary management', 'Alliance News', 'negative territory', 'macroeconomic front', ""Paris' CAC"", 'capitalization basket', 'Piazza Affari', 'eight reporting', 'general manager', 'general co', 'business units', 'Italian Council', 'Chinese takeover', 'tire group', 'The Council', 'other things', 'relevant technology', 'economic activity', 'structural safeguards', ""shareholders' agreement"", 'coordination activities', 'majority list', 'business plan', 'managing bodies', 'framework resolution', 'non-convertible bonds', 'EMTN program', 'maximum amount', 'interior doors', 'two loans', 'green guarantee', 'photovoltaic panels', 'MSCI Inc.', 'AA"" rating', 'Leader"" category', 'Dejan Kulusevki', 'The Bianconeri', 'consolidated revenues', 'other income', 'preliminary data', 'shareholder reorganization', 'Saudi Arabia', 'flight procedure', 'ANS CZ', 'service provider', 'Czech Republic', 'Nola-based company', 'mixed opening', 'FTSE Mib', 'Golden Power', 'Nusco"" brand', 'production line', 'wooden frames', 'capital gain', 'red 0.7 percent', 'green 0.2 percent', '3.98 percent stake', '33 percent stake', 'total maximum', 'Azimut-Benetti group', '0.8 percent', '0.3 percent', '0.5 percent', '1.5 percent', 'Monday', 'Mid-Cap', 'Small-Cap', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'DAX', 'Leonardo', 'aim', 'CEO', 'director', 'divisions', 'Pirelli', 'Ministers', 'connection', 'rumored', 'measure', 'risks', 'temporariness', 'renewal', 'stipulation', 'notification', 'detail', 'CNRC', 'commitment', 'way', 'example', 'Camfin', 'position', 'budget', 'board', 'A2A', 'issuance', 'April', 'unsecured', 'UniCredit', 'Thursday', 'marketing', 'PVC', 'aluminum', 'iron', 'SACE', 'note', 'support', 'ERG', 'Friday', 'improvement', 'option', 'Sesa', 'Maire', 'participation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'Portugal', 'transaction', 'place', 'context', 'result', 'ENAV', 'contract', 'Softlab']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26364,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/Ferrari-N-v-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-44140778/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Maranello   June 19  2023 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximatel…,Maranello (Italy)  June 19  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)12/06/2023 EXM 3 960 279.1680 1 105 505.28 13/06/2023 EXM 3 950 279.3072 1 103 263.44 14/06/2023 EXM 3 930 281.3431 1 105 678.38 15/06/2023 EXM 3 930 280.3169 1 101 645.42 16/06/2023 EXM 3 940 280.9421 1 106 911.87Total- 19 710 280.2133 5 523 004.39(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till June 16  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 153 362 029.50 for No. 636 893 common shares purchased on the EXM;USD 39 900 360.48 (Euro 37 272 003.59*) for No. 153 056 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of June 16  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 571 944 common shares equal to 4.89% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until June 16  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 598 357 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 349 808 023.12.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'New York Stock Exchange', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 636,893 common shares', 'No. 153,056 common shares', 'share capital', '571,944 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'June', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '1,598,357']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26365,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AGFA-GEVAERT-NV-5951/news/Publication-of-a-transparency-notification-ndash-Regulated-information-44138449/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information,(marketscreener.com)                                         Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information Mortsel  Belgium – June 19  2023...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AGFA-GEVAERT-NV-5951/news/Publication-of-a-transparen…,"Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information(Article 14 of the law of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of significant shareholdings)Mortsel  Belgium – June 19  2023 – 7.45 a.m. CETAccording to Agfa-Gevaert NV’s bylaws  the threshold as from which a shareholding needs to be disclosed  has been set at 3%  5% and a multiple of 5%.In conformity with the Law of May 2  2007 regarding the disclosure of significant shareholdings in listed companies  Agfa-Gevaert (Euronext: AGFB) discloses the following declaration:Sheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. declared on June 15  2023  that it has crossed the 3% threshold downwards on June 14  2023 (denominator is 154 820 528).Full chain of controlled undertakingsSheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. acting on behalf of Sheffield Partners  L.P. (""the Fund""). Sheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. is the general partner of the Fund and exercises the voting rights associated with the shares held in the Fund. Sheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. has two members  Brian J. Feltzin  Trustee of the Brian J. Feltzin Revocable Trust  u/a/d May 11  2004 (the Managing Member) and Allison Feltzin (the Non-Managing Member). Brian J. Feltzin and Allison Feltzin are not the beneficial owners of the shares  which are owned by the Fund. Sheffield Asset Management Llc is not a controlled entity.Additional informationSheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. is the investment management company that exercises the voting rights of Sheffield Partners  L.P. at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions.Notifications of important shareholdings to be made according to the Law ofMay 2  2007 or Agfa-Gevaert NV’s bylaws  should be sent to viviane.dictus@agfa.com.About Agfa-GevaertThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds three divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT and Digital Print & Chemicals. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2022  the Group (including the Offset Solutions division) realized a turnover of 1 857 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate Communicationstel. ++32 0 3 444 7124e-mail: viviane.dictus@agfa.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['transparency notification', 'Regulated information', 'Publication', 'Brian J. Feltzin Revocable Trust', 'Sheffield Asset Management Llc', 'L.L.C.', 'investment management company', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', 'Allison Feltzin', 'Sheffield Partners', 'L.P.', 'specific instructions', 'leading company', 'The Group', 'transparency notification', 'Regulated information', 'significant shareholdings', 'listed companies', 'following declaration', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'general partner', 'voting rights', 'two members', 'Managing Member', 'beneficial owners', 'controlled entity', 'Additional information', 'important shareholdings', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'three divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Solutions division', '1,857 million Euro', 'Corporate Communications', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Publication', 'Article', 'law', 'May', 'disclosure', 'Mortsel', 'Belgium', 'June', '7.45 a', 'CET', 'threshold', 'multiple', 'conformity', 'Euronext', 'AGFB', 'denominator', 'behalf', 'Fund', 'shares', 'Trustee', 'discretion', 'absence', 'Notifications', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'market', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'tel', 'mail', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26366,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TERACT-141268668/news/Teract-Appointment-within-TERACT-s-Executive-Committee-44142474/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Teract : Appointment within TERACT's Executive Committee,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Paris  19 June 2023   Appointment within TERACT's Executive Committee   As of 1 July 2023  Vincent Avignon will take over as TERACT's Deputy General Manager Garden Centre - Pet Retail. This means that as Deput…,"PRESS RELEASEParis  19 June 2023Appointment within TERACT's Executive CommitteeAs of 1 July 2023  Vincent Avignon will take over as TERACT's Deputy General Manager Garden Centre - Pet Retail. This means that as Deputy Chief Operating Officer  Vincent Avignon is broadening his scope of activity to include the support functions that until now have been managed by Frédéric Jacquot  Deputy General Manager in charge of the Offering  Marketing  Communication and Digital activity  as well as the Supply Chain which until now has been overseen by Guillaume Darrasse.Having reached an agreement with TERACT's Management Team  Frédéric Jacquot will leave the company as of 30 June 2023.Guillaume Darrasse  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of TERACT: ""I would like to thank Frédéric Jacquot sincerely for his dedication and the important contribution he made to the structuring of TERACT's offering  as well as the quality relationships he maintained within the teams steered by him. Congratulations to Vincent Avignon on his appointment as Deputy General Manager Garden Centre - Pet Retail. I am delighted to see him take the helm of TERACT's historical and strategic business line. Vincent Avignon will continue to report to me  together with Jocelyn Olive  Deputy General Manager Food Retail.""About TERACT:Since 29 July 2022  TERACT has combined the distribution activities of the InVivo Group (formerly InVivo Retail) and those of the former SPAC 2MX Organic.TERACT is a major responsible distribution player in the garden centre and pet retail and food distribution growth markets. Our ambition is to create a unique network of brands combining tradition and modernity  agricultural knowhow and innovation  in-store and digital experiences. TERACT addresses the demand for a new generation of consumption which is synonymous with quality  sustainability and traceability. TERACT regroups the Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands Jardiland  Gamm vert  Delbard  Jardineries du Terroir and Noa as well as the Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise  Grand Marché La Marnière  Frais d'Ici and Bio&Co. TERACT's majority shareholder is InVivo  one of the leading agricultural and agri-food groups in Europe.TERACT is listed on the professional segment of Euronext Paris (ticker code: TRACT  ISIN: FR001400BMH7). Further information is available at www.teract.com.CONTACTS:Investors: investors@teract.comMedia: media@teract.com1 / 1",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Executive Committee', 'Teract', 'Appointment', 'Grand Marché La Marnière', 'Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise', 'Deputy General Manager Garden Centre', 'Deputy General Manager Food Retail', 'Frédéric Jacquot', 'former SPAC 2MX Organic', 'food distribution growth markets', 'major responsible distribution player', 'Deputy Chief Operating Officer', 'Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strategic business line', 'Jardineries du Terroir', 'distribution activities', 'InVivo Retail', 'Executive Committee', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Vincent Avignon', 'support functions', 'Supply Chain', 'Guillaume Darrasse', 'Management Team', 'important contribution', 'Jocelyn Olive', 'unique network', 'agricultural knowhow', 'digital experiences', 'new generation', 'Gamm vert', 'Bio&Co.', 'majority shareholder', 'leading agricultural', 'agri-food groups', 'professional segment', 'ticker code', 'Further information', 'InVivo Group', 'Digital activity', 'quality relationships', 'Euronext Paris', '19 June', 'Appointment', 'TERACT', '1 July', 'scope', 'charge', 'Offering', 'Marketing', 'Communication', 'agreement', 'company', '30 June', 'dedication', 'teams', 'Congratulations', 'historical', '29 July', 'ambition', 'tradition', 'modernity', 'innovation', 'store', 'demand', 'consumption', 'sustainability', 'traceability', 'Jardiland', 'Delbard', 'Noa', 'Frais', 'Ici', 'Europe', 'TRACT', 'ISIN', 'CONTACTS', 'Investors', 'Media']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26367,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690085/0/en/Publication-of-a-transparency-notification-Regulated-information.html,Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information,Publication of a transparency notification – Regulated information(Article 14 of the law of May 2  2007 on the......,"English DutchPublication of a transparency notification – Regulated information(Article 14 of the law of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of significant shareholdings)Mortsel  Belgium – June 19  2023 – 7.45 a.m. CETAccording to Agfa-Gevaert NV’s bylaws  the threshold as from which a shareholding needs to be disclosed  has been set at 3%  5% and a multiple of 5%.In conformity with the Law of May 2  2007 regarding the disclosure of significant shareholdings in listed companies  Agfa-Gevaert (Euronext: AGFB) discloses the following declaration:Sheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. declared on June 15  2023  that it has crossed the 3% threshold downwards on June 14  2023 (denominator is 154 820 528).Full chain of controlled undertakingsSheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. acting on behalf of Sheffield Partners  L.P. (""the Fund""). Sheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. is the general partner of the Fund and exercises the voting rights associated with the shares held in the Fund. Sheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. has two members  Brian J. Feltzin  Trustee of the Brian J. Feltzin Revocable Trust  u/a/d May 11  2004 (the Managing Member) and Allison Feltzin (the Non-Managing Member). Brian J. Feltzin and Allison Feltzin are not the beneficial owners of the shares  which are owned by the Fund. Sheffield Asset Management Llc is not a controlled entity.Additional informationSheffield Asset Management  L.L.C. is the investment management company that exercises the voting rights of Sheffield Partners  L.P. at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions.Notifications of important shareholdings to be made according to the Law ofMay 2  2007 or Agfa-Gevaert NV’s bylaws  should be sent to viviane.dictus@agfa.com.About Agfa-GevaertThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds three divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT and Digital Print & Chemicals. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2022  the Group (including the Offset Solutions division) realized a turnover of 1 857 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate Communicationstel. ++32 0 3 444 7124e-mail: viviane.dictus@agfa.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['transparency notification', 'Regulated information', 'Publication', 'Brian J. Feltzin Revocable Trust', 'Sheffield Asset Management Llc', 'L.L.C.', 'investment management company', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', 'Allison Feltzin', 'Sheffield Partners', 'L.P.', 'specific instructions', 'leading company', 'The Group', 'English Dutch', 'transparency notification', 'Regulated information', 'significant shareholdings', 'listed companies', 'following declaration', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'general partner', 'voting rights', 'two members', 'Managing Member', 'beneficial owners', 'controlled entity', 'Additional information', 'important shareholdings', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'three divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Solutions division', '1,857 million Euro', 'Corporate Communications', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Publication', 'Article', 'law', 'May', 'disclosure', 'Mortsel', 'Belgium', 'June', '7.45 a', 'CET', 'threshold', 'multiple', 'conformity', 'Euronext', 'AGFB', 'denominator', 'behalf', 'Fund', 'shares', 'Trustee', 'discretion', 'absence', 'Notifications', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'market', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'tel', 'mail', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26368,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARCHER-AVIATION-INC-114338426/news/Stellantis-Archer-Move-Partnership-from-lsquo-Concept-Phase-to-lsquo-Execution-Phase-44138791/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Stellantis  Archer Move Partnership from ‘Concept Phase' to ‘Execution Phase',(marketscreener.com) Construction is well underway on the world’s first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility in Covington  Georgia  USAExperienced Stellantis personnel are providing expertise alongside Archer teams to prepare efficient  inn…,PARIS AIR SHOW - Archer Aviation Inc. (NYSE: ACHR) and Stellantis N.V. today announced progress in their strategic manufacturing partnership at the 2023 Paris Air Show. With construction now well underway on the world’s first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility located on an approximately 100-acre campus in Covington  Georgia  Stellantis recently increased its strategic shareholding through a series of purchases of Archer stock in the open market.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230618594234/en/Rendering of world’s first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility located in Covington  Georgia. (Graphic: Business Wire)“The Stellantis and Archer teams are moving full speed ahead in execution mode to ensure we meet our goal of bringing scalable manufacturing of Archer’s aircraft online in mid-2024 ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “We believe this unique partnership is setting the standard for cross-industry collaboration and continues to be a key pillar of our strategy to ensure Stellantis leads the way the world moves  providing freedom of mobility in all ways. With our trusted teams onsite working shoulder-to-shoulder with Archer  I have no doubt that we are on the right path.”“At Archer  our goal is not just to get to commercialization  but to achieve it at scale. High-volume manufacturing is critical to ensuring we can meet this goal and joining forces with one of the leading mobility companies in the world is helping us realize the once-in-a-generation opportunity we have to redefine urban transportation ” said Archer’s founder and CEO  Adam Goldstein. “I couldn’t be prouder of what we’ve already accomplished with this partnership as we continue to lead the industry in building out manufacturing capabilities.”During the manufacturing ramp-up phase  the goal is to leverage each company’s respective strengths to enable the rapid scaling of aircraft production to meet Archer’s commercialization plans. As the two companies rapidly progress towards bringing this facility online in mid-2024  there are now experienced Stellantis personnel working full time alongside the Archer team  supporting operational readiness with the current focus being on manufacturing automation and component sourcing. Stellantis personnel are now embedded across almost all areas of Archer’s operations  including manufacturing  engineering  supply chain  quality  facilities and human resources.Initial manufacturing operations will be capable of producing up to 650 aircraft per year with room for expansion to support production of up to 2 300 aircraft per year. Manufacturing aircraft at these volumes would make this site the world’s leading aircraft manufacturing facility by volume.About ArcherArcher is designing and developing electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft for use in urban air mobility networks. Archer’s mission is to unlock the skies  freeing everyone to reimagine how they move and spend time. Archer's team is based in Santa Clara  CA.To learn more  visit www.archer.com.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates.For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.Archer Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward looking statements regarding Archer’s future business plans  including statements regarding the timing of Archer’s development  commercialization  and certification of its eVTOL aircraft. These forward looking statements are only predictions and may differ materially from actual results due to a variety of factors. The risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted are more fully detailed in Archer’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission  including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K  available at www.sec.gov. In addition  please note that any forward looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that Archer believes to be reasonable as of the date of this press release. Archer undertakes no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.STELLANTIS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Source: ArcherText: ArcherIRView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230618594234/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.09,0.25,True,English,"['Archer Move Partnership', 'Concept Phase', 'Execution Phase', 'Stellantis', 'first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'urban air mobility networks', 'leading aircraft manufacturing facility', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'PARIS AIR SHOW', 'manufacturing ramp-up phase', 'electric vertical takeoff', 'recent Annual Report', 'leading mobility companies', 'up to 650 aircraft', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'High-volume manufacturing', 'Initial manufacturing operations', 'strategic manufacturing partnership', 'Archer Aviation Inc.', 'future business plans', 'forward looking statements', 'STELLANTIS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Manufacturing aircraft', 'scalable manufacturing', 'urban transportation', 'manufacturing capabilities', 'manufacturing automation', 'leading automakers', 'mobility provider', 'landing aircraft', 'Euronext Paris', 'Citroën', 'strategic shareholding', 'two companies', 'aircraft production', 'Business Wire', 'business strategies', 'future events', 'future financial', 'The Stellantis', 'Stellantis personnel', '100-acre campus', 'open market', 'press release', 'full release', 'full speed', 'execution mode', 'unique partnership', 'cross-industry collaboration', 'key pillar', 'trusted teams', 'right path', 'generation opportunity', 'Adam Goldstein', 'respective strengths', 'rapid scaling', 'operational readiness', 'current focus', 'component sourcing', 'supply chain', 'human resources', 'Santa Clara', 'Euronext Milan', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Exchange Commission', 'Form 10-K', 'sec.gov', 'operating resu', 'commercialization plans', 'actual results', 'new information', 'Archer stock', 'Archer teams', '2,300 aircraft', 'NYSE', 'ACHR', 'progress', 'construction', 'world', 'Covington', 'Georgia', 'series', 'purchases', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Rendering', 'Graphic', 'goal', 'mid-20', 'standard', 'strategy', 'way', 'freedom', 'shoulder', 'doubt', 'scale', 'forces', 'areas', 'engineering', 'quality', 'facilities', 'year', 'room', 'expansion', 'volumes', 'site', 'use', 'skies', 'everyone', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'timing', 'development', 'certification', 'predictions', 'variety', 'factors', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'filings', 'Securities', 'www', 'addition', 'assumptions', 'date', 'obligation', 'communication', 'benefits', 'transaction']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26369,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-RENOV-VEIS-S-A-3073163/news/EDP-Renewables-and-NIPSCO-Enter-Into-Long-Term-Agreement-for-the-198-Megawatt-Carpenter-Wind-Farm-in-44141749/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,EDP Renewables and NIPSCO Enter Into Long-Term Agreement for the 198-Megawatt Carpenter Wind Farm in Indiana,(marketscreener.com) This contract marks NIPSCO and EDP Renewables’ fifth renewable energy project to bring to Indiana  totaling more than 1 000 megawatts of clean energy generation in the Hoosier State.Remington  Indiana  June 19  2023 -- EDP Renewables SA  …,This contract marks NIPSCO and EDP Renewables’ fifth renewable energy project to bring to Indiana  totaling more than 1 000 megawatts of clean energy generation in the Hoosier State.Remington  Indiana  June 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EDP Renewables SA (EDPR)  through its fully owned subsidiary EDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  and Northern Indiana Public Service Company  LLC (NIPSCO)  a subsidiary of NiSource Inc. (NYSE: NI)  have signed a 20-year power purchase agreement (PPA) for the 198-megawatt (MW) Carpenter Wind Farm in Jasper County  Indiana. This PPA is included in the announcement EDPR issued on April 17  2023.Carpenter Wind Farm  located outside of the town of Remington in the northwestern region of Indiana  is anticipated to be operational in 2025 and will power the equivalent of more than 53 000 Hoosier homes each year. The project  which represents an estimated capital investment of approximately $365 million  will provide significant economic benefits to the surrounding area over its multi-decade operational life. It will also contribute approximately $70 million in payments to landowners and an additional $38 million to local governments  benefiting schools  local infrastructure  and other essential public services. Additionally  EDP Renewables recently signed a voluntary contribution agreement to provide $1.6 million to the Town of Remington to support projects that benefit residents of the Town. The wind farm’s continued development and eventual construction and operations will bring increased spending within 50 miles of the project  supporting local stores  restaurants  hotels  and other construction-related businesses. It is expected to create 150-200 full-time equivalent jobs during construction and around one dozen permanent operations jobs.“Jasper County is pleased to be partnering with EDPR on the Carpenter Wind project that will be located and operating in the southern region of the county ” said Rein Bontreger  President of Jasper County Board of Commissioners. “Jasper County is anticipating the agreed improvements to the county roads in the wind project area and looking forward to the opportunity to invest the economic development agreement dollars county side for a variety of projects that will assist in making improvements that will endure for many years to come.”EDPR NA and NIPSCO have partnered to bring four other renewable energy projects to Indiana  including the 102-MW Rosewater Wind Farm and the 302-MW Indiana Crossroads I Wind Farm which are operational and owned by NIPSCO; the 200-MW Indiana Crossroads Solar Park  which is currently under construction and will be owned by NIPSCO; and the 204-MW Indiana Crossroads II Wind Farm  which is currently under construction and will be owned and operated by EDPR NA.“EDP Renewables has long been a responsible renewable energy developer and operator in Indiana  and we are pleased to expand our partnership with NIPSCO to bring more investment to the state. Together  we are leading the acceleration of the energy transition within the state and throughout the country ” said Sandhya Ganapathy  EDP Renewables North America CEO.NIPSCO’s electric generation transition – including its plans to retire all remaining coal – toward a more balanced  sustainable  and reliable portfolio* is driven by real-world data and economics derived from Indiana’s Integrated Resource Plan process and subsequent requests for proposals. NIPSCO has also performed an ongoing analysis of current market conditions and changes in market rules  which supports NIPSCO’s current generation transition path. The company plans to be coal-free by 2028  resulting in a reduction in carbon emissions by more than 90 percent by 2030  compared to a 2005 baseline.“NIPSCO is pleased to work with EDPR on another purchase power agreement ” said Mike Hooper  NIPSCO President. “The Carpenter Wind PPA is a key next step in NIPSCO’s electric generation transition to a more balanced  reliable portfolio.”EDP Renewables is Indiana’s top renewable energy developer and operator  with 1 400 MW of installed capacity across the state that generates electricity equivalent to the consumption of more than 372 000 average Hoosier homes. The company’s operating renewable energy portfolio comprises six phases of the Meadow Lake Wind Farm (White and Benton Counties)  two phases of the Headwaters Wind Farm (Randolph County)  and the Riverstart Solar Park (Randolph County). EDPR NA is currently constructing the Indiana Crossroads II Wind Farm and the Indiana Crossroads Solar Park and developed and constructed the Rosewater Wind Farm and the Indiana Crossroads I Wind Farm (all in White County). The company has also announced the 200-MW Headwaters III Wind Farm (Randolph County)  which is anticipated to begin commercial operations in 2025. Indiana is a vital market in EDPR NA’s portfolio  and the company has additional projects in late-stage development as well as more prospects in its robust development portfolio to further grow its presence and continue to bring economic benefits to Hoosier communities.*NIPSCO may sell in the future and has previously sold the Renewable Energy Credits from this generation to a third party because this helps keep our energy more affordable for our customers.Multimedia Resources:About EDP Renewables North AmericaEDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  its affiliates  and its subsidiaries develop  construct  own  and operate wind farms  solar parks  and energy storage systems throughout North America. Headquartered in Houston  Texas  with 58 wind farms  10 solar parks  and eight regional offices across North America  EDPR NA has developed more than 9 400 megawatts (MW) and operates more than 8 400 MW of onshore utility-scale renewable energy projects. With more than 1 000 employees  EDPR NA’s highly qualified team has a proven capacity to execute projects across the continent. For more information  visit www.edpr.com/north-america.About EDP RenewablesEDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is the world’s fourth-largest producer of wind and solar energy and is present in 28 markets in Europe  North America  South America  and Asia-Pacific. With headquarters in Madrid and leading regional offices in Houston  São Paulo  and Singapore  EDPR has a sound development portfolio of top-level assets and market-leading operating capacity in renewable energies. Particularly worthy of note are onshore wind  distributed and utility-scale solar  offshore wind (OW - through a 50/50 joint venture)  and technologies to complement renewables such as storage and green hydrogen.EDPR's employee-centered policies have received recognition such as Top Workplace 2023 in the USA  Top Employer 2023 in Europe (Spain  Italy  France  Romania  Greece  Portugal  and Poland) Colombia  and Brazil  and are also included in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index.EDPR is a division of EDP (Euronext: EDP)  a leader in the energy transition with a focus on decarbonization. Besides its strong presence in renewables (with EDPR and hydro operations)  EDP has an integrated utility presence in Portugal  Spain  and Brazil including electricity networks  client solutions  and energy management. EDP – EDPR’s main shareholder – has been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for 14 consecutive years  recently being named the most sustainable electricity company on the Index.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['198-Megawatt Carpenter Wind Farm', 'EDP Renewables', 'Long-Term Agreement', 'NIPSCO', 'Indiana', '302-MW Indiana Crossroads I Wind Farm', '204-MW Indiana Crossroads II Wind Farm', 'EDP Renewables’ fifth renewable energy project', '200-MW Headwaters III Wind Farm', 'one dozen permanent operations jobs', 'EDP Renewables North America CEO', '200-MW Indiana Crossroads Solar Park', 'EDP Renewables North America LLC', '198-megawatt (MW) Carpenter Wind Farm', 'four other renewable energy projects', 'Northern Indiana Public Service Company', 'responsible renewable energy developer', 'top renewable energy developer', 'other essential public services', 'Meadow Lake Wind Farm', 'Integrated Resource Plan process', '102-MW Rosewater Wind Farm', 'operating renewable energy portfolio', '150-200 full-time equivalent jobs', '20-year power purchase agreement', 'The Carpenter Wind PPA', 'current generation transition path', 'economic development agreement dollars', 'Headwaters Wind Farm', 'Riverstart Solar Park', 'Carpenter Wind project', 'purchase power agreement', 'clean energy generation', 'EDP Renewables SA', 'other construction-related businesses', 'voluntary contribution agreement', 'wind project area', 'electric generation transition', 'multi-decade operational life', 'key next step', 'current market conditions', 'significant economic benefits', 'robust development portfolio', 'balanced, reliable portfolio', '372,000 average Hoosier homes', 'Jasper County Board', 'energy transition', '53,000 Hoosier homes', 'continued development', 'late-stage development', 'commercial operations', 'surrounding area', 'market rules', 'vital market', 'additional projects', 'Hoosier comm', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'NiSource Inc.', 'northwestern region', 'local governments', 'local infrastructure', 'local stores', 'southern region', 'Rein Bontreger', 'county roads', 'county side', 'many years', 'Sandhya Ganapathy', 'remaining coal', 'real-world data', 'subsequent requests', 'ongoing analysis', 'carbon emissions', 'Mike Hooper', 'six phases', 'Benton Counties', 'two phases', 'Randolph County', 'EDPR NA', 'Hoosier State', 'capital investment', 'White County', 'eventual construction', '1,400 MW', 'NIPSCO President', 'contract', '1,000 megawatts', 'Remington', 'subsidiary', 'NYSE', 'announcement', 'April', 'town', 'payments', 'landowners', 'schools', 'residents', 'spending', '50 miles', 'restaurants', 'hotels', 'Commissioners', 'improvements', 'opportunity', 'variety', 'operator', 'partnership', 'acceleration', 'country', 'plans', 'economics', 'proposals', 'changes', 'reduction', '90 percent', '2005 baseline', 'capacity', 'electricity', 'consumption', 'prospects', 'presence']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26370,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690396/0/en/EDP-Renewables-and-NIPSCO-Enter-Into-Long-Term-Agreement-for-the-198-Megawatt-Carpenter-Wind-Farm-in-Indiana.html,EDP Renewables and NIPSCO Enter Into Long-Term Agreement for the 198-Megawatt Carpenter Wind Farm in Indiana,This contract marks NIPSCO and EDP Renewables’ fifth renewable energy project to bring to Indiana  totaling more than 1 000 megawatts of clean energy generation in the Hoosier State. This contract marks NIPSCO and EDP Renewables’ fifth renewable energy projec…,Remington  Indiana  June 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EDP Renewables SA (EDPR)  through its fully owned subsidiary EDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  and Northern Indiana Public Service Company  LLC (NIPSCO)  a subsidiary of NiSource Inc. (NYSE: NI)  have signed a 20-year power purchase agreement (PPA) for the 198-megawatt (MW) Carpenter Wind Farm in Jasper County  Indiana. This PPA is included in the announcement EDPR issued on April 17  2023.Carpenter Wind Farm  located outside of the town of Remington in the northwestern region of Indiana  is anticipated to be operational in 2025 and will power the equivalent of more than 53 000 Hoosier homes each year. The project  which represents an estimated capital investment of approximately $365 million  will provide significant economic benefits to the surrounding area over its multi-decade operational life. It will also contribute approximately $70 million in payments to landowners and an additional $38 million to local governments  benefiting schools  local infrastructure  and other essential public services. Additionally  EDP Renewables recently signed a voluntary contribution agreement to provide $1.6 million to the Town of Remington to support projects that benefit residents of the Town. The wind farm’s continued development and eventual construction and operations will bring increased spending within 50 miles of the project  supporting local stores  restaurants  hotels  and other construction-related businesses. It is expected to create 150-200 full-time equivalent jobs during construction and around one dozen permanent operations jobs.“Jasper County is pleased to be partnering with EDPR on the Carpenter Wind project that will be located and operating in the southern region of the county ” said Rein Bontreger  President of Jasper County Board of Commissioners. “Jasper County is anticipating the agreed improvements to the county roads in the wind project area and looking forward to the opportunity to invest the economic development agreement dollars county side for a variety of projects that will assist in making improvements that will endure for many years to come.”EDPR NA and NIPSCO have partnered to bring four other renewable energy projects to Indiana  including the 102-MW Rosewater Wind Farm and the 302-MW Indiana Crossroads I Wind Farm which are operational and owned by NIPSCO; the 200-MW Indiana Crossroads Solar Park  which is currently under construction and will be owned by NIPSCO; and the 204-MW Indiana Crossroads II Wind Farm  which is currently under construction and will be owned and operated by EDPR NA.“EDP Renewables has long been a responsible renewable energy developer and operator in Indiana  and we are pleased to expand our partnership with NIPSCO to bring more investment to the state. Together  we are leading the acceleration of the energy transition within the state and throughout the country ” said Sandhya Ganapathy  EDP Renewables North America CEO.NIPSCO’s electric generation transition – including its plans to retire all remaining coal – toward a more balanced  sustainable  and reliable portfolio* is driven by real-world data and economics derived from Indiana’s Integrated Resource Plan process and subsequent requests for proposals. NIPSCO has also performed an ongoing analysis of current market conditions and changes in market rules  which supports NIPSCO’s current generation transition path. The company plans to be coal-free by 2028  resulting in a reduction in carbon emissions by more than 90 percent by 2030  compared to a 2005 baseline.“NIPSCO is pleased to work with EDPR on another purchase power agreement ” said Mike Hooper  NIPSCO President. “The Carpenter Wind PPA is a key next step in NIPSCO’s electric generation transition to a more balanced  reliable portfolio.”EDP Renewables is Indiana’s top renewable energy developer and operator  with 1 400 MW of installed capacity across the state that generates electricity equivalent to the consumption of more than 372 000 average Hoosier homes. The company’s operating renewable energy portfolio comprises six phases of the Meadow Lake Wind Farm (White and Benton Counties)  two phases of the Headwaters Wind Farm (Randolph County)  and the Riverstart Solar Park (Randolph County). EDPR NA is currently constructing the Indiana Crossroads II Wind Farm and the Indiana Crossroads Solar Park and developed and constructed the Rosewater Wind Farm and the Indiana Crossroads I Wind Farm (all in White County). The company has also announced the 200-MW Headwaters III Wind Farm (Randolph County)  which is anticipated to begin commercial operations in 2025. Indiana is a vital market in EDPR NA’s portfolio  and the company has additional projects in late-stage development as well as more prospects in its robust development portfolio to further grow its presence and continue to bring economic benefits to Hoosier communities.*NIPSCO may sell in the future and has previously sold the Renewable Energy Credits from this generation to a third party because this helps keep our energy more affordable for our customers.Multimedia Resources:About EDP Renewables North AmericaEDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  its affiliates  and its subsidiaries develop  construct  own  and operate wind farms  solar parks  and energy storage systems throughout North America. Headquartered in Houston  Texas  with 58 wind farms  10 solar parks  and eight regional offices across North America  EDPR NA has developed more than 9 400 megawatts (MW) and operates more than 8 400 MW of onshore utility-scale renewable energy projects. With more than 1 000 employees  EDPR NA’s highly qualified team has a proven capacity to execute projects across the continent. For more information  visit www.edpr.com/north-america.About EDP RenewablesEDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is the world’s fourth-largest producer of wind and solar energy and is present in 28 markets in Europe  North America  South America  and Asia-Pacific. With headquarters in Madrid and leading regional offices in Houston  São Paulo  and Singapore  EDPR has a sound development portfolio of top-level assets and market-leading operating capacity in renewable energies. Particularly worthy of note are onshore wind  distributed and utility-scale solar  offshore wind (OW - through a 50/50 joint venture)  and technologies to complement renewables such as storage and green hydrogen.EDPR's employee-centered policies have received recognition such as Top Workplace 2023 in the USA  Top Employer 2023 in Europe (Spain  Italy  France  Romania  Greece  Portugal  and Poland) Colombia  and Brazil  and are also included in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index.EDPR is a division of EDP (Euronext: EDP)  a leader in the energy transition with a focus on decarbonization. Besides its strong presence in renewables (with EDPR and hydro operations)  EDP has an integrated utility presence in Portugal  Spain  and Brazil including electricity networks  client solutions  and energy management. EDP – EDPR’s main shareholder – has been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for 14 consecutive years  recently being named the most sustainable electricity company on the Index.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['198-Megawatt Carpenter Wind Farm', 'EDP Renewables', 'Long-Term Agreement', 'NIPSCO', 'Indiana', '302-MW Indiana Crossroads I Wind Farm', '204-MW Indiana Crossroads II Wind Farm', '200-MW Headwaters III Wind Farm', 'one dozen permanent operations jobs', 'EDP Renewables North America CEO', '200-MW Indiana Crossroads Solar Park', '198-megawatt (MW) Carpenter Wind Farm', 'EDP Renewables North America LLC', 'Northern Indiana Public Service Company', 'four other renewable energy projects', 'other essential public services', 'Meadow Lake Wind Farm', 'Integrated Resource Plan process', '102-MW Rosewater Wind Farm', 'responsible renewable energy developer', 'top renewable energy developer', '150-200 full-time equivalent jobs', '20-year power purchase agreement', 'operating renewable energy portfolio', 'The Carpenter Wind PPA', 'economic development agreement dollars', 'current generation transition path', 'Headwaters Wind Farm', 'Riverstart Solar Park', 'purchase power agreement', 'Renewable Energy Credits', 'other construction-related businesses', 'Carpenter Wind project', 'voluntary contribution agreement', 'EDP Renewables SA', 'multi-decade operational life', 'key next step', 'current market conditions', 'electric generation transition', 'wind project area', 'significant economic benefits', 'robust development portfolio', 'balanced, reliable portfolio', '372,000 average Hoosier homes', 'Jasper County Board', 'energy transition', '53,000 Hoosier homes', 'continued development', 'late-stage development', 'commercial operations', 'surrounding area', 'market rules', 'vital market', 'Hoosier communities', 'additional projects', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'NiSource Inc.', 'northwestern region', 'local governments', 'local infrastructure', 'local stores', 'southern region', 'Rein Bontreger', 'county roads', 'county side', 'many years', 'Sandhya Ganapathy', 'remaining coal', 'real-world data', 'subsequent requests', 'ongoing analysis', 'carbon emissions', 'Mike Hooper', 'six phases', 'Benton Counties', 'two phases', 'Randolph County', 'third party', 'EDPR NA', 'capital investment', 'White County', 'eventual construction', '1,400 MW', 'NIPSCO President', 'Remington', 'subsidiary', 'NYSE', 'announcement', 'April', 'town', 'payments', 'landowners', 'schools', 'residents', 'spending', '50 miles', 'restaurants', 'hotels', 'Commissioners', 'improvements', 'opportunity', 'variety', 'operator', 'partnership', 'state', 'acceleration', 'country', 'plans', 'economics', 'proposals', 'changes', 'reduction', '90 percent', '2005 baseline', 'capacity', 'electricity', 'consumption', 'prospects', 'presence', 'future']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26371,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690489/0/en/Additional-data-from-North-American-pivotal-alfapump-study-POSEIDON-will-be-presented-at-EASL-Congress-2023.html,Additional data from North American pivotal alfapump® study (POSEIDON) will be presented at EASL Congress 2023,PRESS RELEASE    Poster presentation at EASL by Dr. Florence Wong on 21 June 2023; selected for additional poster presentation on 23 June...,"PRESS RELEASEPoster p resentation at EASL by Dr. Florence Wong on 21 June 2023 ; selected for additional poster presentation on 23 June 2023Conference call with live webcast by Sequana Medical on 21 June 2023 at 03:00 pm CEST / 09:00 am ESTGhent  Belgium – 19 June 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA  the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that data from POSEIDON  its North American pivotal study of the alfapump will be presented during two poster sessions at the EASL Congress 2023  taking place in Vienna  Austria from 21 to 24 June 2023.The poster will include primary and secondary endpoint data from Pivotal Cohort patients in the POSEIDON study1  including reduction in paracentesis requirement  safety  quality of life and survival.Details oral poster presentation s at EASL 2023Title: “The effects of alfa pump on ascites control and quality of life in patients with cirrhosis and recurrent or refractory ascites: pivotal trial results”“The effects of pump on ascites control and quality of life in patients with cirrhosis and recurrent or refractory ascites: pivotal trial results” Presenter: Dr. Florence Wong  MD  FAASLD  University of TorontoTrack : Cirrhosis & complicationsCirrhosis & complications Timing: Wednesday  21 June 2023; highlights on Friday  23 June 2023 between 12:45 – 12:55 CESTSequana Medical management will attend the EASL Congress and is available to meet.Conference Call and WebcastSequana Medical management will host a conference call with a live webcast presentation on Wednesday  21 June 2023 at 03:00 pm CEST / 09:00 am EST.Registration webcast: please click hereRegistration conference call (only if you wish to participate in the Q&A): please click here. Once registered  you will receive dial-in numbers and a confirmation code.The webcast and conference call will be conducted in English and a replay will be available on Sequana Medical’s website shortly after.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About the POSEIDON studyPOSEIDON is a single-arm  open-label  within-subject crossover study of the alfapump in patients with recurrent and refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis in approximately 20 centres across the US and Canada. The study consisted of a Pivotal Cohort for primary endpoint analysis and an additional Roll-In Cohort for new centers to become familiarized with the implantation procedure before they enrolled patients in the Pivotal Cohort. Pivotal Cohort patients entered into a three-month pre-implant observation period in which they received standard of care therapy (consisting of therapeutic paracentesis (TP)) before the alfapump was implanted.Pivotal Cohort patients met all pre-specified primary effectiveness endpoints with statistical significance at six months post-implantation  including i) 100% median per-patient reduction in TP post- vs pre-implantation (p<0.001)  vs hypothesis of at least a 50% reduction and ii) 77% of patients with at least 50% reduction in number of TP post- vs pre-implantation (p<0.001)  vs hypothesis of at least 50% of patients. Primary safety endpoint data  including the rate of alfapump-related re-interventions adjudicated by the Clinical Events Committee  were in line with expectations with no unanticipated adverse device effects.Patients are followed for up to two years post-implant for analysis of secondary outcome measurements including safety (device and/or procedure-related adverse events)  quality of life (assessed by general SF36 as well as disease-specific Ascites Q questionnaires)  nutritional status  health economics and overall survival.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company will commence MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  with initial data expected in Q4 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements.Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.1 Positive primary endpoint data reported in press release on 25 October 2022Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.06,0.8,True,English,"['North American pivotal alfapump® study', 'Additional data', 'EASL Congress', 'POSEIDON', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'three-month pre-implant observation period', 'up to two years', 'growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population', 'limited effective treatment options', 'disease-specific Ascites Q questionnaires', 'North American pivotal study', 'unanticipated adverse device effects', 'Primary safety endpoint data', 'up to 15 liters', 'procedure-related adverse events', 'innovative treatment options', 'two poster sessions', 'Dr. Florence Wong', 'secondary endpoint data', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'secondary outcome measurements', 'pivotal trial results', 'primary effectiveness endpoints', 'Clinical Events Committee', 'frequent clinical complication', 'poor clinical outcomes', 'additional Roll-In Cohort', 'Poster p resentation', 'additional poster presentation', 'oral poster presentation', 'subject crossover study', 'primary endpoint analysis', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'major medical issues', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'Sequana Medical management', 'live webcast presentation', 'Pivotal Cohort patients', 'Registration conference call', 'major clinical', 'Q&A', 'ascites control', 'refractory ascites', 'major impact', 'Registration webcast', 'patient reduction', 'extra fluid', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'paracentesis requirement', 'Toronto Track', 'confirmation code', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'single-arm, open-label', 'new centers', 'therapeutic paracentesis', 'statistical significance', 'six months', 'alfapump-related re-interventions', 'general SF36', 'nutritional status', 'health economics', 'severe pain', 'restricted mobility', 'proprietary platforms', 'healthcare systems', 'POSEIDON study', 'EASL Congress', 'alfa pump', 'complications Timing', 'care therapy', 'overall survival', 'high costs', 'The Company', 'many patients', 'daily life', 'life benefits', 'liver cirrhosis', '50% reduction', '21 June', '23 June', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '19 June', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'place', 'Vienna', 'Austria', '24 June', 'quality', 'Details', 'Title', 'recurrent', 'Presenter', 'MD', 'FAASLD', 'University', 'Wednesday', 'highlights', 'Friday', '12:55 CEST', 'numbers', 'English', 'replay', 'website', 'information', '20 centres', 'Canada', 'standard', 'TP', 'implantation', '100% median', 'hypothesis', 'ii', 'line', 'expectations', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'mortality', 'hospitalizations', 'difficulty', 'breathing', 'diuretics', 'problem', 'large', 'alfapump®', 'DSR®', 'body', '03:00', '09:00', '12:45']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26372,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690087/0/en/Nyrstar-NV-s-Board-recommendations-with-regard-to-proposals-received-for-the-election-of-a-new-director.html,Nyrstar NV’s Board recommendations with regard to proposals received for the election of a new director,Regulated Information    Nyrstar NV’s Board recommendations with regard to proposals received for the election of a new director      19 June 2023 at...,"English DutchRegulated InformationNyrstar NV’s Board recommendations with regard to proposals received for the election of a new director19 June 2023 at 08.00 CESTThe Board of Directors of Nyrstar NV (the ""Company"") today issued its recommendation regarding the request that it received from Mr. Kris Vansanten  Bee Inspired BV and Quanteus Group BV (jointly owning 7.83% of the outstanding shares of the Company) on 5 June 2023 to add a proposal to the agenda of the annual general shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 (the ""AGM"") to appoint Mr. Thierry Buytaert as a new independent non-executive director within the meaning of Article 7:87 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and Provisions 3.4 and 3.5 of the Belgian Corporate Governance Code of 9 May 2019. The revised notice for the forthcoming AGM was published by the Company on 12 June 2023.The full revised notice  including revised agenda  proposed resolution and explanatory note can be found on the Nyrstar NV website: https://www.nyrstarnv.be/investors/share-and-bondholder-information/shareholder-meetings. Pursuant to article 7:130 of the Belgian Code for Companies and Associations  the Company has made amended forms available for votes by mail and votes by proxy. Proxies and votes by mail that reach the Company prior to the publication of the revised agenda remain valid for the agenda items to which the proxies and votes by mail apply  subject  however  to applicable law and the further clarifications set out on the proxy forms and voting by mail form.Recommendations regarding Mr. BuytaertIn the light of the Belgian Corporate Governance Code and the Company's Corporate Governance Charter  the Company’s Nominations and Remuneration Committee reviewed the curriculum vitae  candidacy and independence of Mr. Buytaert.Mr. Kris Vansanten  Bee Inspired BV and Quanteus Group BV  together with related persons and shareholders  have filed a transparency declaration on 28 December 2021 (published on the Company’s website) for a total of 15.09% of the outstanding shares of the Company. Mr. Buytaert thus had been proposed by a group of shareholders who  in concert with other shareholders  hold more than 10% of the voting rights in the Company. As such  Mr. Buytaert does not meet the independence criteria set out in clause 3.5(5b) of the Belgian Corporate Governance Code.The independence criteria in the Belgian Corporate Governance Code follow the comply or explain principle and the Company has had the opportunity to meet and discuss with Mr. Buytaert to discuss his candidacy and verify the other independence criteria. As the Company  on the basis of these discussions and its verification of the other independence criteria  believes that Mr. Buytaert  with his highly relevant experience in Belgian litigation  would be a suitable addition to the Company’s Board of Directors and can reasonably on investigation be seen to be independent  the Company  upon recommendation of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee  therefore chooses to deviate from clause 3.5(5b) of the Belgian Corporate Governance Code by recommending that shareholders vote for his appointment as an independent non-executive director.About Nyrstar NVThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and is listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information contact:Anthony Simms - Head of External Affairs & Legal anthony.simms@nyrstarnv.beAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Nyrstar NV', 'Board recommendations', 'new director', 'regard', 'proposals', 'election', 'Belgian Corporate Governance Code', 'English Dutch Regulated Information', ""annual general shareholders' meeting"", 'new independent non-executive director', 'Corporate Governance Charter', 'Bee Inspired BV', 'Mr. Kris Vansanten', 'Quanteus Group BV', 'full revised notice', 'Mr. Thierry Buytaert', 'other independence criteria', 'Belgian Code', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'new director', 'Belgian litigation', 'Mr. Buytaert', 'other shareholders', 'Nyrstar website', 'outstanding shares', 'explanatory note', 'applicable law', 'Remuneration Committee', 'curriculum vitae', 'related persons', 'transparency declaration', 'voting rights', 'relevant experience', 'suitable addition', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Anthony Simms', 'External Affairs', 'Legal anthony', 'forthcoming AGM', 'nyrstarnv.be', 'agenda items', 'mail form', 'Board recommendations', 'The Board', 'proxy forms', 'regard', 'proposals', 'election', '19 June', '08.00 CEST', 'Directors', 'Company', 'request', '5 June', '27 June', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'Provisions', '9 May', '12 June', 'resolution', 'investors', 'bondholder-information', 'shareholder-meetings', 'votes', 'Proxies', 'publication', 'clarifications', 'light', 'Nominations', 'candidacy', '28 December', 'total', 'concert', 'clause', 'comply', 'principle', 'opportunity', 'basis', 'discussions', 'verification', 'investigation', 'appointment', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'NYR.', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26373,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-341CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-June-12-16-2023-44139470/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Piquadro S p A : 341CS Piquadro buy back purchase week June 12 16 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   June 19  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the pe…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  June 19  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from June 12th to June 16th  2023  it purchased no. 13 550 treasury shares for a total consideration of 26 481.54 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 06/12/2023 2 500 1.9167 4 791.75 06/13/2023 2 600 1.9722 5 127.72 06/14/2023 2 800 1.9740 5 527.20 06/15/2023 2 850 1.9334 5 510.19 06/16/2023 2 800 1.9731 5 524.68 Total 13 550 1.9544 26 481.54Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of June 16th  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 962 712 treasury shares  equal to 3.9254% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 175 outlets including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 81 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 20 abroad  of which 74 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2022/2023 ended on March 31  2023  is € 175.6 million.Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '341CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'June', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', '13,550 treasury shares', '1,962,712 treasury shares', 'Piquadro product', 'total consideration', '81 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '33 franchised stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'June', 'reference', 'period', '26,481.54 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', '175 outlets', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '74 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'March', 'October']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26374,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELIEVE-123488703/news/Press-release-on-the-General-Meeting-and-the-vote-44142255/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Press release on the General Meeting and the vote,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE                               Combined Annual General Meeting of 16 June 2022 Paris  June 19  2023 – The General Meeting of the Company was held on first notice on Friday  June...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BE…,"PRESS RELEASECombined Annual General Meeting of 16 June 2022Paris  June 19  2023 – The General Meeting of the Company was held on first notice on Friday  June 16  2023  at 3 p.m.  at the Espace 73 – 73  rue d’Anjou  75008 Paris  France  under the presidency of Mr. Denis Ladegaillerie  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.The quorum was 90.81%.All the resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors were adopted  including:Approval of the Company’s financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022;Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022;Allocation of profit for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022;Approval of the Special Statutory Auditors’ report on the related-party agreements referred to in Article L.225-38 of the French Commercial Code;Approval of the information referred to in Article L.22-10-9 (1) of the French Commercial Code;Approval of the fixed  variable and exceptional components of pay and benefits of any kind paid during the past fiscal year or allocated for the same fiscal year to Mr Denis Ladegaillerie  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;Approval of the compensation policy for the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;Approval of the compensation policy for members of the Board of Directors;Authorisation to the Board of Directors to trade on the Company’s shares;Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing shares with cancellation of the preferential subscription right in favour of a specific category of beneficiaries;Powers for legal formalities.The detailed voting results and the transcript of the General Meeting will be available on the Company's website under the heading ""General Meeting"" : ( www.believe.com/general-meeting-shareholders-2023 ).About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 650 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.comInvestor RelationsEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comPhone : +33 1 53 09 33 91Mobile : +33 6 07 09 98 60Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Press release', 'General Meeting', 'vote', 'PRESS RELEASE Combined Annual General Meeting', 'Special Statutory Auditors’ report', 'leading digital music companies', 'Mr. Denis Ladegaillerie', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'French Commercial Code', 'Mr Denis Ladegaillerie', 'preferential subscription right', 'detailed voting results', 'global technology platform', 'unique digital expertise', 'digital music experts', 'past fiscal year', 'same fiscal year', 'digital world', 'first notice', 'financial statements', 'related-party agreements', 'Article L.', 'fixed, variable', 'exceptional components', 'compensation policy', 'share capital', 'specific category', 'legal formalities', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'regulated market', 'Investor Relations', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'independent artists', 'various solutions', 'Euronext Paris', '75008 Paris', '16 June', 'The', 'Company', 'Friday', 'Espace', 'rue', 'France', 'presidency', 'Chairman', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Approval', 'Allocation', 'profit', 'information', 'pay', 'benefits', 'kind', 'members', 'Authorisation', 'shares', 'Delegation', 'authority', 'cancellation', 'favour', 'beneficiaries', 'Powers', 'transcript', 'website', 'heading', 'meeting-shareholders', 'Believe', 'mission', 'labels', 'audience', 'stage', 'career', 'development', 'Group', '1,650 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'Ishtar', 'Byond', 'compartment', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'Phone', 'Mobile', 'Attachment', '3']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26375,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690467/0/en/Press-release-on-the-General-Meeting-and-the-vote.html,Press release on the General Meeting and the vote,PRESS RELEASE                               Combined Annual General Meeting of 16 June 2022 Paris  June 19  2023 – The General Meeting of the Company...,"English FrenchPRESS RELEASECombined Annual General Meeting of 16 June 2022Paris  June 19  2023 – The General Meeting of the Company was held on first notice on Friday  June 16  2023  at 3 p.m.  at the Espace 73 – 73  rue d’Anjou  75008 Paris  France  under the presidency of Mr. Denis Ladegaillerie  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.The quorum was 90.81%.All the resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors were adopted  including:Approval of the Company’s financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022;Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022;Allocation of profit for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022;Approval of the Special Statutory Auditors’ report on the related-party agreements referred to in Article L.225-38 of the French Commercial Code;Approval of the information referred to in Article L.22-10-9 (1) of the French Commercial Code;Approval of the fixed  variable and exceptional components of pay and benefits of any kind paid during the past fiscal year or allocated for the same fiscal year to Mr Denis Ladegaillerie  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;Approval of the compensation policy for the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;Approval of the compensation policy for members of the Board of Directors;Authorisation to the Board of Directors to trade on the Company’s shares;Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing shares with cancellation of the preferential subscription right in favour of a specific category of beneficiaries;Powers for legal formalities.The detailed voting results and the transcript of the General Meeting will be available on the Company's website under the heading ""General Meeting"" : ( www.believe.com/general-meeting-shareholders-2023 ).About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 650 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.comInvestor RelationsEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comPhone : +33 1 53 09 33 91Mobile : +33 6 07 09 98 60Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Press release', 'General Meeting', 'vote', 'PRESS RELEASE Combined Annual General Meeting', 'Special Statutory Auditors’ report', 'leading digital music companies', 'The General Meeting', 'Mr. Denis Ladegaillerie', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr Denis Ladegaillerie', 'preferential subscription right', 'detailed voting results', 'global technology platform', 'unique digital expertise', 'French Commercial Code', 'digital music experts', 'past fiscal year', 'same fiscal year', 'English French', 'digital world', 'first notice', 'financial statements', 'related-party agreements', 'Article L.', 'fixed, variable', 'exceptional components', 'compensation policy', 'share capital', 'specific category', 'legal formalities', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'regulated market', 'Investor Relations', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'independent artists', 'various solutions', 'Euronext Paris', '75008 Paris', '16 June', 'Company', 'Friday', 'Espace', 'rue', 'France', 'presidency', 'Chairman', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Approval', 'Allocation', 'profit', 'information', 'pay', 'benefits', 'kind', 'members', 'Authorisation', 'shares', 'Delegation', 'authority', 'cancellation', 'favour', 'beneficiaries', 'Powers', 'transcript', 'website', 'heading', 'meeting-shareholders', 'Believe', 'mission', 'labels', 'audience', 'stage', 'career', 'development', 'Group', '1,650 employees', '50 countries', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'Ishtar', 'Byond', 'compartment', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'Phone', 'Mobile', 'Attachment', '3']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26376,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690091/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-Update-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers.html,ForFarmers N.V.: Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers,Lochem  19 June 2023          Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers   ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 35 558 shares in the period from...,"English DutchLochem  19 June 2023Update share buy-back programme ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 35 558 shares in the period from 12 June 2023 through 16 June 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.87 per share  for a total amount of €101 887. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 13 April 2023. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes and obligations from employee participation plans 2022. It concerns a maximum of 625 000 shares  for a maximum amount of €3 125 000.The total number of shares that has been repurchased to date according to these programmes is 256 662 shares  for a total amount of €741 030.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en .This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions)Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 194 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that offers complete and innovative feed solutions for livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and further sustainalising the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of approximately 9 million tons of animal feed. The company is operating in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately € 3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Update share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'general economic conditions', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'English Dutch Lochem', 'employee participation plans', 'innovative feed solutions', 'share price fluctuations', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'future financial results', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'market leader', 'annual sales', 'annual report', 'average price', 'animal feed', '7240 AB Lochem', 'business plans', 'legal procedures', 'actual results', 'future results', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', '9 million tons', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'ForFarmers website', 'More information', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'new information', 'future events', 'maximum amount', 'total number', 'other factors', 'livestock farming', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '19 June', '35,558 shares', 'period', '12 June', '16 June', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '13 April', '625,000 shares', 'programmes', '256,662 shares', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'complete', 'mission', 'continuity', 'Europe', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'document', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26377,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Final-NAV-44142743/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) - Final NAV,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 31/05/2023. Final NAV   Euro Shares Sterling Share…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/05/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 26.7216 £ 23.6475 Final MTD return -1.33 % -1.18 % Final YTD return -3.77 % -3.19 % Final ITD return 167.22 % 136.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'United States', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26378,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYRSTAR-NV-28377339/news/Nyrstar-NV-s-Board-recommendations-with-regard-to-proposals-received-for-the-election-of-a-new-direc-44138515/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Nyrstar NV's Board recommendations with regard to proposals received for the election of a new director,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Nyrstar NV’s Board recommendations with regard to proposals received for the election of a new director 19 June 2023 at 08.00 CEST The Board of Directors of Nyrstar NV today issued its recommendation regarding the re…,"Regulated InformationNyrstar NV’s Board recommendations with regard to proposals received for the election of a new director19 June 2023 at 08.00 CESTThe Board of Directors of Nyrstar NV (the ""Company"") today issued its recommendation regarding the request that it received from Mr. Kris Vansanten  Bee Inspired BV and Quanteus Group BV (jointly owning 7.83% of the outstanding shares of the Company) on 5 June 2023 to add a proposal to the agenda of the annual general shareholders' meeting on 27 June 2023 (the ""AGM"") to appoint Mr. Thierry Buytaert as a new independent non-executive director within the meaning of Article 7:87 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and Provisions 3.4 and 3.5 of the Belgian Corporate Governance Code of 9 May 2019. The revised notice for the forthcoming AGM was published by the Company on 12 June 2023.The full revised notice  including revised agenda  proposed resolution and explanatory note can be found on the Nyrstar NV website: https://www.nyrstarnv.be/investors/share-and-bondholder-information/shareholder-meetings. Pursuant to article 7:130 of the Belgian Code for Companies and Associations  the Company has made amended forms available for votes by mail and votes by proxy. Proxies and votes by mail that reach the Company prior to the publication of the revised agenda remain valid for the agenda items to which the proxies and votes by mail apply  subject  however  to applicable law and the further clarifications set out on the proxy forms and voting by mail form.Recommendations regarding Mr. BuytaertIn the light of the Belgian Corporate Governance Code and the Company's Corporate Governance Charter  the Company’s Nominations and Remuneration Committee reviewed the curriculum vitae  candidacy and independence of Mr. Buytaert.Mr. Kris Vansanten  Bee Inspired BV and Quanteus Group BV  together with related persons and shareholders  have filed a transparency declaration on 28 December 2021 (published on the Company’s website) for a total of 15.09% of the outstanding shares of the Company. Mr. Buytaert thus had been proposed by a group of shareholders who  in concert with other shareholders  hold more than 10% of the voting rights in the Company. As such  Mr. Buytaert does not meet the independence criteria set out in clause 3.5(5b) of the Belgian Corporate Governance Code.The independence criteria in the Belgian Corporate Governance Code follow the comply or explain principle and the Company has had the opportunity to meet and discuss with Mr. Buytaert to discuss his candidacy and verify the other independence criteria. As the Company  on the basis of these discussions and its verification of the other independence criteria  believes that Mr. Buytaert  with his highly relevant experience in Belgian litigation  would be a suitable addition to the Company’s Board of Directors and can reasonably on investigation be seen to be independent  the Company  upon recommendation of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee  therefore chooses to deviate from clause 3.5(5b) of the Belgian Corporate Governance Code by recommending that shareholders vote for his appointment as an independent non-executive director.About Nyrstar NVThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and is listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information contact:Anthony Simms - Head of External Affairs & Legal anthony.simms@nyrstarnv.beAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.21,0.57,True,English,"['Nyrstar NV', 'Board recommendations', 'new director', 'regard', 'proposals', 'election', 'Belgian Corporate Governance Code', ""annual general shareholders' meeting"", 'new independent non-executive director', 'Corporate Governance Charter', 'Bee Inspired BV', 'Mr. Kris Vansanten', 'Quanteus Group BV', 'full revised notice', 'Mr. Thierry Buytaert', 'other independence criteria', 'Belgian Code', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'new director', 'Belgian litigation', 'Mr. Buytaert', 'other shareholders', 'Nyrstar website', 'outstanding shares', 'explanatory note', 'applicable law', 'Remuneration Committee', 'curriculum vitae', 'related persons', 'transparency declaration', 'relevant experience', 'suitable addition', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Anthony Simms', 'External Affairs', 'Legal anthony', 'forthcoming AGM', 'voting rights', 'Regulated Information', 'agenda items', 'mail form', 'Board recommendations', 'The Board', 'proxy forms', 'regard', 'proposals', 'election', '19 June', '08.00 CEST', 'Directors', 'Company', 'request', '5 June', '27 June', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'Provisions', '9 May', '12 June', 'resolution', 'nyrstarnv.', 'investors', 'bondholder-information', 'shareholder-meetings', 'votes', 'Proxies', 'publication', 'clarifications', 'light', 'Nominations', 'candidacy', '28 December', 'total', 'concert', 'clause', 'comply', 'principle', 'opportunity', 'basis', 'discussions', 'verification', 'investigation', 'appointment', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'NYR.', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26379,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-Update-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers-44138520/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,ForFarmers N.V.: Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  19 June 2023 Update share buy-back programme ForFarmers ForFarmers N.V. has repurchased 35 558 shares in the period from 12 June 2023 through 16 June 2023. The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.87 per share  for a …,"Lochem  19 June 2023Update share buy-back programme ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 35 558 shares in the period from 12 June 2023 through 16 June 2023.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €2.87 per share  for a total amount of €101 887. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 13 April 2023. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes and obligations from employee participation plans 2022. It concerns a maximum of 625 000 shares  for a maximum amount of €3 125 000.The total number of shares that has been repurchased to date according to these programmes is 256 662 shares  for a total amount of €741 030.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en .This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions)Note to the editor / For additional information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor RelationsT: 0031 573 288 194 M: 0031 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that offers complete and innovative feed solutions for livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and further sustainalising the agricultural sector.ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of approximately 9 million tons of animal feed. The company is operating in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately € 3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00  F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99  info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Update share buy-back programme', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'general economic conditions', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'employee participation plans', 'innovative feed solutions', 'share price fluctuations', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'future financial results', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'market leader', 'annual sales', 'annual report', 'average price', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'legal procedures', 'actual results', 'future results', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', '9 million tons', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'ForFarmers website', 'More information', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'new information', 'future events', 'maximum amount', 'total number', '7240 AB Lochem', 'other factors', 'livestock farming', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '19 June', '35,558 shares', 'period', '12 June', '16 June', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '13 April', '625,000 shares', 'programmes', '256,662 shares', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'complete', 'mission', 'continuity', 'Europe', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'document', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26380,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EBUSCO-HOLDING-N-V-128408817/news/Ebusco-N-starts-delivery-of-the-first-3-0-from-serial-production-44138392/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Ebusco N : starts delivery of the first 3.0 from serial production,(marketscreener.com)   Deurne  19 June 2023 - Ebusco   a pioneer and frontrunner in the development of electric buses and charging systems  today starts delivery of the first Ebusco 3.0 from serial production. It concerns 12-meter buses that will hit the ro…,"Deurne  19 June 2023 - Ebusco (Euronext: EBUS)  a pioneer and frontrunner in the development of electric buses and charging systems  today starts delivery of the first Ebusco 3.0 from serial production. It concerns 12-meter buses that will hit the road in the Hilversum region for Transdev. The delivery marks a new phase towards a production capacity of 3 000 buses per year.With the delivery  Transdev has a Dutch premiere. Made of composite  the Ebusco 3.0 is an absolute game changer in the bus industry. With its lightweight body  the bus is known for its extremely low energy consumption and high range. As the batteries are integrated into the floor  the bus has a low centre of gravity with excellent road handling and optimum comfort. It's not the first time Transdev takes the road with Ebusco buses: in 2020  Transdev already added 156 Ebusco 2.2 buses to its Dutch fleet.Manu Lageirse  CEO at Transdev Nederland  comments: ""With the Ebusco 2.2 buses  we already save around 15 million kilograms of CO 2 every year. We are very proud to take another big step forward in our sustainability strategy by adding the Ebusco 3.0 to our fleet. We have already tested the Ebusco 3.0 extensively and are delighted to finally welcome our passengers in this sustainable bus.""High performance for optimal CO 2 savingsTransdev can rely on extremely high performance with the Ebusco 3.0. The very first Ebusco 3.0 bus has already been running for over a year and a half on line 100 in downtown Munich. In practice  the energy consumption of this bus already proved to be over 30 per cent lower compared to its predecessor (the Ebusco 2.2). At Transdev  the Ebusco 3.0 buses will travel an average of about 110 000 kilometers a year. As a result  over the total contract period  more than 30 million kg of CO 2 will be saved.Launchpad for continued scale-up of productionIn the next few months  the Ebusco 3.0 buses will be delivered in phases. Due to issues in the supply chain  the buses had been waiting for the final parts since the end of last year. The delivery of the first buses from serial production  therefore  marks an important tipping point in Ebusco's ramp-up. In the medium term  the company is targeting a production capacity of 3 000 buses a year.Bob Fleuren  COO at Ebusco  explains: ""We are thrilled to deliver the first buses from serial production in the Netherlands. Besides the usual learning curve when starting a new production line  in particular issues in the supply chain caused the completion of the buses to take longer than expected. However  our team has worked extremely hard over the past few months and we are therefore proud that Transdev can now hit the road with the first Ebusco 3.0 bus. With this first series  a solid foundation has been established for our continued ramp-up  so we expect to make considerable progress in the next few months.""",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['Ebusco N', 'serial production', 'delivery', 'first 3.0', 'absolute game changer', 'total contract period', 'important tipping point', 'usual learning curve', 'optimal CO 2 savings', 'low energy consumption', 'excellent road handling', 'new production line', 'first Ebusco 3.0 bus', 'new phase', 'low centre', 'first time', 'first series', 'charging systems', 'serial production', 'Hilversum region', 'production capacity', 'Dutch premiere', 'lightweight body', 'high range', 'optimum comfort', 'Manu Lageirse', '15 million kilograms', 'big step', 'sustainability strategy', 'High performance', 'downtown Munich', '30 million kg', 'continued scale-up', 'supply chain', 'final parts', 'medium term', 'Bob Fleuren', 'solid foundation', 'considerable progress', 'first buses', 'bus industry', 'sustainable bus', 'electric buses', '12-meter buses', 'a year', 'last year', 'Dutch fleet', 'Ebusco buses', '156 Ebusco 2.2 buses', 'Ebusco 3.0 buses', 'Transdev Nederland', '3,000 buses', 'Deurne', 'Euronext', 'pioneer', 'frontrunner', 'development', 'delivery', 'composite', 'batteries', 'floor', 'gravity', 'CEO', 'passengers', 'practice', 'predecessor', 'average', '110,000 kilometers', 'result', 'Launchpad', 'months', 'phases', 'issues', 'end', 'ramp-up', 'company', 'COO', 'Netherlands', 'particular', 'completion', 'team', 'past']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26381,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690576/0/en/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Final-NAV.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares       The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/05/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 26.7216 £ 23.6475 Final MTD return -1.33 % -1.18 % Final YTD return -3.77 % -3.19 % Final ITD return 167.22 % 136.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'United States', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26382,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Archer-Move-Partnership-from-lsquo-Concept-Phase-to-lsquo-Execution-Phase-44138801/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Stellantis  Archer Move Partnership from ‘Concept Phase' to ‘Execution Phase',(marketscreener.com) Stellantis  Archer Move Partnership from ‘Concept Phase’ to ‘Execution Phase’ Construction is well underway on the world’s first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility in Covington  Georgia  USAExperienced Stellantis personnel …,Stellantis  Archer Move Partnership from ‘Concept Phase’ to ‘Execution Phase’Construction is well underway on the world’s first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility in Covington  Georgia  USAExperienced Stellantis personnel are providing expertise alongside Archer teams to prepare efficient  innovative manufacturing operationsStellantis recently increased its strategic shareholding in Archer through a series of purchases of Archer stock in the open marketArcher’s Midnight aircraft currently featured at the Paris Air ShowPARIS AIR SHOW  LE BOURGET  FRANCE  June 19  2023 - Archer Aviation Inc. (NYSE: ACHR) and Stellantis N.V. today announced progress in their strategic manufacturing partnership at the 2023 Paris Air Show. With construction now well underway on the world’s first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility located on an approximately 100-acre campus in Covington  Georgia  Stellantis recently increased its strategic shareholding through a series of purchases of Archer stock in the open market.“The Stellantis and Archer teams are moving full speed ahead in execution mode to ensure we meet our goal of bringing scalable manufacturing of Archer’s aircraft online in mid-2024 ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “We believe this unique partnership is setting the standard for cross-industry collaboration and continues to be a key pillar of our strategy to ensure Stellantis leads the way the world moves  providing freedom of mobility in all ways. With our trusted teams onsite working shoulder-to-shoulder with Archer  I have no doubt that we are on the right path.”“At Archer  our goal is not just to get to commercialization  but to achieve it at scale. High-volume manufacturing is critical to ensuring we can meet this goal and joining forces with one of the leading mobility companies in the world is helping us realize the once-in-a-generation opportunity we have to redefine urban transportation ” said Archer’s founder and CEO  Adam Goldstein. “I couldn’t be prouder of what we’ve already accomplished with this partnership as we continue to lead the industry in building out manufacturing capabilities.”During the manufacturing ramp-up phase  the goal is to leverage each company’s respective strengths to enable the rapid scaling of aircraft production to meet Archer’s commercialization plans. As the two companies rapidly progress towards bringing this facility online in mid-2024  there are now experienced Stellantis personnel working full time alongside the Archer team  supporting operational readiness with the current focus being on manufacturing automation and component sourcing. Stellantis personnel are now embedded across almost all areas of Archer’s operations  including manufacturing  engineering  supply chain  quality  facilities and human resources.Initial manufacturing operations will be capable of producing up to 650 aircraft per year with room for expansion to support production of up to 2 300 aircraft per year. Manufacturing aircraft at these volumes would make this site the world’s leading aircraft manufacturing facility by volume.# # #About ArcherArcher is designing and developing electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft for use in urban air mobility networks. Archer’s mission is to unlock the skies  freeing everyone to reimagine how they move and spend time. Archer's team is based in Santa Clara  CA.To learn more  visit www.archer.com .About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates.For more information  visit www.stellantis.com .Archer Media ContactsThe Brand Amp - Archer@TheBrandAmp.comStellantis Media ContactsFernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comValerie GILLOT +33 6 83 92 92 96 – valerie.gillot@stellantis.comArcher Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward looking statements regarding Archer’s future business plans  including statements regarding the timing of Archer’s development  commercialization  and certification of its eVTOL aircraft. These forward looking statements are only predictions and may differ materially from actual results due to a variety of factors. The risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted are more fully detailed in Archer’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission  including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K  available at www.sec.gov. In addition  please note that any forward looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that Archer believes to be reasonable as of the date of this press release. Archer undertakes no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.STELLANTIS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.04,0.32,True,English,"['Archer Move Partnership', 'Concept Phase', 'Execution Phase', 'Stellantis', 'first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'leading aircraft manufacturing facility', 'urban air mobility networks', 'efficient, innovative manufacturing operations', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Paris Air Show', 'up to 650 aircraft', 'up to 2,300 aircraft', 'electric vertical takeoff', 'recent Annual Report', 'Initial manufacturing operations', 'leading mobility companies', 'The Brand Amp', 'future business plans', 'manufacturing ramp-up phase', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis Media Contacts', 'High-volume manufacturing', 'strategic manufacturing partnership', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'forward looking statements', 'Archer Aviation Inc.', 'Archer Media Contacts', 'Experienced Stellantis personnel', 'Archer Move Partnership', 'Manufacturing aircraft', 'scalable manufacturing', 'manufacturing capabilities', 'manufacturing automation', 'Midnight aircraft', 'urban transportation', 'landing aircraft', 'leading automakers', 'mobility provider', 'innovative products', 'Euronext Paris', 'Citroën', 'aircraft production', 'two companies', 'The Stellantis', 'Concept Phase', 'Execution Phase', 'strategic shareholding', 'unique partnership', 'open market', 'LE BOURGET', '100-acre campus', 'full speed', 'execution mode', 'cross-industry collaboration', 'key pillar', 'trusted teams', 'right path', 'generation opportunity', 'Adam Goldstein', 'respective strengths', 'rapid scaling', 'operational readiness', 'current focus', 'component sourcing', 'supply chain', 'human resources', 'Santa Clara', 'Euronext Milan', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'press release', 'Exchange Commission', 'Form 10-K', 'sec.gov', 'commercialization plans', 'actual results', 'Archer teams', 'Archer stock', 'Valerie GILLOT', 'Construction', 'world', 'Covington', 'Georgia', 'USA', 'expertise', 'series', 'purchases', 'FRANCE', 'June', 'NYSE', 'ACHR', 'progress', 'goal', 'mid-20', 'standard', 'strategy', 'way', 'freedom', 'shoulder', 'doubt', 'scale', 'forces', 'time', 'areas', 'engineering', 'quality', 'facilities', 'year', 'room', 'expansion', 'volumes', 'site', 'use', 'skies', 'everyone', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'TheBrandAmp', 'fernao', 'timing', 'development', 'certification', 'predictions', 'variety', 'factors', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'filings', 'Securities', 'www', 'addition']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26383,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690103/0/en/Stellantis-Archer-Move-Partnership-from-Concept-Phase-to-Execution-Phase.html,Stellantis  Archer Move Partnership from ‘Concept Phase’ to ‘Execution Phase’,Stellantis  Archer Move Partnership from ‘Concept Phase’ to ‘Execution Phase’  Construction is well underway on the world’s first high-volume eVTOL......,Stellantis  Archer Move Partnership from ‘Concept Phase’ to ‘Execution Phase’Construction is well underway on the world’s first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility in Covington  Georgia  USAExperienced Stellantis personnel are providing expertise alongside Archer teams to prepare efficient  innovative manufacturing operationsStellantis recently increased its strategic shareholding in Archer through a series of purchases of Archer stock in the open marketArcher’s Midnight aircraft currently featured at the Paris Air ShowPARIS AIR SHOW  LE BOURGET  FRANCE  June 19  2023 - Archer Aviation Inc. (NYSE: ACHR) and Stellantis N.V. today announced progress in their strategic manufacturing partnership at the 2023 Paris Air Show. With construction now well underway on the world’s first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility located on an approximately 100-acre campus in Covington  Georgia  Stellantis recently increased its strategic shareholding through a series of purchases of Archer stock in the open market.“The Stellantis and Archer teams are moving full speed ahead in execution mode to ensure we meet our goal of bringing scalable manufacturing of Archer’s aircraft online in mid-2024 ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “We believe this unique partnership is setting the standard for cross-industry collaboration and continues to be a key pillar of our strategy to ensure Stellantis leads the way the world moves  providing freedom of mobility in all ways. With our trusted teams onsite working shoulder-to-shoulder with Archer  I have no doubt that we are on the right path.”“At Archer  our goal is not just to get to commercialization  but to achieve it at scale. High-volume manufacturing is critical to ensuring we can meet this goal and joining forces with one of the leading mobility companies in the world is helping us realize the once-in-a-generation opportunity we have to redefine urban transportation ” said Archer’s founder and CEO  Adam Goldstein. “I couldn’t be prouder of what we’ve already accomplished with this partnership as we continue to lead the industry in building out manufacturing capabilities.”During the manufacturing ramp-up phase  the goal is to leverage each company’s respective strengths to enable the rapid scaling of aircraft production to meet Archer’s commercialization plans. As the two companies rapidly progress towards bringing this facility online in mid-2024  there are now experienced Stellantis personnel working full time alongside the Archer team  supporting operational readiness with the current focus being on manufacturing automation and component sourcing. Stellantis personnel are now embedded across almost all areas of Archer’s operations  including manufacturing  engineering  supply chain  quality  facilities and human resources.Initial manufacturing operations will be capable of producing up to 650 aircraft per year with room for expansion to support production of up to 2 300 aircraft per year. Manufacturing aircraft at these volumes would make this site the world’s leading aircraft manufacturing facility by volume.# # #About ArcherArcher is designing and developing electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft for use in urban air mobility networks. Archer’s mission is to unlock the skies  freeing everyone to reimagine how they move and spend time. Archer's team is based in Santa Clara  CA.To learn more  visit www.archer.com .About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates.For more information  visit www.stellantis.com .Archer Media ContactsThe Brand Amp - Archer@TheBrandAmp.comStellantis Media ContactsFernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comValerie GILLOT +33 6 83 92 92 96 – valerie.gillot@stellantis.comArcher Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward looking statements regarding Archer’s future business plans  including statements regarding the timing of Archer’s development  commercialization  and certification of its eVTOL aircraft. These forward looking statements are only predictions and may differ materially from actual results due to a variety of factors. The risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted are more fully detailed in Archer’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission  including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K  available at www.sec.gov. In addition  please note that any forward looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that Archer believes to be reasonable as of the date of this press release. Archer undertakes no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.STELLANTIS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.04,0.32,True,English,"['Archer Move Partnership', 'Concept Phase', 'Execution Phase', 'Stellantis', 'first high-volume eVTOL aircraft manufacturing facility', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'leading aircraft manufacturing facility', 'urban air mobility networks', 'efficient, innovative manufacturing operations', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Paris Air Show', 'up to 650 aircraft', 'up to 2,300 aircraft', 'electric vertical takeoff', 'recent Annual Report', 'Initial manufacturing operations', 'leading mobility companies', 'The Brand Amp', 'future business plans', 'manufacturing ramp-up phase', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis Media Contacts', 'High-volume manufacturing', 'strategic manufacturing partnership', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'forward looking statements', 'Archer Aviation Inc.', 'Archer Media Contacts', 'Experienced Stellantis personnel', 'Archer Move Partnership', 'Manufacturing aircraft', 'scalable manufacturing', 'manufacturing capabilities', 'manufacturing automation', 'Midnight aircraft', 'urban transportation', 'landing aircraft', 'leading automakers', 'mobility provider', 'innovative products', 'Euronext Paris', 'Citroën', 'aircraft production', 'two companies', 'The Stellantis', 'Concept Phase', 'Execution Phase', 'strategic shareholding', 'unique partnership', 'open market', 'LE BOURGET', '100-acre campus', 'full speed', 'execution mode', 'cross-industry collaboration', 'key pillar', 'trusted teams', 'right path', 'generation opportunity', 'Adam Goldstein', 'respective strengths', 'rapid scaling', 'operational readiness', 'current focus', 'component sourcing', 'supply chain', 'human resources', 'Santa Clara', 'Euronext Milan', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'press release', 'Exchange Commission', 'Form 10-K', 'sec.gov', 'commercialization plans', 'actual results', 'Archer teams', 'Archer stock', 'Valerie GILLOT', 'Construction', 'world', 'Covington', 'Georgia', 'USA', 'expertise', 'series', 'purchases', 'FRANCE', 'June', 'NYSE', 'ACHR', 'progress', 'goal', 'mid-20', 'standard', 'strategy', 'way', 'freedom', 'shoulder', 'doubt', 'scale', 'forces', 'time', 'areas', 'engineering', 'quality', 'facilities', 'year', 'room', 'expansion', 'volumes', 'site', 'use', 'skies', 'everyone', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'TheBrandAmp', 'fernao', 'timing', 'development', 'certification', 'predictions', 'variety', 'factors', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'filings', 'Securities', 'www', 'addition']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26384,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-appoints-bhupender-singh-as-deputy-chief-executive-officer-301853797.html,Teleperformance appoints Bhupender Singh as Deputy Chief Executive Officer,NEW YORK  June 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Bhupender Singh as Deputy Chief Executive Officer. In addition to his current responsibilities of …,"NEW YORK  June 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Bhupender Singh as Deputy Chief Executive Officer. In addition to his current responsibilities of leading the group's digital transformation  Bhupender will work closely with Daniel Julien  Teleperformance Founder  Chairman and CEO to lead the group's Executive Committee  and to manage and develop the group's multiple business services activities around the world. Olivier Rigaudy  Group Chief Financial Officer  will continue serving as Deputy Chief Executive Officer  in charge of finance.Bhupender is a graduate of the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi and the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad. Prior to Teleperformance  he served as the CEO of Intelenet  which was acquired by Teleperformance in 2018. Earlier in his career  Bhupender worked with leading global management consulting firms McKinsey & Company and Booz Allen Hamilton. During the past four years at Teleperformance he has served as President of the group's digital transformation after integrating the Intelenet business into the broader group.Bhupender was also elected as a Director by Teleperformance's shareholders in the meeting held on April 13  2023.""Since Bhupender became part of the Teleperformance group in 2018  he has been an exceptional driving force leading our evolution from being essentially a customer experience management company to becoming a more sophisticated digital integrated business service group "" said Daniel Julien  Chairman and CEO of Teleperformance Group. ""I warmly welcome Bhupender in his new enlarged role. This move further strengthens Teleperformance's corporate leadership and will help our group to sustain the growth of our revenues and profitability at levels significantly above market average.""ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP) is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group's global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.SOURCE Teleperformance",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Bhupender Singh', 'Teleperformance', 'sophisticated digital integrated business service group', 'leading global management consulting firms', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'multiple business services activities', 'Group Chief Financial Officer', 'customer experience management company', 'S&P Europe', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'deferred settlement service', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'digital business services', 'Booz Allen Hamilton', 'past four years', 'new enlarged role', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Euronext Paris market', 'exceptional driving force', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Executive Committee', 'digital transformation', 'global leader', 'global scale', 'Intelenet business', 'NEW YORK', 'corporate leadership', 'Safety services', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'current responsibilities', 'Daniel Julien', 'Olivier Rigaudy', 'Indian Institute', 'Technology Delhi', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'online users', 'brand reputation', 'recruitment process', 'passionate people', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'broader group', 'The Group', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance Founder', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'Teleperformance group', 'Bhupender Singh', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'addition', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'world', 'charge', 'finance', 'graduate', 'Ahmedabad', 'career', 'McKinsey', 'President', 'shareholders', 'meeting', 'April', 'evolution', 'move', 'growth', 'revenues', 'profitability', 'levels', 'average', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'customers', 'Trust', 'range', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', '410,000 inspired', '300 languages', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'area', 'September']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,prnewswire.com
26385,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/Nexans-spearheads-technological-advancement-with-next-generation-high-voltage-cable-for-aerospace-de-44138792/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Nexans spearheads technological advancement with next generation high-voltage cable for aerospace decarbonization,(marketscreener.com) Nexans spearheads technological advancement with next generation high-voltage cable for aerospace decarbonization _PRESS RELEASE_ Nexans launches a new high-voltage cable range for aircraft that aligns with aerospace industry requirements…,Nexans spearheads technological advancement with next generation high-voltage cable for aerospace decarbonization_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans launches a new high-voltage cable range for aircraft that aligns with aerospace industry requirements to be carbon neutral by 2050The new cable range has a higher power density   with partial discharge free operation over a wide range of voltages and altitudesAs part of the “Clean Aviation” partnership  Nexans will play a significant role in reaching the program’s energy efficiency and emissions goals  leading to a potential reduction of up 90% in emissions varying by the type of aircraftParis  June 19  2023 – Nexans  a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services  has launched a new high-voltage cable range for aircraft. With an efficiency higher than the previous generation  this cable family is a decisive step to reaching the carbon neutral objective in the aerospace industry by 2050.The need to consume less fuel is rapidly growing  driving the aerospace industry to change mobility technologies to alternative hybrid-electric aircraft. To support the next generation of aircraft  Nexans new high-voltage cables allow for a higher level of power without increasing the conductor’s diameter and weight.Previewed at the Paris Air Show  Nexans new high-voltage cables for electrical and hybrid aircraft  and E-VTOL (Electrical Vertical Take-Off and Landing Vehicules) fit the requests from the Aerospace industry to reduce its carbon footprint  and the agenda of the French governement and the European commission to develop an innovative solution to integrate electrical and hybrid engines in aircraft.Nexans high-voltage cables are 20 times more efficient than standard aircraft cables. They can be used from 600V to 6 000V (AC  DC  PWM) when the standard aircraft voltages are ranging from 28V DC to 115V or 230 AC. They have higher power density (power/mass)  using a patented design with semi-conductive and high resistivity layers which are extruded as sandwich layers. This guarantees a partial discharge free operation over a wide range of voltages and altitudes. A partial discharge is an electrical discharge that partially bridges a gap between a high-voltage conductor and a low-voltage conductor. Partial discharge causes degradation and can lead to system breakdown.Thomas Hähner  Aerospace Technical Director at Nexans  said : “This new step represents a major advancement for power transmission systems and the development of innovative and sustainable cable solutions in the aerospace sector. Nexans is applying its expertise to the development of multiple new-generation electrical technologies that are an integral part of sustainable flight. We are developing high-voltage cables to pave the way for the reduction of carbon emissions across the sector.“As part of the “Clean Aviation” partnership  Nexans will play a significant role in reaching the program’s energy efficiency and emissions goals  leading to a potential reduction of up 90% in emissions varying by the type of aircraft1.Nexans’ high voltage cables will be produced at its Draveil site in France  which employs 260 people.Meet Nexans at the Paris Air Show from 19 to 2 5 June 2023 – Booth G 77 H all 2BAbout NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91nexans_h@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comEmmanuelle Guyemmanuelle.guy@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.com1 Source : https://www.clean-aviation.eu/programme-overview-and-structureAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['next generation high-voltage cable', 'technological advancement', 'aerospace decarbonization', 'Nexans', 'four main business areas', 'partial discharge free operation', 'multiple new-generation electrical technologies', 'new high-voltage cable range', 'Nexans’ high voltage cables', 'next generation high-voltage cable', 'new high-voltage cables', 'new cable range', 'Clean Aviation” partnership', 'high resistivity layers', 'Thomas Hähner', 'Aerospace Technical Director', 'carbon neutral objective', 'Paris Air Show', 'Electrical Vertical Take-Off', 'higher power density', 'alternative hybrid-electric aircraft', 'Nexans high-voltage cables', 'standard aircraft cables', 'sustainable cable solutions', 'aerospace industry requirements', 'power transmission systems', 'standard aircraft voltages', 'cable systems', 'wide range', 'cable family', 'mobility technologies', 'electrical discharge', 'new step', 'new world', 'Power Generation', 'high-voltage conductor', 'higher level', 'standard sales', 'previous generation', 'sandwich layers', 'aerospace decarbonization', 'carbon footprint', 'sustainable flight', 'safe, sustainable', 'sustainable initiatives', 'carbon neutrality', 'Euronext Paris', 'technological advancement', 'significant role', 'decisive step', 'less fuel', 'Landing Vehicules', 'French governement', 'European commission', 'hybrid engines', 'system breakdown', 'major advancement', 'Draveil site', 'Booth G', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.7 billion euros', 'first company', 'disadvantaged communities', 'compartment A.', 'Mael Evin', 'Emmanuelle Guy', 'Investor relations', 'structure Attachment', 'carbon emissions', 'aerospace sector', 'hybrid aircraft', 'Havas Paris', 'potential reduction', 'low-voltage conductor', 'The Group', 'emissions goals', 'innovative solution', '28V DC', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'energy efficiency', 'patented design', 'integral part', 'altitudes', 'program', 'type', 'leader', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'need', 'diameter', 'weight', 'E-VTOL', 'requests', 'agenda', '600V', '6,000V', 'PWM', '115V', '230 AC', 'power/mass', 'semi-conductive', 'gap', 'degradation', 'development', 'expertise', 'way', 'France', '260 people', 'June', '2B', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Foundation', 'access', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', '1 Source', 'clean-aviation', '19']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26386,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690100/0/en/Nexans-spearheads-technological-advancement-with-next-generation-high-voltage-cable-for-aerospace-decarbonization.html,Nexans spearheads technological advancement with next generation high-voltage cable for aerospace decarbonization,Nexans spearheads technological advancement with next generation high-voltage cable for aerospace decarbonization  _PRESS RELEASE_  Nexans launches a...,English FrenchNexans spearheads technological advancement with next generation high-voltage cable for aerospace decarbonization_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans launches a new high-voltage cable range for aircraft that aligns with aerospace industry requirements to be carbon neutral by 2050The new cable range has a higher power density   with partial discharge free operation over a wide range of voltages and altitudesAs part of the “Clean Aviation” partnership  Nexans will play a significant role in reaching the program’s energy efficiency and emissions goals  leading to a potential reduction of up 90% in emissions varying by the type of aircraftParis  June 19  2023 – Nexans  a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services  has launched a new high-voltage cable range for aircraft. With an efficiency higher than the previous generation  this cable family is a decisive step to reaching the carbon neutral objective in the aerospace industry by 2050.The need to consume less fuel is rapidly growing  driving the aerospace industry to change mobility technologies to alternative hybrid-electric aircraft. To support the next generation of aircraft  Nexans new high-voltage cables allow for a higher level of power without increasing the conductor’s diameter and weight.Previewed at the Paris Air Show  Nexans new high-voltage cables for electrical and hybrid aircraft  and E-VTOL (Electrical Vertical Take-Off and Landing Vehicules) fit the requests from the Aerospace industry to reduce its carbon footprint  and the agenda of the French governement and the European commission to develop an innovative solution to integrate electrical and hybrid engines in aircraft.Nexans high-voltage cables are 20 times more efficient than standard aircraft cables. They can be used from 600V to 6 000V (AC  DC  PWM) when the standard aircraft voltages are ranging from 28V DC to 115V or 230 AC. They have higher power density (power/mass)  using a patented design with semi-conductive and high resistivity layers which are extruded as sandwich layers. This guarantees a partial discharge free operation over a wide range of voltages and altitudes. A partial discharge is an electrical discharge that partially bridges a gap between a high-voltage conductor and a low-voltage conductor. Partial discharge causes degradation and can lead to system breakdown.Thomas Hähner  Aerospace Technical Director at Nexans  said : “This new step represents a major advancement for power transmission systems and the development of innovative and sustainable cable solutions in the aerospace sector. Nexans is applying its expertise to the development of multiple new-generation electrical technologies that are an integral part of sustainable flight. We are developing high-voltage cables to pave the way for the reduction of carbon emissions across the sector.“As part of the “Clean Aviation” partnership  Nexans will play a significant role in reaching the program’s energy efficiency and emissions goals  leading to a potential reduction of up 90% in emissions varying by the type of aircraft1.Nexans’ high voltage cables will be produced at its Draveil site in France  which employs 260 people.Meet Nexans at the Paris Air Show from 19 to 2 5 June 2023 – Booth G 77 H all 2BAbout NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91nexans_h@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comEmmanuelle Guyemmanuelle.guy@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.com1 Source : https://www.clean-aviation.eu/programme-overview-and-structureAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['next generation high-voltage cable', 'technological advancement', 'aerospace decarbonization', 'Nexans', 'four main business areas', 'partial discharge free operation', 'multiple new-generation electrical technologies', 'new high-voltage cable range', 'Nexans’ high voltage cables', 'next generation high-voltage cable', 'new high-voltage cables', 'new cable range', 'Clean Aviation” partnership', 'high resistivity layers', 'Thomas Hähner', 'Aerospace Technical Director', 'carbon neutral objective', 'Paris Air Show', 'Electrical Vertical Take-Off', 'higher power density', 'alternative hybrid-electric aircraft', 'Nexans high-voltage cables', 'standard aircraft cables', 'sustainable cable solutions', 'aerospace industry requirements', 'power transmission systems', 'standard aircraft voltages', 'cable systems', 'wide range', 'cable family', 'mobility technologies', 'electrical discharge', 'new step', 'new world', 'Power Generation', 'high-voltage conductor', 'higher level', 'standard sales', 'previous generation', 'sandwich layers', 'aerospace decarbonization', 'carbon footprint', 'sustainable flight', 'safe, sustainable', 'sustainable initiatives', 'carbon neutrality', 'Euronext Paris', 'English French', 'technological advancement', 'significant role', 'decisive step', 'less fuel', 'Landing Vehicules', 'French governement', 'European commission', 'hybrid engines', 'system breakdown', 'major advancement', 'Draveil site', 'Booth G', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.7 billion euros', 'first company', 'disadvantaged communities', 'compartment A.', 'Mael Evin', 'Emmanuelle Guy', 'Investor relations', 'structure Attachment', 'carbon emissions', 'aerospace sector', 'hybrid aircraft', 'Havas Paris', 'potential reduction', 'low-voltage conductor', 'The Group', 'emissions goals', 'innovative solution', '28V DC', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'energy efficiency', 'integral part', 'altitudes', 'program', 'type', 'June', 'leader', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'need', 'diameter', 'weight', 'E-VTOL', 'requests', 'agenda', '600V', '6,000V', 'PWM', '115V', '230 AC', 'power/mass', 'patented', 'semi-conductive', 'gap', 'degradation', 'development', 'expertise', 'way', 'France', '260 people', '2B', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Foundation', 'access', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', '1 Source', 'clean-aviation', '19']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26387,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-44138376/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 16 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6591 £ 23.6109 Estimated MTD return -0.36 % -0.29 % Estimated YTD return -4.00 % -3.34 % Estimated ITD return 166.59 % 136.11 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 895.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.74 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.0805 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.0445The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26388,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690079/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 16 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6591 £ 23.6109 Estimated MTD return -0.36 % -0.29 % Estimated YTD return -4.00 % -3.34 % Estimated ITD return 166.59 % 136.11 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 895.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.74 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.0805 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.0445The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26389,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/index/FTSE-MIB-INDEX-121229431/news/Futures-weak-in-wake-of-declines-in-Asia-44138744/,Futures weak in wake of declines in Asia,(marketscreener.com) Piazza Affari is expected to open the first trading session of the week down  after disposing of several macro news and decisions by major central banks in the past octave. The FTSE Mib is given down 107.5 points or 0.4 percent after clos…,"(Alliance News) - Piazza Affari is expected to open the first trading session of the week down  after disposing of several macro news and decisions by major central banks in the past octave.The FTSE Mib is given down 107.5 points or 0.4 percent after closing up 0.5 percent at 27 861.80 Friday.London's FTSE 100 is expected down 32.5 points or 0.4 percent  Paris' CAC 40 is shown in the red 36.8 points or 0.5 percent and Frankfurt's DAX 40 is estimated down 92.5 points or 0.6 percent.Among the smaller listings on the Italian Stock Exchange  the Mid-Cap closed up 0.6 percent to 43 806.40 on Friday  the Small-Cap gained 0.1 percent to 27 611.19 and the Italy Growth gave up 0.2 percent to 9 125.26.On Piazza Affari's highest-capitalization basket  A2A's board of directors - up 0.6 percent - passed a framework resolution authorizing the issuance  by April 30  2026  of one or more unsubordinated  unsecured and non-convertible bonds up to an overall maximum of EUR1.65 billion from its EMTN program - established in 2012 - whose overall maximum amount will be increased to EUR7 billion from EUR6 billion.UniCredit closed up 2.2 percent after letting it know Thursday that it intends to support Nusco Spa  a company active in the production and marketing of interior doors and frames made of wood  PVC  aluminum and iron under the ""Nusco"" brand  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market with two loans totaling EUR2.5 million  guaranteed by SACE.SACE's green guarantee  reads a note  is in support of the two loans that will allow the Nola-based company to innovate its production line of wooden frames and install photovoltaic panels.DiaSorin did best of all  up 3.1 percent.Tenaris was tail-end  down 1.2 percent. Eni was also bad  down 0.6 percent  while Saipem closed up 0.2 percent.On the Mid-Cap  after a week-long rally  MFE A shares closed up 1.8 percent while class B shares were down 1.7 percent. It will take at least a couple of weeks  with the opening of Silvio Berlusconi's will  to see how the balance will be adjusted at Fininvest  the Milan-based holding company that controls MFE  Mondadori and 30 percent of Banca Mediolanum  writes Francesco Bonazzi.Meanwhile  Mondadori closed down 0.5 percent and German investee ProsiebenSat closed just above par in Frankfurt. MFE also noted the resignation of Erik Huggers as a member of the supervisory board of ProSiebenSat.1 Media.""The TV company explained that with regard to Klára Brachtlová  proposed by the supervisory board as a possible replacement  ""MFE believes she has the right profile to contribute positively to the future value creation of ProSiebenSat.1 Media in the best interest of all shareholders.""Tamburi Investment Partners -- up 1.7 percent -- announced Thursday that it had sold a 3.98 percent stake in Azimut-Benetti.The transaction took place in the context of a shareholder reorganization of the Azimut-Benetti group as a result of which the Public Investment Fund  Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund  entered the capital of Azimut-Benetti acquiring a 33 percent stake.ENAV - in the red by 0.1 percent - announced Thursday that through its subsidiary IDS AirNav - a leading international company in aeronautical information management systems and flight procedure design - it has signed a contract with ANS CZ  the service provider for air traffic control in the Czech Republic.On the Small-Cap  Tessellis closed 4.0 percent in the red after announcing on Wednesday evening that it had received two expressions of irrevocable commitment from CC & Soci Srl and Drag Srl to subscribe for a portion of the shares from the capital increase approved by the board of directors on May 11  2023.Zucchi's board of directors -- up 0.9 percent -- on Wednesday approved its interim report for the year to March 31  having reported a profit of EUR1.9 million from EUR2.1 million in the same period last year.Somec closed in the red by 0.7 percent. On Friday  it reported that its U.S. subsidiary Fabbrica LLC was awarded a new contract for a 34-story building in New York City. The contract is worth more than USD23 million and consists of the design  manufacture and installation of more than 12 thousand square meters of custom curtain walling intended for a new building to be constructed on Ninth Avenue  an artery on Manhattan's West Side  a few blocks from Madison Square Garden and the Empire State Building.Gabetti finished up 7.6 percent  above all others.Among SMEs  Relatech-which closed up 0.4 percent-announced Friday that it had entered into binding agreements aimed at acquiring the remaining 40 percent of Sigla Srl Group's share capital  for a total of EUR715 000.At the top was Visibilia Editore  up 5.9 percent while on the other side of the list Fenix Entertainment lost more than 23 percent. The company on Thursday evening disclosed that with reference to the first tranche of the convertible bond referred to in the contract signed by Negma Group Investment  the company has received--from Negma--request number 20 for partial conversion of two bonds.In Asia  the Nikkei is down 1.0 percent to 33 383.31  the Shanghai Composite gives up 0.5 percent to 3 257.41 and the Hang Seng loses 1.1 percent to 19 814.33.In New York  the Dow closed Friday down 0.3 percent to 34 299.12  the Nasdaq lost 0.7 percent to 13 689.57 while and the S&P 500 gave up 0.4 percent to 4 409.59.Among currencies  the euro changed hands at USD1.0937 against USD1.0923 on Friday in closing European equities. In contrast  the pound is worth USD1.2821 from USD1.2808 on Friday evening.Among commodities  Brent crude is worth USD75.73 per barrel versus USD75.78 per barrel at Friday's close. Gold  on the other hand  trades at USD1 955.72 an ounce from USD1 957.42 an ounce Friday evening.Monday afternoon's macroeconomic calendar features a number of Canadian macros at 1430 CEST  including the industrial and commodity price index.At 1455 CEST  French BTF auctions will be held.In Piazza Affari  no special events are scheduled.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",negative,0.0,0.08,0.91,mixed,0.38,0.11,0.51,True,English,"['Futures', 'wake', 'declines', 'Asia', 'U.S. subsidiary Fabbrica LLC', 'aeronautical information management systems', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'major central banks', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Klára Brachtlová', 'future value creation', 'Tamburi Investment Partners', 'Public Investment Fund', 'sovereign wealth fund', 'air traffic control', '12 thousand square meters', 'custom curtain walling', 'Madison Square Garden', 'Negma Group Investment', 'first trading session', 'several macro news', 'class B shares', 'New York City', 'Empire State Building', 'The FTSE Mib', 'overall maximum amount', 'flight procedure design', 'Sigla Srl Group', 'Milan-based holding company', 'leading international company', 'MFE A shares', 'Italy Growth', 'new building', 'Alliance News', 'first tranche', 'Soci Srl', 'Drag Srl', '34-story building', 'Piazza Affari', 'past octave', ""Paris' CAC"", 'smaller listings', 'framework resolution', 'non-convertible bonds', 'EMTN program', 'Nusco Spa', 'interior doors', 'Nusco"" brand', 'two loans', 'green guarantee', 'photovoltaic panels', 'week-long rally', 'Silvio Berlusconi', 'Banca Mediolanum', 'Francesco Bonazzi', 'German investee', 'Erik Huggers', 'possible replacement', 'right profile', 'best interest', 'shareholder reorganization', 'Azimut-Benetti group', 'Saudi Arabia', 'IDS AirNav', 'ANS CZ', 'service provider', 'Czech Republic', 'two expressions', 'irrevocable commitment', 'interim report', 'same period', 'Ninth Avenue', 'West Side', 'binding agreements', 'Visibilia Editore', 'other side', 'Fenix Entertainment', 'Thursday evening', 'request number', 'partial conversion', 'two bonds', 'Nola-based company', 'TV company', 'ProSiebenSat.1 Media', 'capital increase', 'share capital', 'new contract', 'production line', 'wooden frames', 'Wednesday evening', 'supervisory board', 'red 36.8 points', '3.98 percent stake', '33 percent stake', 'remaining 40 percent', 'FTSE 100', '0.5 percent', '0.4 percent', '0.6 percent', '0.1 percent', '0.2 percent', '30 percent', '0.9 percent', '0.7 percent', '23 percent', 'decisions', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'DAX', 'Mid-Cap', 'Friday', 'Small-Cap', 'A2A', 'directors', 'issuance', 'April', 'unsecured', 'UniCredit', 'marketing', 'PVC', 'aluminum', 'iron', 'SACE', 'note', 'support', 'DiaSorin', 'Tenaris', 'Saipem', 'couple', 'weeks', 'opening', 'balance', 'Fininvest', 'Mondadori', 'resignation', 'member', 'regard', 'shareholders', 'transaction', 'context', 'result', 'ENAV', 'Tessellis', 'CC', 'portion', 'May', 'year', 'March', 'profit', 'Somec', 'manufacture', 'installation', 'artery', 'Manhattan', 'Gabetti', 'others', 'SMEs', 'total', 'top', 'reference', 'Asia', 'Nikkei', '107.5', '2.5']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26390,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690072/0/en/BioSenic-puts-Phase-IIb-ALLOB-trial-on-hold.html,BioSenic puts Phase IIb ALLOB trial on hold,INSIDE INFORMATION  Prior efficacy unmatched but excellent safety profile confirmed  timing of ALLOB administration for optimal bone repair to......,English FrenchINSIDE INFORMATIONPrior efficacy unmatched but excellent safety profile confirmed  timing of ALLOB administration for optimal bone repair to be reevaluatedMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  June 19th 2023  7.00 am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and bone and cartilage cell repair  today announces the decision to suspend its interventional trial on fracture healing  using the ex-Bone-Therapeutics lead product  ALLOB. This decision follows negative results obtained for the primary endpoint in the exploratory Phase IIb trial (ALLOB IIb)  which focused on safety and treatment timing efficacy.The aim of this Phase IIb study was to evaluate the efficacy of administering ALLOB (derived from mesenchymal stem cells) a couple of days after a bone fracture to accelerate fracture healing. In contrast to the previous successful Phase IIa  where ALLOB was administered after 3.5 to 7 months  in 21 long bone fractures with documented delayed- or non-union  early application of ALLOB did not accelerate the fracture healing process. Lieven Huysse  MD  Chief Medical Officer of BioSenic  further reports: “the current ALLOB Phase IIb study in 57 patients (randomized 1:1 versus placebo) can confirm the excellent safety profile of ALLOB injections  with no reported serious adverse events related to the experimental treatment”. The compilation of the two clinical studies and the pre-clinical data also suggest that the administration of ALLOB  in order to positively influence a complex bone repair process  should be carried out outside the acute early post-traumatic inflammatory period.In short  ALLOB-treatment remains of potential benefit as an add-on to standard of care  at the right time  to improve recovery from extreme bone damage. This should be of great help in either after trauma or after bone surgeries. After difficult fractures  the rate of late non-union varies with fracture location: tibia is the most likely to be affected by non-union. Failure of bone fracture healing  the real target of our cell repair therapy  occurs in 5% to 10% of all patients.BioSenic's clinical activities will now focus on its Phase III cGVHD trial with oral arsenic trioxide (OATO). BioSenic  through the Medsenic company autoimmune disease platform had completed a successful phase II trial targeting cGVHD (chronic Graft vs Host Disease)  with a demonstrated efficacy of more than 75% on the Full Study Population and 84% on the Per Protocol Population. A phase III study is now in the starting blocks to reach the market as quickly as possible  through the framework of an expedite 505(b)(2) FDA regulatory pathway.“BioSenic has chosen to focus resources on its most promising and advanced asset  the Medsenic OATO autoimmune disease platform. As a result  it can concentrate on the late-stage phase III trial of oral arsenic trioxide targeting chronic graft-versus-host disease. A 505 (b)2 procedure is on track with the FDA ” said François Rieger  PhD  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BioSenic. “We want to make this new cGvHD treatment available as quickly as possible for patients who currently have no other serious therapeutic alternative. The decision to halt the clinical development on difficult tibial fractures enables BioSenic to add additional resources for the development of the OATO platform and its current indications.”About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic had initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB was evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis allowed BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  by this mid-June 2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation. Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing a next-generation  off-the-shelf  enhanced viscosupplement  JTA  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid (a natural component of synovial fluid in the knee) and a third active component. JTA or some derivatives intend to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis drastically changes the therapeutic profile of the combined components and allows for better patient targeting in new clinical developments. The company  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 itself will focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) platform.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.11,0.64,True,English,"['Phase IIb ALLOB trial', 'BioSenic', 'hold', 'acute early post-traumatic inflammatory period', 'Medsenic company autoimmune disease platform', 'Medsenic OATO autoimmune disease platform', 'current ALLOB Phase IIb study', 'previous successful Phase IIa', 'successful phase II trial', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'late-stage phase III trial', 'other serious therapeutic alternative', 'exploratory Phase IIb trial', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'Phase III cGVHD trial', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'complex bone repair process', 'phase III study', 'gene therapy platform', 'cell repair therapy', 'leading biotech company', 'ex-Bone-Therapeutics lead product', 'Full Study Population', 'scalable manufacturing process', 'cartilage cell repair', 'clinical stage company', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'serious adverse events', 'oral arsenic trioxide', 'Per Protocol Population', 'François Rieger', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'tissue repair protection', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'single local injection', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'optimal bone repair', 'extreme bone damage', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'mesenchymal stem cells', 'two clinical studies', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'excellent safety profile', 'two main platforms', '21 long bone fractures', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'fracture healing process', 'Prior efficacy unmatched', 'Key target indications', 'new cGvHD treatment', 'bone fracture healing', 'serious autoimmune', 'treatment timing efficacy', 'OATO platform', 'current indications', 'interventional trial', 'ATO) platform', 'early application', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'difficult fractures', 'Host Disease', 'ALLOB IIb', 'organ repair', 'experimental treatment', 'bone surgeries', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'bone regeneration', 'real target', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'new arsenal', 'clinical activities', 'clinical assets', 'bone-forming cells', 'fracture location', 'English French', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'negative results', 'primary endpoint', '3.5 to 7 months', 'Lieven Huysse', 'pre-clinical data', 'potential benefit', 'right time', 'great help', 'starting blocks', 'expedite 505(b', 'advanced asset', '505 (b)2 procedure', 'strategic positionings', 'strong IP', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'Further information', 'healthy donors', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authori', 'clinical development', 'chronic Graft', 'ALLOB injections', 'late non-union', 'additional resources', 'ALLOB administration', 'BioSenic.', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'diseases', 'decision', 'aim', 'days', 'contrast', 'delayed', 'MD', 'reports', '57 patients', 'placebo', 'compilation', 'order', 'ALLOB-treatment', 'standard', 'care', 'recovery', 'Failure', 'demonstrated', 'market', 'framework', 'promising', 'versus', 'track', 'FDA', 'PhD', 'Chairman', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'October', 'strengths', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'use', 'hospitals', 'site', 'injury', '7.00', '1:1']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26391,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-puts-Phase-IIb-ALLOB-trial-on-hold-44138290/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,BioSenic puts Phase IIb ALLOB trial on hold,(marketscreener.com) INSIDE INFORMATION Prior efficacy unmatched but excellent safety profile confirmed  timing of ALLOB administration for optimal bone repair to be reevaluated Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  June 19th 2023  7.00 am CET – BioSenic   the clinica…,INSIDE INFORMATIONPrior efficacy unmatched but excellent safety profile confirmed  timing of ALLOB administration for optimal bone repair to be reevaluatedMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  June 19th 2023  7.00 am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and bone and cartilage cell repair  today announces the decision to suspend its interventional trial on fracture healing  using the ex-Bone-Therapeutics lead product  ALLOB. This decision follows negative results obtained for the primary endpoint in the exploratory Phase IIb trial (ALLOB IIb)  which focused on safety and treatment timing efficacy.The aim of this Phase IIb study was to evaluate the efficacy of administering ALLOB (derived from mesenchymal stem cells) a couple of days after a bone fracture to accelerate fracture healing. In contrast to the previous successful Phase IIa  where ALLOB was administered after 3.5 to 7 months  in 21 long bone fractures with documented delayed- or non-union  early application of ALLOB did not accelerate the fracture healing process. Lieven Huysse  MD  Chief Medical Officer of BioSenic  further reports: “the current ALLOB Phase IIb study in 57 patients (randomized 1:1 versus placebo) can confirm the excellent safety profile of ALLOB injections  with no reported serious adverse events related to the experimental treatment”. The compilation of the two clinical studies and the pre-clinical data also suggest that the administration of ALLOB  in order to positively influence a complex bone repair process  should be carried out outside the acute early post-traumatic inflammatory period.In short  ALLOB-treatment remains of potential benefit as an add-on to standard of care  at the right time  to improve recovery from extreme bone damage. This should be of great help in either after trauma or after bone surgeries. After difficult fractures  the rate of late non-union varies with fracture location: tibia is the most likely to be affected by non-union. Failure of bone fracture healing  the real target of our cell repair therapy  occurs in 5% to 10% of all patients.BioSenic's clinical activities will now focus on its Phase III cGVHD trial with oral arsenic trioxide (OATO). BioSenic  through the Medsenic company autoimmune disease platform had completed a successful phase II trial targeting cGVHD (chronic Graft vs Host Disease)  with a demonstrated efficacy of more than 75% on the Full Study Population and 84% on the Per Protocol Population. A phase III study is now in the starting blocks to reach the market as quickly as possible  through the framework of an expedite 505(b)(2) FDA regulatory pathway.“BioSenic has chosen to focus resources on its most promising and advanced asset  the Medsenic OATO autoimmune disease platform. As a result  it can concentrate on the late-stage phase III trial of oral arsenic trioxide targeting chronic graft-versus-host disease. A 505 (b)2 procedure is on track with the FDA ” said François Rieger  PhD  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BioSenic. “We want to make this new cGvHD treatment available as quickly as possible for patients who currently have no other serious therapeutic alternative. The decision to halt the clinical development on difficult tibial fractures enables BioSenic to add additional resources for the development of the OATO platform and its current indications.”About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic had initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB was evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis allowed BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  by this mid-June 2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation. Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing a next-generation  off-the-shelf  enhanced viscosupplement  JTA  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid (a natural component of synovial fluid in the knee) and a third active component. JTA or some derivatives intend to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis drastically changes the therapeutic profile of the combined components and allows for better patient targeting in new clinical developments. The company  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 itself will focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) platform.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.11,0.63,True,English,"['Phase IIb ALLOB trial', 'BioSenic', 'hold', 'acute early post-traumatic inflammatory period', 'Medsenic company autoimmune disease platform', 'Medsenic OATO autoimmune disease platform', 'current ALLOB Phase IIb study', 'previous successful Phase IIa', 'successful phase II trial', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'late-stage phase III trial', 'other serious therapeutic alternative', 'exploratory Phase IIb trial', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'Phase III cGVHD trial', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'complex bone repair process', 'phase III study', 'gene therapy platform', 'cell repair therapy', 'leading biotech company', 'ex-Bone-Therapeutics lead product', 'Full Study Population', 'scalable manufacturing process', 'cartilage cell repair', 'clinical stage company', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'serious adverse events', 'oral arsenic trioxide', 'Per Protocol Population', 'François Rieger', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'tissue repair protection', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'single local injection', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'optimal bone repair', 'extreme bone damage', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'A 505 (b)2 procedure', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'mesenchymal stem cells', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'excellent safety profile', 'two clinical studies', 'two main platforms', '21 long bone fractures', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'fracture healing process', 'Prior efficacy unmatched', 'Key target indications', 'new cGvHD treatment', 'bone fracture healing', 'serious autoimmune', 'treatment timing efficacy', 'OATO platform', 'current indications', 'interventional trial', 'ATO) platform', 'early application', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'difficult fractures', 'Host Disease', 'ALLOB IIb', 'organ repair', 'experimental treatment', 'bone surgeries', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'bone regeneration', 'real target', 'expedite 505(b', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'new arsenal', 'bone-forming cells', 'clinical data', 'fracture location', 'clinical activities', 'clinical assets', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'negative results', 'primary endpoint', '3.5 to 7 months', 'Lieven Huysse', 'potential benefit', 'right time', 'great help', 'starting blocks', 'advanced asset', 'strategic positionings', 'strong IP', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'Further information', 'healthy donors', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'chronic Graft', 'clinical development', 'ALLOB injections', 'late non-union', 'additional resources', 'ALLOB administration', 'BioSenic.', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'diseases', 'decision', 'aim', 'days', 'contrast', 'delayed', 'MD', 'reports', '57 patients', 'placebo', 'compilation', 'order', 'ALLOB-treatment', 'standard', 'care', 'recovery', 'Failure', 'demonstrated', 'market', 'framework', 'promising', 'track', 'FDA', 'PhD', 'Chairman', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'October', 'strengths', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'use', 'hospitals', 'site', 'injury', 'Europe', '7.00', '1:1']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26392,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/athora-successfully-completes-600m-inaugural-listed-debt-offering-301853724.html,Athora successfully completes €600m inaugural listed debt offering,Successful offering of an inaugural 5-year senior fixed rate notes issuance Strong investor demand with order book exceeding €1bn PEMBROKE  Bermuda  June 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Athora Holding Ltd. (Athora  the Group)  a leading European savings and retireme…,"Successful offering of an inaugural 5-year senior fixed rate notes issuanceStrong investor demand with order book exceeding €1bnPEMBROKE  Bermuda  June 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Athora Holding Ltd. (Athora  the Group)  a leading European savings and retirement services group  today announced the successful completion of its first debt offering in the public capital markets.The transaction is a €600 million senior unsecured fixed rate notes issuance due in 2028. The notes  which are listed on the Global Markets Exchange of Euronext Dublin  are expected to qualify as Tier 3 regulatory capital and receive a BBB+ rating from Fitch Ratings.Accessing public debt capital markets is an important step in Athora's business plan  providing longer-term financing and aligning the Group's capital structure with its long-term savings and retirement services strategy. The issuance further enhances Athora's financial flexibility  adding additional qualifying solvency capital and providing appropriate debt capital funding for the upcoming acquisition from AXA Germany. The funding for the transaction in Germany  which remains subject to regulatory approvals  will be consistent with Athora's rating and leverage targets.Anders Malmstrom  Athora Group Chief Financial Officer  commented: ""The success of this new debt issuance underlines the strength of our business model and financial profile  alongside the continued support of credit investors for the wider Athora Group. The instrument is the first of its kind to be sold to European credit investors and represents an innovation in insurance funding.""For informationCredit Investor Relations: Athora Group Mike Guille [email protected] +44 20 3890 6533 Media Relations: Kate Campbell [email protected] +353 86 406 2472About AthoraAthora is a leading European savings and retirement services group. We concentrate on the large and attractive traditional life and pensions market  with an ambition to become a leading provider of guaranteed savings and pensions products in Europe. We serve the needs of individual and corporate customers who continue to demand products offering safety of returns  and also provide innovative M&A and reinsurance solutions to other insurers seeking to enhance their capital position or enact strategic change. Athora's principal subsidiaries are Athora Netherlands N.V. (Amstelveen  Netherlands)  Athora Belgium N.V./S.A. (Brussels)  Athora Lebensversicherung AG (Wiesbaden  Germany)  Athora Italia S.p.A (Italy) and Athora Life Re Ltd. (Bermuda). At 31 December 2022  Athora had Assets under management and administration (AuMA) of €74 billion  c.1 700 staff and approx. 2.7 million customers.For more information  please visit: www.athora.comLinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/athoragroupSOURCE Athora",positive,0.58,0.39,0.03,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['€600m inaugural listed debt offering', 'Athora', 'inaugural 5-year senior fixed rate notes issuance', '€600 million senior unsecured fixed rate notes issuance', 'Athora Belgium N.V./S.A.', 'Athora Italia S.p.A', 'Athora Group Chief Financial Officer', 'additional qualifying solvency capital', 'Athora Netherlands N.V.', 'public debt capital markets', 'Athora Life Re Ltd', 'appropriate debt capital funding', 'new debt issuance', 'innovative M&A', 'public capital markets', 'attractive traditional life', 'Global Markets Exchange', 'Strong investor demand', 'first debt offering', 'retirement services strategy', 'Athora Holding Ltd', 'Tier 3 regulatory capital', 'retirement services group', 'Athora Lebensversicherung AG', 'leading European savings', 'European credit investors', 'Credit Investor Relations', 'wider Athora Group', '2.7 million customers', 'capital structure', 'capital position', 'financial flexibility', 'financial profile', 'leading provider', 'Successful offering', 'long-term savings', 'regulatory approvals', 'Media Relations', 'guaranteed savings', 'SOURCE Athora', 'insurance funding', 'order book', 'successful completion', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Fitch Ratings', 'important step', 'business plan', 'longer-term financing', 'upcoming acquisition', 'leverage targets', 'Anders Malmstrom', 'business model', 'continued support', 'Mike Guille', 'Kate Campbell', 'pensions market', 'corporate customers', 'reinsurance solutions', 'other insurers', 'strategic change', 'principal subsidiaries', 'c.1,700 staff', 'BBB+ rating', 'pensions products', 'AXA Germany', 'PEMBROKE', 'Bermuda', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'transaction', 'strength', 'instrument', 'kind', 'innovation', 'information', 'large', 'ambition', 'needs', 'individual', 'safety', 'returns', 'Amstelveen', 'Brussels', 'Wiesbaden', 'Italy', '31 December', 'Assets', 'management', 'administration', 'AuMA', 'LinkedIn', 'athoragroup']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,prnewswire.com
26393,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/19/2690492/0/en/PRESS-RELEASE-BIGBEN-DISTRIBUTION-OF-DIVIDEND-IN-KIND-OF-NACON-SHARES.html,PRESS RELEASE: BIGBEN: DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDEND IN KIND OF NACON SHARES,Press release  Lesquin  16 June 2023  6:00 p.m.  Distribution of dividend in kind of Nacon shares...,"Press releaseLesquin  16 June 2023  6:00 p.m.Distribution of dividend in kind of Nacon sharesBIGBEN INTERACTIVE (""BBI"" or the ""Company"") informs its shareholders of the technical details of the distribution of a dividend in kind of NACON (“Nacon”) shares.At the annual general meeting convened for 21 July 2023 (the ""General Meeting"")  BBI’s Board of Directors will ask its shareholders to approve the distribution of a dividend in kind in the form of Nacon shares at the rate of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares held  the terms and conditions of which are described below.This dividend in kind of Nacon shares will be paid on 28 July 2023.The Nacon shares distributed would represent approximately 4.25% of Nacon’s share capital and voting rights.Following this distribution  BBI would retain around 52 917 3581 Nacon shares  representing approximately 60.87% of share capital and 71.48% of voting rights2.BBI shareholders are invited to refer to the 2022 universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 22 June 2022 under number D.22-0545 and the press releases published by Nacon since this date for all information relating to Nacon. These documents are available on Nacon’s website (https://corporate.nacongaming.com/espace-investisseurs/).This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe for any shares of Nacon  or a solicitation to obtain consent or a favourable vote to approve the distribution described in this press release  including in any jurisdiction where such solicitation is not permitted under the laws of that country or territory.United States of AmericaNo shares  securities or other instruments may be offered  sold or transferred in the United States of America unless they are registered or exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. The Nacon shares that are the subject of the distribution in kind have not been and will not be registered in the United States of America under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the distribution in kind has not been approved or refused by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any other state securities commission in the United States of America  and neither such commissions nor the SEC has reviewed the accuracy or adequacy of this report. Any representation to the contrary may be a criminal offence in the United States of America.Member States of the European Economic AreaThis report does not constitute a prospectus or any other offering document within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and should not be relied upon as containing all the information necessary for a potential investor to evaluate the suitability of an investment in BBI or Nacon or to be included in a prospectus prepared in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).1. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DIVIDEND IN KIND1.1. Features of the Distribution in KindBBI holds 56 616 0033 Nacon shares  representing  based on the number of shares and voting rights comprising Nacon’s share capital as at 31 May 2023  65.12% of share capital and 74.83% of voting rights. The shares comprising the share capital of Nacon are ordinary shares  all of the same class  fully paid up  and admitted to trading on compartment B of the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013482791.At the General Meeting  BBI shareholders will be asked to vote on the distribution of a dividend in kind represented by Nacon shares at the rate of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares held  subject to the Ceiling (as defined below) (the ""Distribution in Kind"").Based on the information available as at 31 May 2023  the Distribution in Kind would therefore relate to approximately 3 698 645 Nacon shares4 (out of the 56 616 003 Nacon shares held by BBI as at that date  representing around 6.5% of the Nacon shares held by BBI). Upon completion of the Distribution in Kind  assuming that the exchange ratio of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares remains unchanged  BBI would retain around 52 917 358 Nacon Shares  representing 60.87% of share capital5 and 71.48% of voting rights.The ex-dividend date will be 26 July 2023 and the Distribution in Kind will be paid on 28 July 2023 (the “Payment Date”).The Distribution in Kind will benefit all BBI shareholders whose shares have been registered in their name at the end of the trading day preceding the Payment Date  i.e. 27 July 2023 (the “Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind”). BBI shares bought on Euronext up to 25 July 2023 inclusive will also be eligible for the Distribution in Kind (the “Record Date”).In the event of a division of the ownership of Nacon shares  the beneficiary of the Distribution in Kind will be the bare owner (nu-propriétaire)  unless otherwise agreed. Shareholders are advised to consult their usual advisor on these matters.BBI shares held in treasury on the Record Date will not be entitled to the Distribution in Kind.The amount corresponding to the Distribution in Kind:(i) will be determined by multiplying the number of Nacon shares distributed (whether delivered to BBI shareholders or sold as fractional shares) by the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date;(ii) will be charged to ""Retained Earnings""  it being specified it will be proposed at the General Meeting that all net income for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 be allocated to “Retained earnings”; and(iii) may not exceed the amount of the net income for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 and retained earnings  i.e. a total net amount estimated at EUR 32 154 399 (the ""Ceiling"").In the event that the amount of the Distribution in Kind exceeds this Ceiling  the Board of Directors of BBI shall have full powers to adjust the aforementioned exchange ratio so that the amount distributed does not exceed the Ceiling. This would be the case if the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date exceeded EUR 8.69 based on a maximum distributable amount of EUR 32 154 399 and on the assumption that around 3 698 645 Nacon shares would be distributed.BBI will issue a press release on the morning of the Payment Date once the opening price of the Nacon shares is ascertained  to confirm the exchange ratio for the Distribution in Kind and  in the event that the exchange ratio is adjusted  to inform shareholders of any potential changes to the timetable for the Distribution in Kind.Rights forming fractional shares shall not be tradable or assignable. Accordingly  if the allocation to which a shareholder is entitled by application of the exchange ratio applied is not a whole number of Nacon shares (i.e. a holding of fewer than five (5) BBI shares or not corresponding to a multiple of five (5))  the shareholder shall receive the number of Nacon shares immediately below this amount  together with a cash payment for the balance  the amount of which will be calculated on the basis of the price at which the Nacon shares corresponding to the fractional shares will have been sold. Shareholders holding fewer than five (5) BBI shares on the evening of the Record Date will therefore only receive a cash payment.For illustrative purposes only and assuming a theoretical opening price of the Nacon shares of EUR 2.256:a shareholder holding 4 BBI shares would not receive any Nacon shares but just a balancing payment  the amount of which will depend on the date the Centralising Bank or its financial institution  as the case may be  sells the fractional shares to which it is entitled; anda shareholder holding 6 BBI shares would receive one (1) Nacon share and a balancing payment for the remainder  the amount of which will depend on the date the Centralising Bank or its financial institution  as the case may be  sells the fractional shares to which it is entitled.1.2. Timetable for the Distribution in KindThe indicative timetable for the Distribution in Kind is as follows:16 June 2023 Publication of the first meeting notice (avis de réunion) in the BALO (French official bulletin of legal notices) 5 July 2023 Publication of the second meeting notice (avis de convocation) in the BALO convening the General Meeting 19 July 2023 Start of the suspension period of the liquidity agreement 21 July 2023 General Meeting 26 July 2023 Ex-dividend date of the Distribution in Kind 27 July 2023 Record Date 28 July 2023 Payment Date of the Distribution in KindEnd of the suspension period of the liquidity agreement2. PAYMENT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KINDThe payment of the Distribution in Kind will take place as of the Payment Date  i.e. 28 July 2023  in accordance with the conditions specified below.The bank responsible for the centralisation in connection with the Distribution in Kind (the ""Centralising Bank"") is Uptevia  9 rue du Débarcadère - 93761 Pantin Cedex.For Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding BBI shares in bearer or administered registered form:the Centralising Bank will credit  via Euroclear France  each financial institution holding an account (i) on the Payment Date  the whole number of Nacon shares corresponding to its position in BBI shares duly registered with Euroclear France at the end of the Record Date  applying the exchange ratio of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares registered in the account of the financial institution holding the relevant account and (ii) the amount of the cash balancing payment due to this financial institution holding the account  as of the sale of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after distribution between the financial institutions holding the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares;following which  each of the account-holding financial institutions will credit each of its clients first with (i) the whole number of Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares registered in its books in the name of the client concerned and then (ii) the amount of the cash balancing payment due to this client  the amount of which will be based on the sale price of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after distribution of the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares between its clients.For Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding their BBI shares in issuer registered form:the Centralising Bank  acting as financial institution in charge of keeping the register of issuer registered shareholders  will (i) credit  as of the Payment Date  the account of each of the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding issuer registered BBI shares with the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares held in issuer registered form by the Beneficiary concerned and (ii) credit the accounts of each of the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind concerned with the net amount of the balancing payment due  if applicable  the amount of which will be based on the sale price of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after the distribution between the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind of the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares.The Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind  regardless of how BBI shares are held  must pay  as the case may be  to their authorised financial intermediary or to BBI  through Uptevia  social security contributions and/or the flat rate tax or withholding tax payable in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Where applicable  the authorised financial intermediary responsible for maintaining the bearer or administered registered share accounts  or BBI  through Uptevia  responsible for maintaining the issuer registered share accounts  may sell the number of Nacon shares necessary to pay social security contributions and/or flat rate tax or withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind.Shareholders who wish to sell the Nacon shares received under the Distribution in Kind should contact their usual financial advisor and/or their financial institution holding the account.3. TAX TREATMENT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KIND7The following discussion summarises the French tax consequences that may apply to BBI shareholders as a result of the Distribution in Kind  based on the legislation in force at this time. The rules described below are subject to change and new laws or regulations could be retroactive or apply to the current calendar or financial year.BBI shareholders are advised that the tax information contained in this Section 3 is only a summary of the tax provisions applicable under current legislation and is provided for general information purposes only. Accordingly  the tax information below does not constitute a comprehensive description of all tax impacts that may apply to BBI shareholders as a result of the Distribution in Kind.BBI shareholders are advised to consult their usual tax advisor on the tax consequences applicable to their particular circumstances.In addition  persons who are not French tax residents must refer to (i) the provisions of the applicable tax treaty concluded between their own State of residence and France; (ii) the provisions of French tax legislation; and (iii) the legislation of their State of residence and/or nationality that may apply to them so that they may determine their applicable tax regime. These persons should seek advice from their usual tax advisor regarding the applicable tax treatment for the Distribution in Kind.3.1. Shareholders with tax residence in France3.1.1. Natural persons holding BBI shares as part of their private assets and not carrying out stock market transactions under conditions similar to those characterising an activity carried out by a person professionally engaged in such transactions3.1.1.1. 12.8% withholding taxPursuant to Article 117c of the French Tax Code (CGI)  subject to the exceptions mentioned below  natural persons domiciled in France are subject to a mandatory 12.8% non-final withholding tax (prélèvement forfaitaire non libératoire or “PFNL”) on the gross amount of distributed income.This withholding is made by the paying agent of the income when located in France.When the paying agent of the income is established outside of France  the income is declared and the corresponding withholding tax is paid within the first 15 days of the month following the month of the payment of the income  either by the taxpayer him/herself or by the paying agent  when that entity is established in a Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France to combat tax evasion and tax fraud and has received instructions to this effect by the taxpayer. BBI shareholders who find themselves in this situation should contact their financial intermediary to find out what processes they will put into place in this respect.Natural persons belonging to a tax household whose reference taxable income (revenu fiscal de référence) for the second-to-last tax year  as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  is less than EUR 50 000 for taxpayers who are single  divorced or widowed  or EUR 75 000 for couples filing jointly  may request an exemption from this withholding tax in accordance with Article 242c of the French Tax Code by providing the paying agent  no later than 30 November of the year preceding the year of the payment of the distributed income  with a sworn statement that the reference taxable income shown on the tax notice issued in respect of the second-to-last year preceding the year of payment was below the above-mentioned taxable income thresholds.When the paying agent is established outside France  only natural persons belonging to a tax household whose reference taxable income for the penultimate year  as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  is equal to or more than the amounts mentioned in the previous paragraph are subject to this tax.The withholding tax does not apply to income related to BBI shares held in French share savings plans (Plan d’Épargne en Actions or “PEA”) subject to compliance with the conditions of application of the plan specific to the PEA.3.1.1.2. Income taxThe final taxation of dividends is determined based on the information reported in the income tax return filed the year following the year in which the dividend income is received.Pursuant to 1 of the Article 200 A of the French Tax Code  dividends are  in principle  subject to the 12.8% single flat rate of withholding tax (prélèvement forfaitaire unique or “PFU”).Pursuant to Article 193 of the French Tax Code  the 12.8% PFNL non-final withholding tax may be credited against income tax due in respect of the year in which it was paid. Where it exceeds income tax due  the surplus is refunded.In practice  alignment of current PFU and PFNL rates at 12.8% is equivalent to paying withholding tax at source.Pursuant to Article 200 A (2) of the French Tax Code  by way of derogation from application of the PFU  taxpayers wishing to do so may expressly  generally and irrevocably opt to be subject to the sliding scale of income tax.Pursuant to Article 158 of the French Tax Code  dividends must be included in the shareholder’s total taxable income as investment income (revenus de capitaux mobiliers) in respect of the year during which it is received. The option is exercised each year when filing the tax return and no later than the filing deadline. Dividends then benefit from an unlimited tax allowance of 40% on the amount of distributed income (“40% Allowance”). The option of the sliding scale of income tax applies on an annual basis to all investment income and capital gains subject to the above-mentioned flat-rate tax of 12.8% and realised in respect of the same year.If the BBI shares are held in a French share savings plan (PEA)  dividends and similar distributed income are exempt from income tax  subject to compliance with the terms and conditions applicable to the PEA.3.1.1.3. Social security contributionsRegardless of whether or not the 12.8% PFNL is applicable  the gross amount of income distributed by BBI (before application of the 40% Allowance when the shareholder has opted for the sliding scale of taxation) will also be subject to social security contributions at an overall rate of 17.2%  broken down as follows:✓ general social security contribution (contribution sociale généralisée or “CSG”) at a rate of 9.2%;✓ social debt repayment contribution (contribution pour le remboursement de la dette sociale  “CRDS”) at a rate of 0.5%; and✓ solidarity levy at a rate of 7.5%.These social security contributions are not deductible from income subject to the PFU. When income is subject to the sliding scale upon election  up to 6.8% of the 9.2% CSG can be deducted from taxable income for the year it is paid.Shareholders should consult their usual tax advisor to determine the tax reporting obligations and payment rules that may apply to them in respect of the PFNL and social security contributions.3.1.1.4. Payment of the PFNL withholding tax and social security contributionsBeneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind shall pay  as the case may be  to their authorised financial intermediary or to BBI  through Uptevia  social security contributions and/or flat rate tax or withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Where applicable  the authorised financial intermediary responsible for maintaining the bearer or administered registered share accounts or BBI  through Uptevia  responsible for maintaining issuer registered accounts  may sell the number of Nacon shares required to pay social security contributions and/or the PNFL withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind.3.1.1.5. Exceptional contribution for high-income earnersPursuant to Article 223e of the French Tax Code  taxpayers subject to personal income tax are liable for a contribution based on the amount of the tax household’s reference taxable income as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  without any application of the quotient rules defined in Article 163-0 A of the French Tax Code. Reference income includes distributed income and dividends received by the taxpayers concerned (before the 40% Allowance when the shareholder has opted for taxation under the sliding scale). This contribution is calculated by applying the following rates:✓ 3% of the portion of reference taxable income between EUR 250 000 and EUR 500 000 for single  widowed  separated or divorced taxpayers  and the portion of taxable income between EUR 500 000 and EUR 1 000 000 for couples filing jointly;✓ 4% of the portion of reference taxable income above EUR 500 000 for single  widowed  separated or divorced taxpayers  and the portion of taxable income above EUR 1 000 000 for couples filing jointly.3.1.2. Legal entities subject to corporate income tax (under standard rules)3.1.2.1. Legal entities without the status of a parent company (société mère) in FranceLegal entities  other than those having parent company (société mère) status within the meaning of Article 145 of the French Tax Code  should include dividends and distributed income received in their taxable income subject to the ordinary corporate tax rate. An additional 3.3% social security contribution may also apply  based on the corporate income tax charge  after a deduction of up to EUR 763 000 for each twelve-month period (Article 235 ter ZC of the French Tax Code).However  pursuant to Article 219 I-b of the French Tax Code  for legal entities with annual revenue of less than EUR 10 000 000 (excluding taxes)  and whose share capital is fully paid up and at least 75% continuously held throughout the relevant financial year by natural persons or by a company meeting all these conditions  the corporate income tax rate is set at 15% for the first EUR 42 500 of taxable income for each twelve-month period. In addition  these legal entities are exempted from the aforementioned 3.3% social security contribution.3.1.2.2. Legal entities qualifying as a parent company (société mère) in FranceLegal entities holding at least 5% of BBI’s share capital and voting rights and which meet the conditions set out in Articles 145 and 216 of the French Tax Code may benefit  upon election  from a dividend and distributed income exemption under the parent-subsidiary regime.However  subsection I of Article 216 of the French Tax Code provides for the inclusion  in taxable income subject to corporate income tax at the standard rate of the beneficiary  of a charge for costs and expenses set  under the current legislation  at 5% of total proceeds from shareholdings  tax credits included.3.1.2.3. Other shareholdersBBI shareholders subject to a tax system other than those referred to above  in particular taxpayers whose securities transactions goes beyond simple portfolio management or who have recorded their shares as assets on their business balance sheet  should consult their own tax advisors to determine the provisions that apply to their particular circumstances.3.2. Shareholders with tax residence outside FranceUnder French law as it currently stands and subject to the possible application of international tax treaties  the following discussion summarises certain French tax consequences that may apply to investors (i) who are not French tax residents within the meaning of Article 4 B of the French Tax Code or whose registered office is located outside France and (ii) whose ownership of shares cannot be traced back to a fixed base or permanent establishment subject to taxation in France. Such persons should consult their usual tax advisor regarding the taxation applicable to their particular circumstances and comply with the tax legislation in force in their State of residence and/or nationality.The Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind will have to pay the withholding tax to their paying agent  subject to the provisions of the international tax treaties that may be applicable and to the exceptions mentioned below  when the tax residence or the registered office of the beneficial owner is outside France. Consequently  the amount of the withholding tax shall be made available to the paying agent prior to delivery of the shares.If necessary  the paying agent may sell the number of Nacon shares necessary to pay the applicable withholding taxes.BBI shareholders should contact their financial intermediary to find out the processes that will be put in place by the latter for this purpose.Subject to what is set forth below and the completion of the formalities necessary for the elimination or limitation of the rate of withholding tax at source that may be payable  the rate of this withholding tax is set  in particular  at:✓ 12.8% by Article 187 (1) (2) of the French Tax Code where the beneficiary is a natural person; and✓ 15% where the beneficiary is a non-profit organisation that has its registered office in a Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France for the purpose of combating tax evasion and tax fraud  that would be taxed according to the treatment referred to in Article 206-5 of the French Tax Code if it had its registered office in France and meets the criteria provided for by paragraphs 580 et seq. of the version of 25 March 2013 of the administrative guidelines BOI-IS-CHAMP-1050-10-40.This withholding tax is also applicable to any payment made for the benefit of a non-resident in the context of a temporary assignment or a similar transaction giving the right or obligation to return or resell the shares or other rights relating to these shares. In accordance with Article 119 bis A  1 of the French Tax Code  the temporary or similar transaction must be carried out for a period of less than forty-five days  including the date the right to the distribution of the proceeds of the shares is acquired. If the beneficiary of the payment provides proof that it corresponds to a transaction that has primarily a purpose and effect other than avoiding the application of withholding tax or obtaining a tax benefit  they will be able to obtain reimbursement of the withholding tax  which will be definitely undue to the tax department of the beneficiary’s domicile or head office.Regardless of the location of the beneficiary’s tax residence or registered office  income distributed by BBI outside France to a ""non-cooperative"" State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Tax Code is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 75%.The list of non-cooperative states and territories is published by ministerial order and updated annually. The list updated by the ministerial order dated 3 February 2023 (published in the Official Journal of the French Republic (JORF) dated 5 February 2023) includes the following States and territories: British Virgin Islands  Anguilla  Panama  Seychelles  Bahamas  Turks and Caicos  Vanuatu  Fiji  Guam  US Virgin Islands  Palau  American Samoa  Samoa  Trinidad and Tobago.If States or territories were to be blacklisted by the European Union because they facilitate the creation of offshore structures or devices  they would also be affected by the application of the 75% withholding tax from the date the ministerial order is amended accordingly  in accordance with Article 238-0 A 2 (1) of the French Tax Code.Investors who may be affected by this measure and those who are domiciled or established in a non-cooperative State or territory should seek the advice of their usual tax advisor to determine the tax treatment applicable to them.Shareholders that are legal entities with their place of effective management in a Member State of the European Union may benefit from a withholding tax exemption if they hold at least 10% of BBI’s share capital and otherwise meet all the conditions of Article 119b of the French Tax Code. In addition  subject to meeting the conditions specified in the version of 7 June 2016 of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-30-20-40  legal entities that hold at least 5% of BBI’s share capital may  subject to certain conditions  benefit from a withholding tax exemption if their place of effective management is located either in another Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered an agreement with France to avoid double taxation which includes an administrative assistance clause to combat tax fraud and evasion. Legal entity shareholders who may be affected by this measure should consult their usual tax advisor to determine the tax treatment applicable to them.Furthermore  and subject to payment in a non-cooperative State or territory as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Tax Code  withholding tax is not applicable pursuant to Article 119a (2) of the French Tax Code to dividends paid to collective investment undertakings governed by foreign law  located in a Member State of the European Union or another State that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France for the purpose of combating tax evasion and tax fraud  and which meet the following two conditions:✓ raising capital from a certain number of investors for the purpose of investing it in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of such investors  pursuant to a defined investment policy; and✓ having features similar to those required of collective undertakings governed by French law under section 1  paragraphs 1  2  3  5 and 6 of subsection 2  subsection 3  or sub-section 4 of section 2 of Chapter IV of the 1st Title of Book II of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).The terms of this exemption are set out in the version of 6 October 2021 of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-30-20-70.Finally  withholding tax may be reduced or even eliminated pursuant to tax treaties signed by France.Accordingly  it is the responsibility of BBI shareholders to consult their usual tax advisors to determine whether they are likely to qualify for a reduction to or exemption from the withholding tax by virtue of the preceding principles or provisions of international tax treaties and to determine the formalities to be complied with to benefit from these treaties  including those provided for by the version of 12 September 2012 of administrative guidelines BOI-INT-DG-20-20-20-20 relating to the “standard” or “simplified” procedure for reduction of or exemption from withholding tax.4. IMPACT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KIND ON BBI’S EQUITY  NET INCOME AND NET DEBT4.1. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on the BBI Group’s consolidated equityFollowing the Distribution in Kind  BBI will retain sole control over Nacon. Therefore  in accordance with the IFRS standards in accordance with which the Bigben Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared  the Distribution in Kind will be treated as a disposal of minority assets with no impact on the control of Nacon and will be treated for accounting purposes as a transaction between shareholders and thus recognised as equity.The Distribution in Kind will result in a reduction in BBI’s consolidated equity on the payment date equal to (i) the number of Nacon shares distributed multiplied by the opening price of the Nacon shares on the payment date of the Distribution in Kind  minus (ii) the recognition of a capital gain on the disposal of shares net of tax (with no impact on the Income Statement) resulting from the difference between the Distribution in Kind and the share of the net assets of the Nacon shares transferred to the shareholders  net of the taxes recorded at the time of the Distribution in Kind.The impact of this transaction and of the change in Nacon’s share price on BBI’s consolidated equity compared to the consolidated balance sheet at 31 March 2023  can therefore be summarised as follows:Number of outstanding BBI shares BBI equity (in EUR millions) BBI equity per share(in EUR per share) Situation at 31 March 20238 18 495 9609218.7 11.8 Impact of the Distribution in Kind Distribution in Kind -8.3 -0.4 Capital gain net of tax (without no impact on the Income Statement) -2.1 -0.1 Situation post-Distribution in Kind 208.2 11.34.2. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on BBI’s consolidated net incomeAs there is no loss of control of Nacon by BBI  the Distribution in Kind will not have a material impact on BBI’s consolidated net income.4.3. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on BBI’s net debtThe Distribution in Kind has no impact on BBI’s net debt  except for taxes due in respect of this debt.The distribution of a cash balancing payment to shareholders who do not hold a number of BBI shares entitling them to a whole number of Nacon shares will have an immaterial impact on BBI’s consolidated net debt.5. RISK FACTORSThese risk factors should be carefully considered.5.1. Specific risk factors related to the Distribution in KindThe main risk factors related to the Distribution in Kind are set out below. BBI shareholders should be aware that the list of risks presented below is not exhaustive and that other additional risks may exist that are unknown or the realisation of which as of the date of this press release is not considered likely to have an adverse effect on the Distribution in Kind:in the event that the Distribution in Kind exceeds the Ceiling  the Board of Directors will have to make the necessary adjustment to the exchange ratio so that the amount distributed does not exceed the Ceiling; this would be the case if the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date exceeded EUR 8.69  based on a maximum distributable amount of EUR 32 154 399 and assuming that 3 698 645 Nacon shares would be distributed  it being specified that in the event of the exchange ratio being adjusted  the timetable of the Distribution in Kind could change;BBI shareholders could sell the Nacon shares they receive in connection with the Distribution in Kind  which could create downward pressure on Nacon’s share price;Nacon’s share price could fall after the Distribution in Kind; andtax laws and regulations may change unfavourably compared with the current tax system.5.2. Risk factors relating to Nacon and its businessThe main risk factors relating to Nacon and its business are described in Nacon’s universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 22 June 2022 under number D.22-0545  which BBI shareholders are invited to consult.Next events:Annual General Meeting: 21 July 2023Q1 2023-24 sales: 24 July 2023 after market closeABOUT BIGBEN INTERACTIVE2022-23 SALES€283.5mHEADCOUNTOver 1 300 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution network in more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben is a European player in video game development and publishing  design and distribution of smartphone and gaming accessories  as well as audio/video products. The Group  which is recognised for its capacities in terms of innovation and creativity  intends to become one of the leading names in Europe in each of its markets.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index: CAC Mid & Small – Eligible for Long SRDISIN: FR0000074072; Reuters: BIGPA; Bloomberg: BIGFPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 011 Of which 3 555 937 Nacon shares were loaned to BNP Paribas for hedging purposes as part of the bond issue by Bigben Interactive (refer to note 2.2.4 of the appendices to the consolidated financial statements appearing in the Universal registration document filed by Bigben Interactive on 27 June 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under number D.22-0553).2 on the basis of the number of shares and voting rights making up Nacon’s capital at 31 May 2023.3 Of which 3 555 937 Nacon shares were loaned on 12 February 2021 to BNP Paribas for hedging purposes as part of the bond issue by BBI (refer to note 2.2.4 of the appendices to the consolidated financial statements appearing in the Universal registration document filed by BBI on 27 June 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under number D.22-0553).4 This number is obtained by multiplying the number of BBI shares entitled to the Distribution in Kind  i.e. 18 493 221 BBI shares (18 529 960 shares making up BBI’s share capital  less 36 739 treasury shares)  by the exchange ratio of 1 Nacon share for every 5 BBI shares  based on the theoretical assumption that there are no fractional shares.5 on the basis of the number of shares and voting rights making up Nacon’s share capital at 31 May 2023.6 The theoretical stock market price used for the above examples (namely 2.25 euros per Nacon share) is the closing price of the Nacon share on May 31  20237 Fractional shares will be subject to the same tax regime as specified here.8 On the basis of BBI’s consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 March 2023 as approved by the Board of Directors on 30 May 2023.9 Number of shares making up BBI’s share capital less treasury shares as at 31 September 2023.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.0,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', 'NACON SHARES', 'BIGBEN', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'DIVIDEND', 'KIND', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'other state securities commission', 'European Economic Area', 'other offering document', '2022 universal registration document', 'annual general meeting', 'Press release Lesquin', 'one (1) Nacon share', 'five (5) BBI shares', 'The Nacon shares', 'other instruments', 'Exchange Commission', 'share capital', 'press releases', 'BIGBEN INTERACTIVE', 'technical details', 'voting rights', 'favourable vote', 'United States', 'criminal offence', 'Member States', 'potential investor', 'same class', 'compartment B', 'ISIN code', 'exchange ratio', 'trading day', 'bare owner', 'propriétaire', 'usual advisor', 'ordinary shares', '3,698,645 Nacon shares4', '52,917,3581 Nacon shares', '56,616,0033 Nacon shares', '56,616,003 Nacon shares', '358 Nacon Shares', 'ex-dividend date', 'Payment Date', 'Record Date', 'Euronext Paris', 'BBI shareholders', '16 June', 'Distribution', 'kind', 'Company', '21 July', 'Board', 'Directors', 'form', 'rate', 'terms', 'conditions', '28 July', '22 June', 'number', 'documents', 'website', 'nacongaming', 'solicitation', 'consent', 'jurisdiction', 'laws', 'country', 'territory', 'America', 'subject', 'commissions', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'report', 'representation', 'contrary', 'prospectus', 'meaning', 'Regulation', 'suitability', 'investment', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Features', '31 May', 'market', 'Ceiling', 'completion', 'name', 'Beneficiaries', '25 July', 'event', 'division', 'ownership', 'beneficiary', 'matters', 'treasury', '6:00', '1.']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,globenewswire.com
26394,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/06/19/barryroe-to-call-in-liquidator-after-ministers-lease-refusal/,Barryroe to call in liquidator after minister’s lease refusal,Company says it will continue to pursue funding solutions up to date of EGM as it suspends trading in shares,Eamon Ryan opted against giving Barryroe the lease allowing it to drill an area 50km off the south coast. Photograph: Finbarr O’RourkeBarryroe Offshore Energy has suspended trading in its shares and announced its intention to wind down the business after discontinuing a plan to raise €20 million in working capital following what it called the Minister for the Environment  Eamon Ryan’s  “surprising” refusal to allow it continue drilling for oil off the Cork coast.The country has “lost an opportunity” to improve its energy security and reduce emissions associated with importing oil  the company’s chairman said in a statement  after trading in Barryroe’s shares was suspended in Dublin and London  pending the outcome of an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) to appoint a liquidator.In an update on June 8th  Barryroe said it had €176 000 of working capital left  enough to continue operations for another three weeks  after the Minister refused to extend a lease undertaking to the company  allowing it to drill an area 50 kilometres off the south coast calculated to contain at least 278 million barrels of oil.On Monday  however  the company said that it intends to initiate an “orderly wind down of the business through a creditors voluntary liquidation”.READ MOREWhile it said that it will pursue funding solutions up to the date of the EGM in July  Barryroe said there was no guarantee that these discussions would be successful.The company said that it will suspend trading in its ordinary shares on London’s AIM and the Euronext Growth markets from Monday morning. Trading will remain suspended until the funding situation is resolved or the liquidation is complete  “in which case the admission of the company’s shares will be cancelled”.Aimed at allaying concerns at the Department of the Environment about Barryroe’s ability to finance drilling at the site  the company secured €40 million in funding from beef magnate Larry Goodman last November. In May  however  the Minister informed Barryroe of his decision to decline the application as it did not comply with guidelines requiring businesses seeking such leases to have net tangible assets of 3.5 times the likely cost of the planned work.Thanking shareholders for their support  Barryroe’s chairman  Peter Newman  said in a statement on Monday that it has been “a disappointing and deeply frustrating time” for the company.[ Barryroe axes €20m fundraising plan after ‘surprising’ licence refusal ]“The funding solution put in place in November 2022 secured €40 million held on deposit in escrow  ready to drawdown as needed  sufficient to fully cover the costs of the proposed appraisal programme ” he said. “Notwithstanding that secured funding  in assessing the company’s financial capability to deliver this commitment  the Minister has seen fit to apply his discretion  relying on reference to one  non-mandatory ‘financial capability guideline’  arguably inconsistent with the limited scope of the work  thereby denying all efforts to progress appraisal of the Barryroe oil and gasfield.“In consequence  the country has lost an opportunity to improve Ireland’s energy security  to reduce the emissions associated with importing oil and gas  to provide employment and future tax revenues and to diversify the country’s sources of primary energy supply. All at no cost to the public purse.”Mr Ryan’s Department denied last month that the Green Party leader refused to extend the lease because of the Government’s long-term policy aim of ending fossil fuel dependency.,negative,0.01,0.06,0.94,negative,0.02,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['lease refusal', 'Barryroe', 'liquidator', 'one, non-mandatory ‘financial capability guideline', 'beef magnate Larry Goodman', 'Finbarr O’Rourke', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Euronext Growth markets', 'net tangible assets', 'future tax revenues', 'Green Party leader', 'fossil fuel dependency', 'primary energy supply', 'creditors voluntary liquidation', '€20m fundraising plan', 'surprising’ licence refusal', 'long-term policy aim', 'Barryroe Offshore Energy', 'energy security', 'Eamon Ryan', 'south coast', 'working capital', 'Cork coast', 'three weeks', '278 million barrels', 'Peter Newman', 'frustrating time', 'limited scope', 'public purse', 'Mr Ryan', 'funding solutions', 'funding situation', 'likely cost', 'appraisal programme', 'Monday morning', 'ordinary shares', 'Barryroe oil', 'lease', 'area', 'Photograph', 'trading', 'intention', 'business', 'Minister', 'Environment', 'country', 'opportunity', 'emissions', 'importing', 'company', 'chairman', 'statement', 'Dublin', 'London', 'outcome', 'EGM', 'liquidator', 'update', 'June', 'operations', 'undertaking', 'wind', 'READ', 'July', 'guarantee', 'discussions', 'case', 'concerns', 'Department', 'drilling', 'site', 'May', 'decision', 'application', 'guidelines', 'planned', 'shareholders', 'support', 'disappointing', 'place', 'November', 'deposit', 'escrow', 'costs', 'commitment', 'discretion', 'reference', 'efforts', 'gasfield', 'consequence', 'Ireland', 'employment', 'sources', 'Government', '3.5']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,irishtimes.com
26395,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIGBEN-INTERACTIVE-5097/news/BIGBEN-DISTRIBUTION-OF-DIVIDEND-IN-KIND-OF-NACON-SHARES-44142391/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,BIGBEN: DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDEND IN KIND OF NACON SHARES,(marketscreener.com)                                                         Press release Lesquin  16 June 2023  6:00 p.m. Distribution of dividend in kind of Nacon shares BIGBEN INTERACTIVE informs its shareholders of...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/…,"BIGBEN: DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDEND IN KIND OF NACON SHARES 06/19/2023 | 12:01pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Press release Lesquin  16 June 2023  6:00 p.m. Distribution of dividend in kind of Nacon shares BIGBEN INTERACTIVE (""BBI"" or the ""Company"") informs its shareholders of the technical details of the distribution of a dividend in kind of NACON (“Nacon”) shares. At the annual general meeting convened for 21 July 2023 (the ""General Meeting"")  BBI’s Board of Directors will ask its shareholders to approve the distribution of a dividend in kind in the form of Nacon shares at the rate of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares held  the terms and conditions of which are described below. This dividend in kind of Nacon shares will be paid on 28 July 2023. The Nacon shares distributed would represent approximately 4.25% of Nacon’s share capital and voting rights. Following this distribution  BBI would retain around 52 917 3581 Nacon shares  representing approximately 60.87% of share capital and 71.48% of voting rights2. BBI shareholders are invited to refer to the 2022 universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 22 June 2022 under number D.22-0545 and the press releases published by Nacon since this date for all information relating to Nacon. These documents are available on Nacon’s website (https://corporate.nacongaming.com/espace-investisseurs/). This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe for any shares of Nacon  or a solicitation to obtain consent or a favourable vote to approve the distribution described in this press release  including in any jurisdiction where such solicitation is not permitted under the laws of that country or territory. United States of America No shares  securities or other instruments may be offered  sold or transferred in the United States of America unless they are registered or exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. The Nacon shares that are the subject of the distribution in kind have not been and will not be registered in the United States of America under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the distribution in kind has not been approved or refused by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any other state securities commission in the United States of America  and neither such commissions nor the SEC has reviewed the accuracy or adequacy of this report. Any representation to the contrary may be a criminal offence in the United States of America. Member States of the European Economic Area This report does not constitute a prospectus or any other offering document within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and should not be relied upon as containing all the information necessary for a potential investor to evaluate the suitability of an investment in BBI or Nacon or to be included in a prospectus prepared in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).1. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DIVIDEND IN KIND 1.1. Features of the Distribution in KindBBI holds 56 616 0033 Nacon shares  representing  based on the number of shares and voting rights comprising Nacon’s share capital as at 31 May 2023  65.12% of share capital and 74.83% of voting rights. The shares comprising the share capital of Nacon are ordinary shares  all of the same class  fully paid up  and admitted to trading on compartment B of the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013482791. At the General Meeting  BBI shareholders will be asked to vote on the distribution of a dividend in kind represented by Nacon shares at the rate of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares held  subject to the Ceiling (as defined below) (the ""Distribution in Kind""). Based on the information available as at 31 May 2023  the Distribution in Kind would therefore relate to approximately 3 698 645 Nacon shares4 (out of the 56 616 003 Nacon shares held by BBI as at that date  representing around 6.5% of the Nacon shares held by BBI). Upon completion of the Distribution in Kind  assuming that the exchange ratio of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares remains unchanged  BBI would retain around 52 917 358 Nacon Shares  representing 60.87% of share capital5 and 71.48% of voting rights. The ex-dividend date will be 26 July 2023 and the Distribution in Kind will be paid on 28 July 2023 (the “Payment Date”). The Distribution in Kind will benefit all BBI shareholders whose shares have been registered in their name at the end of the trading day preceding the Payment Date  i.e. 27 July 2023 (the “Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind”). BBI shares bought on Euronext up to 25 July 2023 inclusive will also be eligible for the Distribution in Kind (the “Record Date”). In the event of a division of the ownership of Nacon shares  the beneficiary of the Distribution in Kind will be the bare owner (nu-propriétaire)  unless otherwise agreed. Shareholders are advised to consult their usual advisor on these matters. BBI shares held in treasury on the Record Date will not be entitled to the Distribution in Kind. The amount corresponding to the Distribution in Kind: (i) will be determined by multiplying the number of Nacon shares distributed (whether delivered to BBI shareholders or sold as fractional shares) by the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date;(ii) will be charged to ""Retained Earnings""  it being specified it will be proposed at the General Meeting that all net income for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 be allocated to “Retained earnings”; and(iii) may not exceed the amount of the net income for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 and retained earnings  i.e. a total net amount estimated at EUR 32 154 399 (the ""Ceiling"").In the event that the amount of the Distribution in Kind exceeds this Ceiling  the Board of Directors of BBI shall have full powers to adjust the aforementioned exchange ratio so that the amount distributed does not exceed the Ceiling. This would be the case if the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date exceeded EUR 8.69 based on a maximum distributable amount of EUR 32 154 399 and on the assumption that around 3 698 645 Nacon shares would be distributed. BBI will issue a press release on the morning of the Payment Date once the opening price of the Nacon shares is ascertained  to confirm the exchange ratio for the Distribution in Kind and  in the event that the exchange ratio is adjusted  to inform shareholders of any potential changes to the timetable for the Distribution in Kind. Rights forming fractional shares shall not be tradable or assignable. Accordingly  if the allocation to which a shareholder is entitled by application of the exchange ratio applied is not a whole number of Nacon shares (i.e. a holding of fewer than five (5) BBI shares or not corresponding to a multiple of five (5))  the shareholder shall receive the number of Nacon shares immediately below this amount  together with a cash payment for the balance  the amount of which will be calculated on the basis of the price at which the Nacon shares corresponding to the fractional shares will have been sold. Shareholders holding fewer than five (5) BBI shares on the evening of the Record Date will therefore only receive a cash payment. For illustrative purposes only and assuming a theoretical opening price of the Nacon shares of EUR 2.256: a shareholder holding 4 BBI shares would not receive any Nacon shares but just a balancing payment  the amount of which will depend on the date the Centralising Bank or its financial institution  as the case may be  sells the fractional shares to which it is entitled; anda shareholder holding 6 BBI shares would receive one (1) Nacon share and a balancing payment for the remainder  the amount of which will depend on the date the Centralising Bank or its financial institution  as the case may be  sells the fractional shares to which it is entitled.1.2. Timetable for the Distribution in KindThe indicative timetable for the Distribution in Kind is as follows: 16 June 2023 Publication of the first meeting notice (avis de réunion) in the BALO (French official bulletin of legal notices) 5 July 2023 Publication of the second meeting notice (avis de convocation) in the BALO convening the General Meeting 19 July 2023 Start of the suspension period of the liquidity agreement 21 July 2023 General Meeting 26 July 2023 Ex-dividend date of the Distribution in Kind 27 July 2023 Record Date 28 July 2023 Payment Date of the Distribution in KindEnd of the suspension period of the liquidity agreement 2. PAYMENT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KINDThe payment of the Distribution in Kind will take place as of the Payment Date  i.e. 28 July 2023  in accordance with the conditions specified below. The bank responsible for the centralisation in connection with the Distribution in Kind (the ""Centralising Bank"") is Uptevia  9 rue du Débarcadère - 93761 Pantin Cedex. For Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding BBI shares in bearer or administered registered form: the Centralising Bank will credit  via Euroclear France  each financial institution holding an account (i) on the Payment Date  the whole number of Nacon shares corresponding to its position in BBI shares duly registered with Euroclear France at the end of the Record Date  applying the exchange ratio of one (1) Nacon share for every five (5) BBI shares registered in the account of the financial institution holding the relevant account and (ii) the amount of the cash balancing payment due to this financial institution holding the account  as of the sale of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after distribution between the financial institutions holding the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares;following which  each of the account-holding financial institutions will credit each of its clients first with (i) the whole number of Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares registered in its books in the name of the client concerned and then (ii) the amount of the cash balancing payment due to this client  the amount of which will be based on the sale price of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after distribution of the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares between its clients.For Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding their BBI shares in issuer registered form: the Centralising Bank  acting as financial institution in charge of keeping the register of issuer registered shareholders  will (i) credit  as of the Payment Date  the account of each of the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind holding issuer registered BBI shares with the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares held in issuer registered form by the Beneficiary concerned and (ii) credit the accounts of each of the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind concerned with the net amount of the balancing payment due  if applicable  the amount of which will be based on the sale price of the shares corresponding to fractional shares after the distribution between the Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind of the Nacon shares corresponding to multiples of five (5) BBI shares.The Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind  regardless of how BBI shares are held  must pay  as the case may be  to their authorised financial intermediary or to BBI  through Uptevia  social security contributions and/or the flat rate tax or withholding tax payable in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Where applicable  the authorised financial intermediary responsible for maintaining the bearer or administered registered share accounts  or BBI  through Uptevia  responsible for maintaining the issuer registered share accounts  may sell the number of Nacon shares necessary to pay social security contributions and/or flat rate tax or withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Shareholders who wish to sell the Nacon shares received under the Distribution in Kind should contact their usual financial advisor and/or their financial institution holding the account. 3. TAX TREATMENT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KIND7The following discussion summarises the French tax consequences that may apply to BBI shareholders as a result of the Distribution in Kind  based on the legislation in force at this time. The rules described below are subject to change and new laws or regulations could be retroactive or apply to the current calendar or financial year. BBI shareholders are advised that the tax information contained in this Section 3 is only a summary of the tax provisions applicable under current legislation and is provided for general information purposes only. Accordingly  the tax information below does not constitute a comprehensive description of all tax impacts that may apply to BBI shareholders as a result of the Distribution in Kind. BBI shareholders are advised to consult their usual tax advisor on the tax consequences applicable to their particular circumstances. In addition  persons who are not French tax residents must refer to (i) the provisions of the applicable tax treaty concluded between their own State of residence and France; (ii) the provisions of French tax legislation; and (iii) the legislation of their State of residence and/or nationality that may apply to them so that they may determine their applicable tax regime. These persons should seek advice from their usual tax advisor regarding the applicable tax treatment for the Distribution in Kind. 3.1. Shareholders with tax residence in France3.1.1. Natural persons holding BBI shares as part of their private assets and not carrying out stock market transactions under conditions similar to those characterising an activity carried out by a person professionally engaged in such transactions3.1.1.1. 12.8% withholding taxPursuant to Article 117c of the French Tax Code (CGI)  subject to the exceptions mentioned below  natural persons domiciled in France are subject to a mandatory 12.8% non-final withholding tax (prélèvement forfaitaire non libératoire or “PFNL”) on the gross amount of distributed income. This withholding is made by the paying agent of the income when located in France. When the paying agent of the income is established outside of France  the income is declared and the corresponding withholding tax is paid within the first 15 days of the month following the month of the payment of the income  either by the taxpayer him/herself or by the paying agent  when that entity is established in a Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France to combat tax evasion and tax fraud and has received instructions to this effect by the taxpayer. BBI shareholders who find themselves in this situation should contact their financial intermediary to find out what processes they will put into place in this respect. Natural persons belonging to a tax household whose reference taxable income (revenu fiscal de référence) for the second-to-last tax year  as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  is less than EUR 50 000 for taxpayers who are single  divorced or widowed  or EUR 75 000 for couples filing jointly  may request an exemption from this withholding tax in accordance with Article 242c of the French Tax Code by providing the paying agent  no later than 30 November of the year preceding the year of the payment of the distributed income  with a sworn statement that the reference taxable income shown on the tax notice issued in respect of the second-to-last year preceding the year of payment was below the above-mentioned taxable income thresholds. When the paying agent is established outside France  only natural persons belonging to a tax household whose reference taxable income for the penultimate year  as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  is equal to or more than the amounts mentioned in the previous paragraph are subject to this tax. The withholding tax does not apply to income related to BBI shares held in French share savings plans (Plan d’Épargne en Actions or “PEA”) subject to compliance with the conditions of application of the plan specific to the PEA. 3.1.1.2. Income taxThe final taxation of dividends is determined based on the information reported in the income tax return filed the year following the year in which the dividend income is received. Pursuant to 1 of the Article 200 A of the French Tax Code  dividends are  in principle  subject to the 12.8% single flat rate of withholding tax (prélèvement forfaitaire unique or “PFU”). Pursuant to Article 193 of the French Tax Code  the 12.8% PFNL non-final withholding tax may be credited against income tax due in respect of the year in which it was paid. Where it exceeds income tax due  the surplus is refunded. In practice  alignment of current PFU and PFNL rates at 12.8% is equivalent to paying withholding tax at source. Pursuant to Article 200 A (2) of the French Tax Code  by way of derogation from application of the PFU  taxpayers wishing to do so may expressly  generally and irrevocably opt to be subject to the sliding scale of income tax. Pursuant to Article 158 of the French Tax Code  dividends must be included in the shareholder’s total taxable income as investment income (revenus de capitaux mobiliers) in respect of the year during which it is received. The option is exercised each year when filing the tax return and no later than the filing deadline. Dividends then benefit from an unlimited tax allowance of 40% on the amount of distributed income (“40% Allowance”). The option of the sliding scale of income tax applies on an annual basis to all investment income and capital gains subject to the above-mentioned flat-rate tax of 12.8% and realised in respect of the same year. If the BBI shares are held in a French share savings plan (PEA)  dividends and similar distributed income are exempt from income tax  subject to compliance with the terms and conditions applicable to the PEA. 3.1.1.3. Social security contributionsRegardless of whether or not the 12.8% PFNL is applicable  the gross amount of income distributed by BBI (before application of the 40% Allowance when the shareholder has opted for the sliding scale of taxation) will also be subject to social security contributions at an overall rate of 17.2%  broken down as follows: ✓ general social security contribution (contribution sociale généralisée or “CSG”) at a rate of 9.2%;✓ social debt repayment contribution (contribution pour le remboursement de la dette sociale  “CRDS”) at a rate of 0.5%; and✓ solidarity levy at a rate of 7.5%. These social security contributions are not deductible from income subject to the PFU. When income is subject to the sliding scale upon election  up to 6.8% of the 9.2% CSG can be deducted from taxable income for the year it is paid. Shareholders should consult their usual tax advisor to determine the tax reporting obligations and payment rules that may apply to them in respect of the PFNL and social security contributions. 3.1.1.4. Payment of the PFNL withholding tax and social security contributionsBeneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind shall pay  as the case may be  to their authorised financial intermediary or to BBI  through Uptevia  social security contributions and/or flat rate tax or withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind. Where applicable  the authorised financial intermediary responsible for maintaining the bearer or administered registered share accounts or BBI  through Uptevia  responsible for maintaining issuer registered accounts  may sell the number of Nacon shares required to pay social security contributions and/or the PNFL withholding tax due in respect of the Distribution in Kind. 3.1.1.5. Exceptional contribution for high-income earnersPursuant to Article 223e of the French Tax Code  taxpayers subject to personal income tax are liable for a contribution based on the amount of the tax household’s reference taxable income as defined in 1° of IV of Article 1417 of the French Tax Code  without any application of the quotient rules defined in Article 163-0 A of the French Tax Code. Reference income includes distributed income and dividends received by the taxpayers concerned (before the 40% Allowance when the shareholder has opted for taxation under the sliding scale). This contribution is calculated by applying the following rates: ✓ 3% of the portion of reference taxable income between EUR 250 000 and EUR 500 000 for single  widowed  separated or divorced taxpayers  and the portion of taxable income between EUR 500 000 and EUR 1 000 000 for couples filing jointly;✓ 4% of the portion of reference taxable income above EUR 500 000 for single  widowed  separated or divorced taxpayers  and the portion of taxable income above EUR 1 000 000 for couples filing jointly. 3.1.2. Legal entities subject to corporate income tax (under standard rules)3.1.2.1. Legal entities without the status of a parent company (société mère) in FranceLegal entities  other than those having parent company (société mère) status within the meaning of Article 145 of the French Tax Code  should include dividends and distributed income received in their taxable income subject to the ordinary corporate tax rate. An additional 3.3% social security contribution may also apply  based on the corporate income tax charge  after a deduction of up to EUR 763 000 for each twelve-month period (Article 235 ter ZC of the French Tax Code). However  pursuant to Article 219 I-b of the French Tax Code  for legal entities with annual revenue of less than EUR 10 000 000 (excluding taxes)  and whose share capital is fully paid up and at least 75% continuously held throughout the relevant financial year by natural persons or by a company meeting all these conditions  the corporate income tax rate is set at 15% for the first EUR 42 500 of taxable income for each twelve-month period. In addition  these legal entities are exempted from the aforementioned 3.3% social security contribution. 3.1.2.2. Legal entities qualifying as a parent company (société mère) in FranceLegal entities holding at least 5% of BBI’s share capital and voting rights and which meet the conditions set out in Articles 145 and 216 of the French Tax Code may benefit  upon election  from a dividend and distributed income exemption under the parent-subsidiary regime. However  subsection I of Article 216 of the French Tax Code provides for the inclusion  in taxable income subject to corporate income tax at the standard rate of the beneficiary  of a charge for costs and expenses set  under the current legislation  at 5% of total proceeds from shareholdings  tax credits included. 3.1.2.3. Other shareholdersBBI shareholders subject to a tax system other than those referred to above  in particular taxpayers whose securities transactions goes beyond simple portfolio management or who have recorded their shares as assets on their business balance sheet  should consult their own tax advisors to determine the provisions that apply to their particular circumstances. 3.2. Shareholders with tax residence outside FranceUnder French law as it currently stands and subject to the possible application of international tax treaties  the following discussion summarises certain French tax consequences that may apply to investors (i) who are not French tax residents within the meaning of Article 4 B of the French Tax Code or whose registered office is located outside France and (ii) whose ownership of shares cannot be traced back to a fixed base or permanent establishment subject to taxation in France. Such persons should consult their usual tax advisor regarding the taxation applicable to their particular circumstances and comply with the tax legislation in force in their State of residence and/or nationality. The Beneficiaries of the Distribution in Kind will have to pay the withholding tax to their paying agent  subject to the provisions of the international tax treaties that may be applicable and to the exceptions mentioned below  when the tax residence or the registered office of the beneficial owner is outside France. Consequently  the amount of the withholding tax shall be made available to the paying agent prior to delivery of the shares. If necessary  the paying agent may sell the number of Nacon shares necessary to pay the applicable withholding taxes. BBI shareholders should contact their financial intermediary to find out the processes that will be put in place by the latter for this purpose. Subject to what is set forth below and the completion of the formalities necessary for the elimination or limitation of the rate of withholding tax at source that may be payable  the rate of this withholding tax is set  in particular  at: ✓ 12.8% by Article 187 (1) (2) of the French Tax Code where the beneficiary is a natural person; and✓ 15% where the beneficiary is a non-profit organisation that has its registered office in a Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France for the purpose of combating tax evasion and tax fraud  that would be taxed according to the treatment referred to in Article 206-5 of the French Tax Code if it had its registered office in France and meets the criteria provided for by paragraphs 580 et seq. of the version of 25 March 2013 of the administrative guidelines BOI-IS-CHAMP-1050-10-40. This withholding tax is also applicable to any payment made for the benefit of a non-resident in the context of a temporary assignment or a similar transaction giving the right or obligation to return or resell the shares or other rights relating to these shares. In accordance with Article 119 bis A  1 of the French Tax Code  the temporary or similar transaction must be carried out for a period of less than forty-five days  including the date the right to the distribution of the proceeds of the shares is acquired. If the beneficiary of the payment provides proof that it corresponds to a transaction that has primarily a purpose and effect other than avoiding the application of withholding tax or obtaining a tax benefit  they will be able to obtain reimbursement of the withholding tax  which will be definitely undue to the tax department of the beneficiary’s domicile or head office. Regardless of the location of the beneficiary’s tax residence or registered office  income distributed by BBI outside France to a ""non-cooperative"" State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Tax Code is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 75%. The list of non-cooperative states and territories is published by ministerial order and updated annually. The list updated by the ministerial order dated 3 February 2023 (published in the Official Journal of the French Republic (JORF) dated 5 February 2023) includes the following States and territories: British Virgin Islands  Anguilla  Panama  Seychelles  Bahamas  Turks and Caicos  Vanuatu  Fiji  Guam  US Virgin Islands  Palau  American Samoa  Samoa  Trinidad and Tobago. If States or territories were to be blacklisted by the European Union because they facilitate the creation of offshore structures or devices  they would also be affected by the application of the 75% withholding tax from the date the ministerial order is amended accordingly  in accordance with Article 238-0 A 2 (1) of the French Tax Code. Investors who may be affected by this measure and those who are domiciled or established in a non-cooperative State or territory should seek the advice of their usual tax advisor to determine the tax treatment applicable to them. Shareholders that are legal entities with their place of effective management in a Member State of the European Union may benefit from a withholding tax exemption if they hold at least 10% of BBI’s share capital and otherwise meet all the conditions of Article 119b of the French Tax Code. In addition  subject to meeting the conditions specified in the version of 7 June 2016 of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-30-20-40  legal entities that hold at least 5% of BBI’s share capital may  subject to certain conditions  benefit from a withholding tax exemption if their place of effective management is located either in another Member State of the European Union or in another Member State of the European Economic Area Agreement that has entered an agreement with France to avoid double taxation which includes an administrative assistance clause to combat tax fraud and evasion. Legal entity shareholders who may be affected by this measure should consult their usual tax advisor to determine the tax treatment applicable to them. Furthermore  and subject to payment in a non-cooperative State or territory as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Tax Code  withholding tax is not applicable pursuant to Article 119a (2) of the French Tax Code to dividends paid to collective investment undertakings governed by foreign law  located in a Member State of the European Union or another State that has entered into an administrative assistance agreement with France for the purpose of combating tax evasion and tax fraud  and which meet the following two conditions: ✓ raising capital from a certain number of investors for the purpose of investing it in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of such investors  pursuant to a defined investment policy; and✓ having features similar to those required of collective undertakings governed by French law under section 1  paragraphs 1  2  3  5 and 6 of subsection 2  subsection 3  or sub-section 4 of section 2 of Chapter IV of the 1st Title of Book II of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). The terms of this exemption are set out in the version of 6 October 2021 of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-30-20-70. Finally  withholding tax may be reduced or even eliminated pursuant to tax treaties signed by France. Accordingly  it is the responsibility of BBI shareholders to consult their usual tax advisors to determine whether they are likely to qualify for a reduction to or exemption from the withholding tax by virtue of the preceding principles or provisions of international tax treaties and to determine the formalities to be complied with to benefit from these treaties  including those provided for by the version of 12 September 2012 of administrative guidelines BOI-INT-DG-20-20-20-20 relating to the “standard” or “simplified” procedure for reduction of or exemption from withholding tax. 4. IMPACT OF THE DISTRIBUTION IN KIND ON BBI’S EQUITY  NET INCOME AND NET DEBT4.1. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on the BBI Group’s consolidated equityFollowing the Distribution in Kind  BBI will retain sole control over Nacon. Therefore  in accordance with the IFRS standards in accordance with which the Bigben Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared  the Distribution in Kind will be treated as a disposal of minority assets with no impact on the control of Nacon and will be treated for accounting purposes as a transaction between shareholders and thus recognised as equity. The Distribution in Kind will result in a reduction in BBI’s consolidated equity on the payment date equal to (i) the number of Nacon shares distributed multiplied by the opening price of the Nacon shares on the payment date of the Distribution in Kind  minus (ii) the recognition of a capital gain on the disposal of shares net of tax (with no impact on the Income Statement) resulting from the difference between the Distribution in Kind and the share of the net assets of the Nacon shares transferred to the shareholders  net of the taxes recorded at the time of the Distribution in Kind. The impact of this transaction and of the change in Nacon’s share price on BBI’s consolidated equity compared to the consolidated balance sheet at 31 March 2023  can therefore be summarised as follows: Number of outstanding BBI shares BBI equity (in EUR millions) BBI equity per share(in EUR per share) Situation at 31 March 20238 18 495 9609218.7 11.8 Impact of the Distribution in Kind Distribution in Kind -8.3 -0.4 Capital gain net of tax (without no impact on the Income Statement) -2.1 -0.1 Situation post-Distribution in Kind 208.2 11.3 4.2. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on BBI’s consolidated net incomeAs there is no loss of control of Nacon by BBI  the Distribution in Kind will not have a material impact on BBI’s consolidated net income. 4.3. Impact of the Distribution in Kind on BBI’s net debtThe Distribution in Kind has no impact on BBI’s net debt  except for taxes due in respect of this debt. The distribution of a cash balancing payment to shareholders who do not hold a number of BBI shares entitling them to a whole number of Nacon shares will have an immaterial impact on BBI’s consolidated net debt. 5. RISK FACTORSThese risk factors should be carefully considered. 5.1. Specific risk factors related to the Distribution in KindThe main risk factors related to the Distribution in Kind are set out below. BBI shareholders should be aware that the list of risks presented below is not exhaustive and that other additional risks may exist that are unknown or the realisation of which as of the date of this press release is not considered likely to have an adverse effect on the Distribution in Kind: in the event that the Distribution in Kind exceeds the Ceiling  the Board of Directors will have to make the necessary adjustment to the exchange ratio so that the amount distributed does not exceed the Ceiling; this would be the case if the opening price of the Nacon shares on the Payment Date exceeded EUR 8.69  based on a maximum distributable amount of EUR 32 154 399 and assuming that 3 698 645 Nacon shares would be distributed  it being specified that in the event of the exchange ratio being adjusted  the timetable of the Distribution in Kind could change;BBI shareholders could sell the Nacon shares they receive in connection with the Distribution in Kind  which could create downward pressure on Nacon’s share price;Nacon’s share price could fall after the Distribution in Kind; andtax laws and regulations may change unfavourably compared with the current tax system.5.2. Risk factors relating to Nacon and its businessThe main risk factors relating to Nacon and its business are described in Nacon’s universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 22 June 2022 under number D.22-0545  which BBI shareholders are invited to consult. Next events: Annual General Meeting: 21 July 2023 Q1 2023-24 sales: 24 July 2023 after market closeABOUT BIGBEN INTERACTIVE2022-23 SALES€283.5mHEADCOUNTOver 1 300 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution network in more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben is a European player in video game development and publishing  design and distribution of smartphone and gaming accessories  as well as audio/video products. The Group  which is recognised for its capacities in terms of innovation and creativity  intends to become one of the leading names in Europe in each of its markets.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index: CAC Mid & Small – Eligible for Long SRDISIN: FR0000074072; Reuters: BIGPA; Bloomberg: BIGFPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 011 Of which 3 555 937 Nacon shares were loaned to BNP Paribas for hedging purposes as part of the bond issue by Bigben Interactive (refer to note 2.2.4 of the appendices to the consolidated financial statements appearing in the Universal registration document filed by Bigben Interactive on 27 June 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under number D.22-0553).2 on the basis of the number of shares and voting rights making up Nacon’s capital at 31 May 2023.3 Of which 3 555 937 Nacon shares were loaned on 12 February 2021 to BNP Paribas for hedging purposes as part of the bond issue by BBI (refer to note 2.2.4 of the appendices to the consolidated financial statements appearing in the Universal registration document filed by BBI on 27 June 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under number D.22-0553).4 This number is obtained by multiplying the number of BBI shares entitled to the Distribution in Kind  i.e. 18 493 221 BBI shares (18 529 960 shares making up BBI’s share capital  less 36 739 treasury shares)  by the exchange ratio of 1 Nacon share for every 5 BBI shares  based on the theoretical assumption that there are no fractional shares.5 on the basis of the number of shares and voting rights making up Nacon’s share capital at 31 May 2023.6 The theoretical stock market price used for the above examples (namely 2.25 euros per Nacon share) is the closing price of the Nacon share on May 31  20237 Fractional shares will be subject to the same tax regime as specified here.8 On the basis of BBI’s consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 March 2023 as approved by the Board of Directors on 30 May 2023.9 Number of shares making up BBI’s share capital less treasury shares as at 31 September 2023. Attachment BBI - CP Distibution Dividendes en nature Actions Nacon Diffusion EnglishAll news about BIGBEN INTERACTIVE 06/19 Global markets live: Airbus  Intel  Meta Platforms  Berkshire Hathaw.. 06/19 Bigben : Distribution of dividend in kind of nacon shares AQ 06/19 Bigben : Distribution of dividend in kind of nacon shares GL 05/30 Bigben : 2022/23 full-year results AQ 05/30 Bigben : 2022/23 full-year results GL 05/30 BigBen Interactive Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended March 31  2023 CI 05/30 BIGBEN INTERACTIVE : Annual results CO 04/24 Bigben : Annual sales for fy 2022-23 AQ 04/24 Bigben : Annual sales for fy 2022-23 GL 04/24 BigBen Interactive Reports Unaudited Consolidated Sales Results for the Fourth Quarter .. CI Analyst Recommendations on BIGBEN INTERACTIVE 2021 Analyst recommendations: Bank of America  Bodycote  Chevron  Do..",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['NACON SHARES', 'BIGBEN', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'DIVIDEND', 'KIND', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'other state securities commission', 'Required fields Press release', 'multiple email addresses', 'European Economic Area', 'other offering document', '2022 universal registration document', 'annual general meeting', 'one (1) Nacon share', 'five (5) BBI shares', 'The Nacon shares', 'other instruments', 'Exchange Commission', 'press releases', 'share capital', 'technical details', 'voting rights', 'favourable vote', 'United States', 'criminal offence', 'Member States', 'potential investor', 'same class', 'compartment B', 'ISIN code', 'exchange ratio', 'trading day', 'ordinary shares', '3,698,645 Nacon shares4', '52,917,3581 Nacon shares', '56,616,0033 Nacon shares', '56,616,003 Nacon shares', '358 Nacon Shares', 'ex-dividend date', 'Payment Date', 'Record Date', 'BIGBEN INTERACTIVE', 'First name', 'BBI shareholders', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'KIND', 'commas', 'Message', 'Lesquin', '16 June', 'Company', '21 July', 'Board', 'Directors', 'form', 'rate', 'terms', 'conditions', '28 July', '22 June', 'number', 'documents', 'website', 'nacongaming', 'solicitation', 'consent', 'jurisdiction', 'laws', 'country', 'territory', 'America', 'subject', 'commissions', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'report', 'representation', 'contrary', 'prospectus', 'meaning', 'Regulation', 'suitability', 'investment', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Features', '31 May', 'Ceiling', 'completion', '26 July', 'Beneficiaries', '25 July', 'event', 'division', 'ownership', 'beneficiary', 'ba', '6:00', '1.']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26396,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-presents-its-half-year-2020-results-and-reinstates-guidance-for-full-year-2020-44142707/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230619,Ipsen : presents its half year 2020 results and reinstates guidance for full year 2020,(marketscreener.com)  Paris   30 July 2020 - Ipsen   a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical group  today announced financial results for the first half of 2020.    Resilient H1 financial performance:    Group sales growth of 3.1% as reported and …,"Paris (France)  30 July 2020 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical group  today announced financial results for the first half of 2020.Resilient H1 financial performance : Group sales growth of 3.1% as reported and at constant currency  driven by Specialty Care sales growth of 5.9% 1   led by Somatuline® (lanreotide) (up 16.4% 1 ). Consumer Healthcare sales were down 21.1% 1 . Q2 2020 Group sales decreased by 2.2% 1   adversely impacted by COVID-19. Core Operating margin at 32.3% of net sales  up 0.8 points  driven by Specialty Care sales growth and postponed or cancelled expenditures mainly due to COVID-19. IFRS Operating margin at 19.7% of net sales  down 6.1 points. Core consolidated net profit of €297 million and fully diluted Core EPS of €3.55 (up 5.0%). IFRS Consolidated net profit of €223 million and fully diluted IFRS EPS of €2.66 (up 1.0%). Robust balance sheet  with closing Net Debt of €923 million and strong Free Cash Flow at €233 million  up €132 million versus 2019  mainly driven by higher Operating Cash Flow.:Negative COVID-19 impact : As anticipated  the Specialty Care portfolio showed overall resilience in Q2 2020  although Oncology sales were impacted by destocking in some European countries and Neuroscience sales were affected by treatment center closures. Consumer Healthcare sales  notably Smecta® (diosmectite)  continued to be impacted across geographies despite a slow recovery in China in Q2 2020.: As anticipated  the Specialty Care portfolio showed overall resilience in Q2 2020  although Oncology sales were impacted by destocking in some European countries and Neuroscience sales were affected by treatment center closures. Consumer Healthcare sales  notably Smecta® (diosmectite)  continued to be impacted across geographies despite a slow recovery in China in Q2 2020. 2020 guidance: Ipsen has reinstated full year guidance and now expects Group sales growth greater than +2.0% at constant currency and Core Operating margin greater than 30.0% of net sales. Guidance takes into account the high level of uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and assumes only a gradual recovery from the pandemic as well as no impact of any new somatostatin analog (SSA) generic entry.Ipsen has reinstated full year guidance and now expects Group sales growth greater than +2.0% at constant currency and Core Operating margin greater than 30.0% of net sales. Guidance takes into account the high level of uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and assumes only a gradual recovery from the pandemic as well as no impact of any new somatostatin analog (SSA) generic entry. Significant R&D pipeline progress including (1) Cabometyx® (cabozantinib) positive top-line results from Phase 3 CheckMate -9ER trial in combination with nivolumab for 1L RCC22  (2) Cabometyx participation in the ongoing Phase 3 trials in combination with atezolizumab for 2L NSCLC3 and 2L CRPC4  (3) Onivyde® (irinotecan liposome injection) received Fast Track designation from the FDA for 1L PDAC5  (4) Dysport® (botulinum toxin type A) approval in China for glabellar lines and updated indication in the U.S. for the treatment of spasticity in children  (5) IRICoR option agreement in collaboration with the University of Montreal for a discovery-stage oncology program.David Loew  Chief Executive Officer of Ipsen  stated: ""I'm honored since July 1st to lead Ipsen  an exciting global biopharma business with solid business fundamentals  a strong purpose to serve patients and attractive growth opportunities. I am encouraged by the exceptional levels of talent and engagement I have encountered across the organization  as well as the exciting recent clinical data on Cabometyx  and I look forward to helping the Group build on these strong foundations. In my first half-year update  I am pleased to report that  despite the unprecedented backdrop of COVID-19  Ipsen delivered top-line growth and margin improvement. As a result  we are reinstating guidance for 2020 and planning for the future with confidence.""Review of half year 2020 results(in million euros) H1 2020 H1 2019 %change % change at constant currency Group net sales 1 268.3 1 229.6 +3.1% +3.1% Specialty Care sales 1 167.1 1 100.0 +6.1% +5.9% Consumer Healthcare sales 101.2 129.6 -21.9% -21.1% CORE Core Operating Income 410.2 387.5 +5.9% Core Operating margin (as a % net sales) 32.3% 31.5% +0.8pts Core consolidated net profit 297.0 283.0 +5.0% Core EPS - fully diluted (€) 3.55 3.38 +5.0% IFRS Operating Income 249.8 317.8 -21.4% Operating margin (as a % net sales) 19.7% 25.8% -6.1pts Consolidated net profit 222.7 220.6 +1.0% EPS - fully diluted (€) 2.66 2.64 +1.0%Review of the first half 2020 resultsGroup sales reached €1 268.3 million  up 3.1% year-on-year.Specialty Caresales reached €1 167.1 million  up 5.9%  driven by growth in Oncology sales of 9.5%  including the continued momentum of Somatuline in major geographies.Consumer Healthcaresales were €101.2 million  down 21.1%. Smecta was negatively impacted by COVID-19  implementation of hospital central procurement in China and lower sales in France.Core Operating Income was €410.2 million  up 5.9%  driven by the growth of Specialty Care sales. Significant cost savings were realized in selling expenses  resulting from digital sales detailing  lower travel throughout the Group and the conversion to virtual conference and medical meetings.Core Operating margin reached 32.3% of sales  up 0.8 points versus the first half of 2019.Core consolidated net profit was €297.0 million  compared to €283.0 million in 2019  up 5.0%  reflecting increased Other financial expenses and lower core effective tax rate (22.5% versus 23.6% in H1 2019).Core earnings per share fully diluted grew by 5.0% to reach €3.55  compared to €3.38 in 2019.IFRS Operating Income was €249.8 million after amortization of intangible assets  impairment losses and other operating expenses. Operating Income margin of 19.7% was down 6.1 points compared to 2019  after amortization of intangible assets for Cabometyx and an impairment loss on the intangible assets of palovarotene following termination of the MO-Ped program.IFRS Consolidated net profit was €222.7 million versus €220.6 million in 2019  up 1.0%IFRSFully diluted EPS (Earnings per share) was €2.66 versus €2.64 in 2019  up 1.0%.Free Cash Flow of €233.3 million was up 131% versus €101.0 million in 2019  mainly driven by higher Operating Cash Flow.Closing net debt came to €923.3 million  a €576.2m improvement compared with net debt at June 30 2019 of €1 499.5 million  due mainly to strong Free Cash Flow over the period.The company's auditors performed a limited review of the accounts.The interim financial report  with regard to regulated information  is available on the Group's website  under the Regulated Information tab in the Investor Relations section.COVID-19 ImpactIn the second quarter of 2020  the business was negatively impacted by COVID-19. While the Specialty Care portfolio of differentiated products for critical conditions remained relatively resilient  Oncology sales were negatively impacted by destocking after a higher level of orders at the end of the first quarter in some European countries. Neuroscience sales were more impacted due to the closure of treatment centers in both the therapeutics and aesthetics markets. Consumer Healthcare sales  notably Smecta  continued to be negatively impacted across geographies despite a slow recovery in China in the second quarter of 2020.Significant cost savings in selling expenses were realized in the first half of 2020  resulting from digital sales detailing  lower travel throughout the Group and the conversion to virtual conference and medical meetings.Ipsen continues to operate all of its manufacturing sites. There are adequate inventory levels  with no supply chain issues  for the provision of medicines to patients. There is also limited impact to date on clinical trials  with minimal disruption to investigational drug supply for ongoing patients  despite a general slowdown in the recruitment of new patients as well as new site activations in ongoing trials across Europe and the U.S.Ipsen remains focused on ensuring that patients continue to have access to their treatments and on addressing the impact of this pandemic in their communities. Ipsen employees around the world  including those at central functions and manufacturing and distribution sites  are gradually returning to the office  and the commercial organization is beginning to resume more normal operations.2020 Financial guidance reinstatedThe Group has reinstated the following financial targets for the current yearGroup sales growth greater than +2.0% at constant currency  with an expected negative impact of 0.5% from currencies based on the current level of exchange rates.at constant currency  with an expected negative impact of 0.5% from currencies based on the current level of exchange rates. Core Operating margin greater than 30.0% of net sales  excluding incremental investments in pipeline expansion initiatives.Guidance takes into account the high level of uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and assumes only a gradual recovery from the pandemic as well as no impact of any new somatostatin analog (SSA) generic entry.Palovarotene:In the last few months  Ipsen has made progress on advancing the palovarotene program. There is an ongoing dialogue with the FDA on the appropriate patient population eligible for treatment and a potential regulatory path forward for palovarotene for the treatment of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP).Ipsen has taken the decision to terminate the multiple osteochondromas (MO) indication due to the lack of efficacy signals in the analysis of the Phase 2 MO-Ped trial. As a consequence  the Group recognized an impairment loss of €57.8 million before tax on the palovarotene intangible asset and a financial income of €45.0 million related to the Contingent Value Rights (CVR) and milestones reevaluation.R&D update:Cabometyx: On April 20  Ipsen announced that CheckMate -9ER  a pivotal Phase 3 trial evaluating Cabometyx in combination with Opdivo (nivolumab) compared to sunitinib in previously untreated advanced or metastatic renal cell carcinoma (RCC)  met its primary endpoint of progression-free survival (PFS) at final analysis  as well as the secondary endpoints of overall survival (OS) at a pre-specified interim analysis  and objective response rate (ORR).The detailed results of CheckMate -9ER were accepted for presentation at the upcoming European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO) Virtual Congress 2020  during the Presidential Symposium II on September 20  2020.In addition  on July 2  Ipsen announced it will join the Exelixis and Roche clinical collaboration of the recently initiated CONTACT-01 and CONTACT-02 global Phase 3 pivotal trials. CONTACT-01 is evaluating the safety and efficacy of Cabometyx in combination with atezolizumab in patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have been previously treated with an immune checkpoint inhibitor and platinum-containing chemotherapy. CONTACT-02 is evaluating the safety and efficacy of Cabometyx in combination with atezolizumab versus a second novel hormonal therapy (NHT) in men with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC) who have previously been treated with one NHT.Onivyde: On June 17  Ipsen announced that the FDA had granted Fast Track designation for the investigational use of Onivyde in combination with 5- fluorouracil/leucovorin (5-FU/LV) and oxaliplatin (OX) for patients with previously untreated  unresectable  locally advanced and metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC).Dysport: On June 5  Dysport received approval in China for the treatment of glabellar lines.On July 9  Dysport received FDA approval to treat both upper and lower limb spasticity in pediatric patients two years of age and older  including spasticity caused by cerebral palsy.Portfolio prioritization: As a result of prioritization decisions  in the second quarter  the Group is discontinuing development of the fast-acting neurotoxin rBoNT/E (IPN 10360) and the oncology asset IPN 60090 licensed from MD Anderson Cancer Center. Separately  development of Dysport in Hallux Valgus has been discontinued on efficacy grounds.Early-stage pipeline: On May 4  Ipsen entered into an option agreement with IRICoR  a pan-Canadian research commercialization center focused on drug discovery  and the University of Montreal for a discovery-stage oncology program under which Ipsen would acquire a licence for worldwide rights.Conference callWatch the replay: https://engage.vevent.com/rt/ipsen/index.jsp?seid=3047Year-on-year growth excluding foreign exchange impact established by recalculating net sales for the relevant period at the rate used for the previous period. 1L RCC: First line Renal Cell Carcinoma; 333 2L NSCLC: Second line Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; 4 2L CRPC: Second line Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer; 5 1L PDAC: First line Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomaAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.09,0.61,True,English,"['half year 2020 results', 'full year', 'Ipsen', 'guidance', 'Significant R&D pipeline progress', 'first half 2020 results Group sales', 'botulinum toxin type A', 'exciting recent clinical data', 'exciting global biopharma business', 'global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical group', 'higher Operating Cash Flow', 'Resilient H1 financial performance', 'strong Free Cash Flow', 'constant currency Group net sales', 'CORE Core Operating Income', 'Specialty Care sales growth', 'Core consolidated net profit', 'Specialty Care portfolio', 'solid business fundamentals', 'first half-year update', 'half year 2020 results', 'Group sales growth', 'Robust balance sheet', 'new somatostatin analog', 'SSA) generic entry', 'CheckMate -9ER trial', 'irinotecan liposome injection', 'Fast Track designation', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'hospital central procurement', 'attractive growth opportunities', 'IFRS Operating Income', 'positive top-line results', 'Core Operating margin', 'Consumer Healthcare sales', 'treatment center closures', 'discovery-stage oncology program', 'IFRS Operating margin', 'ongoing Phase 3 trials', 'Q2 2020 Group sales', 'full year guidance', 'Negative COVID-19 impact', 'financial results', 'top-line growth', 'Specialty Caresales', 'Oncology sales', 'Consumer Healthcaresales', 'Neuroscience sales', 'margin improvement', 'strong purpose', 'strong foundations', 'Core EPS', 'Net Debt', 'IFRS EPS', 'overall resilience', 'European countries', 'slow recovery', 'high level', 'gradual recovery', '1L RCC22', '2L NSCLC3', '2L CRPC', '1L PDAC', 'glabellar lines', 'U.S.', 'David Loew', 'exceptional levels', 'unprecedented backdrop', 'million euros', 'change % change', 'continued momentum', 'major geographies', '2020 guidance', 'Paris', 'France', 'Ipsen', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Somatuline®', 'lanreotide', 'expenditures', 'closing', 'destocking', 'Smecta®', 'China', 'account', 'uncertainty', 'pandemic', 'Cabometyx®', 'cabozantinib', 'combination', 'nivolumab', 'atezolizumab', 'Onivyde®', 'FDA', 'Dysport®', 'approval', 'indication', 'spasticity', 'children', 'collaboration', 'University', 'Montreal', 'July', 'patients', 'talent', 'engagement', 'organization', 'future', 'confidence', 'Review', 'implementation', '30']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,marketscreener.com
26397,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/barryroe-offshore-energy-to-enter-voluntary-liquidation-following-permit-refusal/a1439801345.html,Barryroe Offshore Energy to enter voluntary liquidation following permit refusal,Oil explorer Barryroe Offshore Energy has announced its intention to wind down the company.,"Oil explorer Barryroe Offshore Energy has announced its intention to wind down the company.Earlier this month  the company told shareholders that a wind down of the business was under consideration after a planned capital raise was paused following a Government decision to reject its key exploration permit.Barryroe said today it would initiate an orderly wind down of the business through a Creditors Voluntary Liquidation.The company plans to hold an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) next month to seek shareholder approval for the appointment of a liquidator.Discussions with major shareholders around possible funding for Barryroe are continuing  with the business pledging to pursue additional funding up until the date of the EGM.However  it warned that there is no guarantee that new funding will be secured.Minister for Environment  Climate and Communications Eamon Ryan rejected Barryroe’s permit application on May 19. Barryroe said the minister was unhappy with the financial capability of the applicants.The permit area is home to the Barryroe undersea prospect off the coast of Cork  discovered in 2012.Barryroe Offshore  previously Providence Resources  had an 80pc stake in the prospect licence alongside partner Lansdowne Oil & Gas.Chairman Peter Newman described the situation as “disappointing and deeply frustrating.”""The funding solution put in place in November 2022 secured €40m held on deposit in escrow  ready to drawdown as needed  sufficient to fully cover the costs of the proposed appraisal programme ” he said.""Notwithstanding that secured funding  in assessing the Company’s financial capability to deliver this commitment  the minister has seen fit to apply his discretion  relying on reference to one  non-mandatory  ‘financial capability guideline’  arguably inconsistent with the limited scope of the work  thereby denying all efforts to progress appraisal of the Barryroe oil and gas field ” he added.The company’s ordinary shares are suspended from trading on AIM and Euronext Growth and are set to remain so until fresh funding is secured or until the CVL process is finished.If the CVL process is completed  all shares will then be cancelled.",neutral,0.01,0.77,0.21,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Barryroe Offshore Energy', 'voluntary liquidation', 'permit refusal', 'one, non-mandatory, ‘financial capability guideline', 'Creditors Voluntary Liquidation', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Chairman Peter Newman', 'key exploration permit', 'Barryroe Offshore Energy', 'Barryroe undersea prospect', 'prospect licence', 'permit application', 'permit area', 'Oil explorer', 'capital raise', 'Government decision', 'shareholder approval', 'Eamon Ryan', 'Providence Resources', '80pc stake', 'Lansdowne Oil', 'limited scope', 'Euronext Growth', 'CVL process', 'possible funding', 'additional funding', 'new funding', 'funding solution', 'fresh funding', 'Barryroe oil', 'orderly wind', 'major shareholders', 'appraisal programme', 'gas field', 'ordinary shares', 'intention', 'company', 'business', 'consideration', 'EGM', 'appointment', 'liquidator', 'Discussions', 'date', 'guarantee', 'Minister', 'Climate', 'Communications', 'May', 'applicants', 'coast', 'Cork', 'partner', 'situation', 'place', 'November', 'deposit', 'escrow', 'costs', 'commitment', 'discretion', 'reference', 'work', 'efforts', 'trading', 'AIM']",2023-06-19,2023-06-20,independent.ie
26398,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanzen.at/nachrichten/aktien/erytech-announces-that-akkadian-is-continuing-its-attempt-at-destabilization-with-the-filing-of-a-new-lawsuit-1032400184,ERYTECH announces that Akkadian is continuing its attempt at destabilization with the filing of a new lawsuit,ERYTECH announces that Akkadian is continuing its attempt at destabilization with the filing of a new lawsuit Cambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon,"ERYTECH announces that Akkadian is continuing its attempt at destabilization with the filing of a new lawsuitCambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  June 20  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: ERYP) announces the filing of a new lawsuit by Akkadian Partners.Despite the rejection by the President of the Lyon Commercial Court of Akkadian Partners' request to postpone the General Meeting's vote on the proposed merger  Akkadian has initiated new legal proceedings with the clear aim of continuing its attempt to destabilize Erytech.As part of this new procedure  the first hearing of which will take place after the vote on the merger  Akkadian Partners is requesting the cancellation of the capital increase of May 15  2023. This capital increase  resulting from contributions in kind of Pherecydes shares in exchange for ERYTECH shares  had been announced at the time of the merger announcement last February and had been carried out in accordance with the delegation of authority granted by the 2022 extraordinary general meeting of ERYTECH shareholders under resolution 29 and on the basis of reports issued by Finexsi  acting as a contribution appraiser (commissaire aux apports)  in accordance with Articles L. 225-147  R. 22-10-7 and R. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code as well as AMF recommendation no. 2020-06.Erytech is confident of the outcome of this unfounded procedure  which appears bound to failure.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases.On February 15  2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical results from and the development plans of eryaspase  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  ""believes”  ""anticipates”  ""expects”  ""intends”  ""plans”  ""seeks”  ""estimates”  ""may”  ""will” and ""continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s business and regulatory strategy and its evaluation of potential strategic transactions. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) the failure to achieve certain regulatory and commercial milestones; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of ERYTECH’s shares on the Nasdaq Global Select market and the Euronext regulated market; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; (5) the inability to agree to terms on a long-term supply agreement with Catalent; and (6) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 27  2022 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 28  2022 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment",negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,mixed,0.06,0.11,0.83,True,English,"['new lawsuit', 'ERYTECH', 'Akkadian', 'attempt', 'destabilization', 'filing', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'French Commercial Code', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'long-term supply agreement', 'potential strategic transactions', 'new legal proceedings', '2022 extraordinary general meeting', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Lyon Commercial Court', ""Akkadian Partners' request"", 'other economic, business', 'U.S.', 'global player', 'commercial milestones', 'strategic combination', 'ISIN code', 'new lawsuit', 'new procedure', 'clear aim', 'first hearing', 'capital increase', 'contribution appraiser', 'Articles L.', 'unfounded procedure', 'severe forms', 'orphan diseases', 'extended phage', 'More detail', 'press release', 'United States', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Eric Soyer', 'COO NewCap', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Investor relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'Media relations', 'clinical results', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'various assumptions', 'other factors', 'Actual events', 'actual results', 'future results', 'applicable laws', 'other risks', 'Further description', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'Annual Report', 'forward-looking stateme', 'regulatory strategy', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'CAC Mid', 'unknown risks', 'Important factors', 'competitive factors', 'future filings', 'regulatory filings', 'Forward-looking information', 'development plans', 'future performance', 'Exchange Commission', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'merger announcement', 'AMF recommendation', 'Pherecydes shares', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'ERYTECH shareholders', 'Euronext Paris', 'ERYTECH shares', 'attempt', 'destabilization', 'Cambridge', 'France', 'ERYP', 'rejection', 'President', 'vote', 'place', 'cancellation', 'May', 'contributions', 'kind', 'time', 'accordance', 'delegation', 'authority', 'resolution', 'basis', 'reports', 'Finexsi', 'apports', 'R.', 'outcome', 'failure', 'cancer', 'February', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'CFO', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'eryaspase', 'use', 'words', 'limitation', 'believes', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'intends', 'seeks', 'evaluation', 'assessments', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'achievements', 'others', 'inability', 'listing', 'changes', 'regulations', 'possibility', 'terms', 'Catalent', 'Securities', 'April', 'representations', 'accuracy', 'fairness']",2023-06-20,2023-06-20,finanzen.at
26399,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-06/59384464-erytech-pharma-s-a-erytech-announces-that-akkadian-is-continuing-its-attempt-at-destabilization-with-the-filing-of-a-new-lawsuit-399.htm,Erytech Pharma S.A.: ERYTECH announces that Akkadian is continuing its attempt at destabilization with the filing of a new lawsuit,ERYTECH announces that Akkadian is continuingits attempt at destabilization with the filing of a new lawsuit Cambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France) June 20  2023- ERYTECH Pharma (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: ERYP) announces the filing of a new lawsuit by ...,"ERYTECH announces that Akkadian is continuingits attempt at destabilization with the filing of a new lawsuitCambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France) June 20  2023- ERYTECH Pharma (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: ERYP) announces the filing of a new lawsuit by Akkadian Partners.Despite the rejection by the President of the Lyon Commercial Court of Akkadian Partners' request to postpone the General Meeting's vote on the proposed merger  Akkadian has initiated new legal proceedings with the clear aim of continuing its attempt to destabilize Erytech.As part of this new procedure  the first hearing of which will take place after the vote on the merger  Akkadian Partners is requesting the cancellation of the capital increase of May 15  2023. This capital increase  resulting from contributions in kind of Pherecydes shares in exchange for ERYTECH shares  had been announced at the time of the merger announcement last February and had been carried out in accordance with the delegation of authority granted by the 2022 extraordinary general meeting of ERYTECH shareholders under resolution 29 and on the basis of reports issued by Finexsi  acting as a contribution appraiser (commissaire aux apports)  in accordance with Articles L. 225-147  R. 22-10-7 and R. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code as well as AMF recommendation no. 2020-06.Erytech is confident of the outcome of this unfounded procedure  which appears bound to failure.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases.On February 15  2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com (mailto:investors@erytech.com)+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.eu (mailto:erytech@newcap.eu)Forward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical results from and the development plans of eryaspase  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will"" and ""continue"" and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH's business and regulatory strategy and its evaluation of potential strategic transactions. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) the failure to achieve certain regulatory and commercial milestones; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of ERYTECH's shares on the Nasdaq Global Select market and the Euronext regulated market; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; (5) the inability to agree to terms on a long-term supply agreement with Catalent; and (6) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH's regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company's regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company's 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 27  2022 and in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 28  2022 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH's expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment",negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,mixed,0.06,0.1,0.84,True,English,"['Erytech Pharma S.A.', 'new lawsuit', 'Akkadian', 'attempt', 'destabilization', 'filing', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'French Commercial Code', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'long-term supply agreement', 'potential strategic transactions', 'new legal proceedings', '2022 extraordinary general meeting', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Lyon Commercial Court', ""Akkadian Partners' request"", 'other economic, business', 'U.S.', 'global player', 'commercial milestones', 'strategic combination', 'ISIN code', 'new lawsuit', 'new procedure', 'clear aim', 'first hearing', 'capital increase', 'contribution appraiser', 'Articles L.', 'unfounded procedure', 'severe forms', 'orphan diseases', 'extended phage', 'More detail', 'press release', 'United States', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Eric Soyer', 'COO NewCap', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Investor relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'Media relations', 'clinical results', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'various assumptions', 'other factors', 'Actual events', 'actual results', 'future results', 'applicable laws', 'other risks', 'Further description', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'Annual Report', 'regulatory strategy', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'CAC Mid', 'unknown risks', 'Important factors', 'competitive factors', 'future filings', 'regulatory filings', 'Forward-looking information', 'development plans', 'future performance', 'Exchange Commission', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'merger announcement', 'AMF recommendation', 'Pherecydes shares', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'ERYTECH shareholders', 'Euronext Paris', 'ERYTECH shares', 'attempt', 'destabilization', 'Cambridge', 'France', 'ERYP', 'rejection', 'President', 'vote', 'place', 'cancellation', 'May', 'contributions', 'kind', 'time', 'accordance', 'delegation', 'authority', 'resolution', 'basis', 'reports', 'Finexsi', 'apports', 'R.', 'outcome', 'failure', 'cancer', 'February', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'CFO', 'investors', 'mailto', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'eryaspase', 'use', 'words', 'limitation', 'believes', 'expects', 'seeks', 'evaluation', 'assessments', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'achievements', 'others', 'inability', 'listing', 'changes', 'regulations', 'possibility', 'terms', 'Catalent', 'Securities', 'April', 'representations']",2023-06-05,2023-06-20,finanznachrichten.de
26400,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ekinops-provides-direct-routing-voice-174500154.html,Ekinops Provides Direct Routing Voice and Security Capabilities to Microsoft Teams Customers from the Azure Marketplace,Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  specialist in Enterprise connectivity solutions  announces that its ONEvSBC (Session Border Controller) is now available on the Microsoft Azure marketplace.,"Ekinops Provides Direct Routing Voice and Security Capabilities to Microsoft Teams Customers from the Azure MarketplacePARIS  June 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  specialist in Enterprise connectivity solutions  announces that its ONEvSBC (Session Border Controller) is now available on the Microsoft Azure marketplace. Telecom service providers can benefit from designing their voice services based on Ekinops' powerful and scalable virtual SBC hosted on Azure.Ekinops Logo (PRNewsfoto/Ekinops)With the powerful cloud computing capabilities of Azure  voice service providers can enjoy lightning-fast performance  scalability  and continuous availability as well as lower CAPEX for a faster Go-To-Market.ONEvSBC is a multi-tenant virtual SBC  designed to help carriers create voice services for enterprises and organizations of all sizes which securely streamline operations and increase efficiency:ONEvSBC is a Microsoft-certified SBC for Teams Direct Routing. It involves hosted Azure services and Unified Communications as a Service (UCaaS) for a smooth migration to Teams phone system services.Wherever it is hosted (Microsoft AppSources or Azure Marketplace)  ONEvSBC can perform security functions  interoperability mediation in the network and improve quality of experience.ONEvSBC is a Virtual Network Function (VNF) built based on Ekinops OneOS6 rich and open software solution enabling a full range of built-in software services.""Making our ONEvSBC available in the Microsoft Azure Marketplace helps Service Providers to move to the cloud quickly and easily "" said Sylvain Quartier  Vice President of Marketing and Product Strategy for Access at Ekinops. ""They can now offer SBC services to Enterprise directly from Azure  making the deployment efficient  fast and secured.""All press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.frPressAmaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/4097249/Ekinops_Logo.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-provides-direct-routing-voice-and-security-capabilities-to-microsoft-teams-customers-from-the-azure-marketplace-301855743.htmlSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['Direct Routing Voice', 'Microsoft Teams Customers', 'Security Capabilities', 'Azure Marketplace', 'Ekinops', 'Teams phone system services', 'powerful cloud computing capabilities', 'Session Border Controller', 'Didier Brédy', 'scalable virtual SBC', 'multi-tenant virtual SBC', 'open software solution', 'Microsoft Teams Customers', 'Enterprise connectivity solutions', 'Virtual Network Function', 'Telecom service providers', 'Ekinops OneOS6 rich', 'Direct Routing Voice', 'voice service providers', 'Microsoft Azure marketplace', 'Security Capabilities', 'voice services', 'software services', 'SBC services', 'Microsoft AppSources', 'Microsoft-certified SBC', 'Azure services', 'lightning-fast performance', 'continuous availability', 'lower CAPEX', 'faster Go', 'Unified Communications', 'smooth migration', 'security functions', 'interoperability mediation', 'full range', 'Sylvain Quartier', 'Vice President', 'Product Strategy', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'original content', 'Euronext Paris', 'press releases', 'Press relation', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'Ekinops Logo', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'specialist', 'ONEvSBC', 'PRNewsfoto', 'scalability', 'carriers', 'enterprises', 'organizations', 'sizes', 'operations', 'efficiency', 'UCaaS', 'quality', 'experience', 'VNF', 'Marketing', 'Access', 'deployment', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'momnes', 'actus', 'Ekinops_Logo', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'direct-routing-voice', 'security-capabilities', 'microsoft-teams-customers', 'azure-marketplace', '33', '1 53']",2023-06-20,2023-06-20,finance.yahoo.com
26401,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/racing-force/cp/2023/06/20/the-board-of-directors-approves-the-2022-sustainability-report-and-the-assignment-of-rights-for-the-first-tranche-of-the-2023,The Board of Directors approves the 2022 Sustainability Report and the assignment of rights for the first tranche of the 2023-2025 Stock Grant Plan,The Board of Directors approves the 2022 Sustainability Report and the assignment of rights for the first tranche of the 2023-2025 Stock Grant Plan,"20/06/2023 - 18:05Racing Force S.p.A. (the ""Company"")  parent company of Racing Force Group (the ""Group"")  specialized in the development  production and marketing of safety components for motorsport worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan (RFG) and Paris (ALRFG)  announces that the Company's Board of Directors has resolved (i) to approve the 2022 sustainability report (the ""Report"")  as well as (ii) to implement the incentive plan ""Stock Grant Plan 2023-2025 ” (the “Plan”) – as approved by the Company's shareholders' meeting on April 28th  2023 and in compliance with the provisions set out in the Plan regulation  approved by the board of directors on April 11th  2023 (the “Regulation”).SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022The Report  prepared following the guidelines of the ""Global Reporting Initiative"" (GRI)  describes the Group's approach to environmental and social sustainability issues  illustrating the main activities relating to the year 2022.The Sustainability Report is a document drawn up on a voluntary basis  which testifies to the Group's commitment and transparency towards the issues of sustainability and social responsibility and especially towards people  partners  customers and suppliers  the community in which work and the environment.The Report is part of a series of initiatives undertaken in 2022  including the adoption of the Group's code of ethics and the implementation by the Company of an organization  management and control model pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001.In this perspective  the current investment plan  which involves the main operating offices of the Group  is inspired by sustainability criteria  which will make it possible to reduce the environmental impact of the Group's activities and  at the same time  achieve improvements in terms of energy efficiency.For more details  see the Report available to the public on the Company's website at www.racingforce.com  in the ""Sustainability - Sustainability Report"" section.EXECUTION OF THE 2023-2025 STOCK GRANT PLANWith reference to the first tranche of the Plan (the ""First Tranche"")  the Board of Directors has (i) identified by name the beneficiaries of the Plan (the ""Beneficiaries"") and (ii) the maximum number of rights to receive ordinary shares of Racing Force S.p.A. for each of them  according to the terms and conditions of the Regulation (the ""Rights"")  as well as (iii) determined the performance objectives the achievement of which will be subject  pursuant to the Regulation itself  to the allocation of shares to each Beneficiary (the “Goals"").In particular  the Board of Directors has established the quantity of Rights to be assigned to the Beneficiaries  for the First Tranche  in a maximum of no. 136 600 out of no. 1 000 000 Rights that can be assigned overall in execution of the Plan  therefore corresponding to no. 136 600 shares of the Company.The Beneficiaries have been divided into various categories  based on their role and responsibilities within the Company and the Group  to which a different number of Rights have been assigned  in accordance with the Plan:- Category A: top management;- Category B: manager with strategic responsibility;- Category C: manager with significant responsibility  even if not strategic.Within category A  the number of Rights assigned to each Beneficiary has been determined based on the responsibilities of the individual managers. Otherwise  there are no differentiations for the number of Rights assigned to individual Beneficiaries belonging to categories B and C  within the same category.For further details in relation to the Plan  please refer to the Information Document already made available to the public pursuant to articles 114-bis of Legislative Decree 24 February 1998 no. 58 and 84-bis  first paragraph  of the regulation adopted by Consob with resolution no. 11971 of 14 May 1999 and subsequent amendments and additions.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['2023-2025 Stock Grant Plan', 'The Board', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'first tranche', 'Directors', 'assignment', 'rights', 'Racing Force S.p.A.', '2023-2025 STOCK GRANT PLAN', 'Racing Force Group', 'Euronext Growth segment', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'main operating offices', 'current investment plan', 'social sustainability issues', 'The Sustainability Report', 'Category A', 'social responsibility', 'safety components', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'main activities', 'voluntary basis', 'organization, management', 'control model', 'Legislative Decree', 'sustainability criteria', 'same time', 'energy efficiency', 'first tranche', 'performance objectives', 'top management', 'Category B', 'strategic responsibility', 'Category C', 'significant responsibility', 'individual managers', 'same category', 'first paragraph', 'subsequent amendments', 'incentive plan', '2022 sustainability report', 'The Report', 'environmental impact', 'various categories', 'different number', 'Information Document', 'ordinary shares', 'individual Beneficiaries', 'parent company', 'Plan regulation', 'maximum number', '136,600 shares', 'development', 'production', 'marketing', 'motorsport', 'Milan', 'RFG', 'Paris', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'compliance', 'provisions', 'guidelines', 'GRI', 'approach', 'year', 'commitment', 'transparency', 'people', 'partners', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'community', 'series', 'initiatives', 'adoption', 'code', 'ethics', 'implementation', 'perspective', 'improvements', 'terms', 'details', 'public', 'website', 'racingforce', 'section', 'EXECUTION', 'reference', 'name', 'rights', 'conditions', 'achievement', 'allocation', 'Beneficiary', 'Goals', 'quantity', 'role', 'accordance', 'differentiations', 'relation', 'articles', 'bis', 'February', 'Consob', 'resolution', '14 May', 'additions']",2023-06-20,2023-06-20,actusnews.com
26402,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-154000705.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Disclosure of transparency notification,Mechelen  Belgium  20 June 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  announces today  in accordance with Article 14  paragraph 1 of the Belgian Act of 2 May ...,"Biocartis NVPRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION20 June 2023  17:40 CESTDisclosure of transparency notificationMechelen  Belgium  20 June 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  announces today  in accordance with Article 14  paragraph 1 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and laying down miscellaneous provisions (the ""Belgian Transparency Act"")  that on 19 June 2023 it received a transparency notification indicating that on 12 June 2023 UBS Group AG acquired the control of Credit Suisse Group AG  who (indirectly) held a position in Biocartis.The notification contains the following information:Reason for the n otification : Acquisition or disposal of the control of an undertaking that holds a participating interest in an issuer.Notification by : A parent undertaking or a controlling person.Person subject to the notification requirement : UBS Group AG  Bahnhofstrasse 45  8001 Zürich  Switzerland.Transaction date : 12 June 2023.Threshold that is crossed : 3%.Denominator : 93 469 933.Notified details : UBS Group AG indirectly holds 4.49% of the total number of voting rights in Biocartis.Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively being held : The notification sets out that the person subject to the notification obligation is UBS Group AG  who holds the participation indirectly through its subsidiaries  as follows: Credit Suisse AG  indirectly through Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG and Credit Suisse Asset Management International Holding Ltd  indirectly through Credit Suisse Asset Management & Investor Services (Schweiz) Holding AG  indirectly through Credit Suisse Fund Management S.A.Additional information: Disclosure triggered due to the legal closing of the merger between UBS Group AG and Credit Suisse Group AG and the aggregation of the relevant interest of both companies as upon closing Credit Suisse Group AG ceased to exist and UBS Group AG was the surviving entity.For further information  reference is made to the notification which are available here on the Biocartis website.Pursuant to the Belgian Transparency Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (‘FSMA’) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights in the Company held by such persons reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.--- END ---More information:Investor Relations Biocartise-mail ir@biocartis.comtel +32 15 632 600@Biocartis_ www.linkedin.com/BiocartisAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.15,0.66,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', 'transparency notification', 'Disclosure', 'Credit Suisse Asset Management International Holding Ltd', 'Credit Suisse Fund Management S.A.', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'Credit Suisse Group AG', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'Credit Suisse AG', 'UBS Group AG', 'fastest growing segment', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'Belgian Transparency Act', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'Holding AG', 'Belgian Act', 'Investor Services', 'molecular testing', 'regulated market', 'Full chain', 'product labeling', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'major shareholdings', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'participating interest', '8001 Zürich', 'Transaction date', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'controlled undertakings', 'legal closing', 'relevant interest', 'surviving entity', 'Markets Authority', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'Exchange Commission', 'current expectations', 'Biocartis NV', 'The Biocartis', 'transparency notification', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following information', 'Additional information', 'More information', 'parent undertaking', 'universal access', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Biocartis website', 'notification requirement', 'notification obligation', 'legal persons', 'controlling person', '20 June', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'accordance', 'Article', 'paragraph', '2 May', 'issuers', 'shares', '19 June', '12 June', 'position', 'Reason', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'Bahnhofstrasse', 'Switzerland', 'Threshold', 'Denominator', 'details', 'participation', 'subsidiaries', 'Schweiz', 'merger', 'aggregation', 'companies', 'reference', 'association', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'case', 'percentage', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'result', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'uses', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions']",2023-06-20,2023-06-20,uk.finance.yahoo.com
26403,EuroNext,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4612414-akzo-nobel-cheap-paint-producer,Akzo Nobel: A Cheap Paint Producer (OTCMKTS:AKZOF),Akzo Nobel's rapidly reducing gross debt will result in lower interest expenses going forward. Click here to see why the stock is a Buy.,hansenn/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesIntroductionThere's only a handful of paint producers in the world with a global footprint and sufficient economies of scale to unlock the benefits. Akzo Nobel (OTCQX:AKZOF) (OTCQX:AKZOY) is one of those leaders and the Dutch company has been a very consistent performer in the past few years.Yahoo FinanceAkzo Nobel's primary listing is on Euronext Amsterdam where the company is trading with AKZA as its ticker symbol. As it clearly is the most liquid listing with an average daily volume of roughly 400 000 shares I'd strongly recommend to use the Amsterdam listing to trade in Akzo's shares. There also are options available. There are currently 170.5M shares outstanding  resulting in a market cap of around 12.1B EUR.Q1 was okay  but keep the impact of seasonality in mindBefore discussing the Q1 results  keep in mind Akzo Nobel has to deal with the impact of seasonality. Its first and fourth quarters are traditionally the worst quarters while Q2 and Q3 (the summer quarters) are better for this producer of paint and coatings. This means we for sure cannot extrapolate the Q1 result to figure out if the company is still on track for a strong year.The total revenue in the first quarter increased by approximately 5% to 2.66B EUR but the gross profit remained virtually unchanged which further confirms the impact of margin pressure. And as the SG&A expenses increased  the operating income actually decreased by in excess of 20%.Akzo Nobel Investor RelationsIt also shouldn't come as a surprise to see a higher net financing expense  and this resulted in a pre-tax profit of 151M EUR and a net income of 106M EUR of which 94M EUR was attributable to the shareholders of Akzo Nobel. This represents 0.55 EUR per share  and that's a 40% decrease compared to the first quarter of last year.That definitely isn't great news  let's be clear about that. But let's also not forget the adjusted operating income was about 36M EUR higher than the 182M EUR reported operating income. And the adjusted operating income of 218M EUR is only slightly lower than the 230M EUR in adjusted operating income generated in Q1 of last year.I am usually not too keen on using 'adjusted' numbers (other than for instance adjusting operating cash flows for changes in the working capital position) but in Akzo Nobel's case  the adjustment is the result of a restructuring process  and in this case  I am willing to accept these are non-recurring items and an adjusted operating profit is a more realistic and fair way to compare quarters and Akzo's absolute performance.That being said  the company's operating cash flow wasn't that great either (it looks like the restructuring items were mainly cash items) and the reported operating cash flow was a negative 50M EUR.Akzo Nobel Investor RelationsThat's again nothing to be too worried about as there traditionally is a build-up of the working capital elements in the first quarter of the year  and the higher working capital generally gets released during the busier quarters. The operating cash flow before changes in the working capital position was approximately 211M EUR.The total capex was only 62M EUR so on a pre-working capital basis  the underlying free cash flow was 149M EUR or 87 cents per share.As you may have noticed  the interest expenses have sharply increased in the first quarter compared to a year ago  and this is directly related to the acquisition of Kansai Paint Africa. Fortunately  Akzo's CFO has taken action and the company recently issued a 500M EUR 10-year bond with a 4% coupon. This should reduce the uncertainty regarding the interest expenses and provide better visibility going forward. Akzo has reaffirmed its commitment to reduce the debt ratio to less than 3.4 times EBITDA by the end of this year and reiterated its vision to keep the debt ratio below 2 on a normalized basis.This also means we shouldn't expect to see Akzo pursuing larger M&A deals but we may continue to see smaller bolt-on acquisitions like the purchase of the Chinese Decorative Paints business from Sherwin-Williams (SHW). While Akzo didn't disclose the total purchase price  the company only has one manufacturing plant and generates a revenue of 100M EUR per year so I can't imagine the purchase price was very steep.Investment thesisAkzo Nobel is managing its balance sheet quite well and I'm glad to see the efforts to reduce the net debt remain a priority for the company. I expect Akzo to reach the targeted leverage ratio by the end of 2025 as I expect the EBITDA to normalize above 1.5B EUR.For this year  Akzo Nobel is targeting an adjusted EBITDA of 1.2-1.5B EUR  of which 269M EUR has been generated in the first quarter. This means the total EBITDA over the next three quarters will likely exceed 1B EUR. On an EV/EBITDA basis  Akzo is currently trading at just around 10 (decreasing to just over 9 in 2024 on the back of a slightly higher EBITDA and lower net debt)  which makes it substantially cheaper than for instance a Sherwin-Williams (trading at an EV/EBITDA multiple in the high-teens range) and PPG Industries (in the mid-teens range).I currently have no position in Akzo Nobel as I was hoping for the stock to get a bit cheaper. I may change my strategy and write some out-of-the-money put options as suggested in my previous article. The P58 I mentioned expired out of the money last Friday so I might be looking to write a P65 for September but I may wait for a weaker day on the markets before pulling the trigger.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.,neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,mixed,0.43,0.07,0.5,True,English,"['A Cheap Paint Producer', 'Akzo Nobel', 'OTCMKTS', 'AKZOF', 'Chinese Decorative Paints business', 'larger M&A deals', '500M EUR 10-year bond', 'underlying free cash flow', 'higher net financing expense', 'Akzo Nobel Investor Relations', 'average daily volume', 'working capital position', 'working capital elements', 'higher working capital', 'one manufacturing plant', 'SG&A expenses', 'operating cash flow', 'negative 50M EUR', 'EV/EBITDA multiple i', 'working capital basis', 'Kansai Paint Africa', 'next three quarters', 'lower net debt', 'adjusted operating income', 'total purchase price', 'cash items', 'net income', 'EV/EBITDA basis', 'higher EBITDA', '94M EUR', '182M EUR', '230M EUR', 'operating profit', '269M EUR', ""adjusted' numbers"", 'interest expenses', 'normalized basis', 'total capex', 'debt ratio', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'total EBITDA', 'Getty Images', 'paint producers', 'global footprint', 'sufficient economies', 'consistent performer', 'Yahoo Finance', 'primary listing', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'liquid listing', 'Amsterdam listing', 'market cap', 'fourth quarters', 'worst quarters', 'summer quarters', 'gross profit', 'margin pressure', 'pre-tax profit', 'great news', 'restructuring process', 'recurring items', 'fair way', 'absolute performance', 'restructuring items', 'busier quarters', 'smaller bolt', 'Investment thesis', 'balance sheet', 'leverage ratio', 'first quarter', '3.4 times EBITDA', 'total revenue', 'Q1 results', 'strong year', 'last year', '170.5M shares', 'Dutch company', '400,000 shares', 'Editorial', 'Introduction', 'handful', 'world', 'scale', 'benefits', 'AKZOF', 'leaders', 'past', 'years', 'AKZA', 'options', '12.1B', 'impact', 'seasonality', 'mind', 'Q2', 'Q3', 'coatings', 'track', 'excess', 'surprise', '151M', '106M', 'shareholders', '40% decrease', '218M', 'changes', 'case', 'adjustment', 'realistic', 'build-up', '62M', '87 cents', 'acquisition', 'CFO', 'action', '4% coupon', 'uncertainty', 'visibility', 'commitment', 'less', 'end', 'vision', 'Sherwin-Williams', 'SHW', '100M', 'efforts', 'priority', '1.5B', 'back', 'instance', '0.55']",2023-06-20,2023-06-20,seekingalpha.com
26404,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.informazione.it/c/0CB25069-E5ED-45EC-BE57-62BF6B5ED242/Sidetrade-wins-global-tender-with-a-German-leader-in-life-sciences,Sidetrade wins global tender with a German leader in life sciences,Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA)  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash solutions   announces that it has signed a worldwide contract with a Fortune 500 German life sciences company. Signed for an initial five-year period ,Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA)  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash solutions   announces that it has signed a worldwide contract with a Fortune 500 German life sciences company. Signed for an initial five-year period ,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['global tender', 'German leader', 'life sciences', 'Sidetrade', 'Fortune 500 German life sciences company', 'initial five-year period', 'Euronext Growth', 'global leader', 'AI-powered Order', 'Cash solutions', 'worldwide contract', 'Sidetrade', 'ALBFR']",2023-06-20,2023-06-20,informazione.it
26405,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/business/italian-yacht-maker-ferrettis-shares-admitted-euronext-milan-2023-06-20/,Italian yacht maker Ferretti's shares admitted to Euronext Milan,Italy's Chinese-owned luxury yacht maker Ferretti said on Tuesday its shares have been admitted to Borsa Italiana's Euronext Milan exchange.,ROME  June 20 (Reuters) - Italy's Chinese-owned luxury yacht maker Ferretti (F3T1.F) said on Tuesday its shares have been admitted to Borsa Italiana's Euronext Milan exchange.Share trading  due to start on June 27 pending regulatory approval  is part of a dual listing  as Ferretti shares have been part of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since last year.Chinese conglomerate Weichai Group  through Ferretti International Holding S.p.A.  currently has a 63.75% stake in the yacht maker  whose brands include Riva  Pershing and Wally.The offer period for the Milan listing is set to commence on Wednesday and end on Thursday and will involve up to 88.5 million shares  equal to 26.1% of Ferretti's share capital.However  if an over-allotment option is fully exercised  the total number of shares included in the offering will amount to around 28.7% of the share capital  the company said.The over-allotment option  equivalent to 10% of the shares in the offering  is reserved for Italian bank Unicredit (CRDI.MI)  which is acting as stabilisation manager on behalf of the joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners of the offering.Reporting by Alvise Armellini Editing by Keith WeirOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Italian yacht maker', 'Euronext Milan', 'Ferretti', 'shares', 'Ferretti International Holding S.p.A.', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Chinese conglomerate Weichai Group', 'Hong Kong Stock Exchange', 'Chinese-owned luxury yacht maker', 'Euronext Milan exchange', 'Italian bank Unicredit', 'joint global coordinators', 'to 88.5 million shares', 'Milan listing', 'joint bookrunners', 'Ferretti shares', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Share trading', 'regulatory approval', 'dual listing', 'last year', 'offer period', 'share capital', 'allotment option', 'total number', 'CRDI.MI', 'stabilisation manager', 'Alvise Armellini', 'Keith Weir', 'ROME', 'Italy', 'Tuesday', 'June', 'part', '63.75% stake', 'brands', 'Riva', 'Pershing', 'Wally', 'Wednesday', 'Thursday', 'offering', 'company', 'behalf', 'Reporting', 'Standards']",2023-06-20,2023-06-20,reuters.com
26406,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-aviation-dassault-syst-mes-083800477.html,Dassault Aviation and Dassault Systèmes Partner to Bring Secure  Sovereign Collaboration on the Cloud to Next Generation Defense Programs,Dassault Aviation and Dassault Systèmes Partner to Bring Secure  Sovereign Collaboration on the Cloud to Next Generation Defense Programs Dassault Aviation will use Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud to develop its next-generation fighter ,Dassault AviationDassault Aviation and Dassault Systèmes Partner to Bring Secure  Sovereign Collaboration on the Cloud to Next Generation Defense ProgramsDassault Aviation will use Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud to develop its next-generation fighter  a key project in the Future Combat Air SystemThe 3DEXPERIENCE platform operated on OUTSCALE provides a dedicated sovereign defense cloud with the highest level of security and continuous software developmentsThis next step in their long-term collaboration is a key driver of a European sovereign cloud that can influence other sectors such as health care and public servicesLe Bourget  France  June 20  2023 — Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) and Dassault Aviation (Euronext Paris FR0014004L86  AM.PA) today announced at the Paris Air Show  the next step in their long-term collaboration aimed at bringing the highest levels of security  sovereignty and collaboration on the cloud to major defense programs.Dassault Aviation will use Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud to develop its next-generation fighter  a key project in the Future Combat Air System industrial collaboration to ensure the future of European autonomy and sovereignty in defense and security.This cloud environment will be localized in Dassault Aviation premises and operated by Dassault Systèmes through its OUTSCALE brand  whose SecNumCloud qualification is the highest security recognition given by the National Cybersecurity Agency of France.The 3DEXPERIENCE platform provides a dedicated sovereign defense cloud in which Dassault Aviation and its partners can develop the fighter with greater agility in a highly secured and scalable environment. Users will benefit from continuous software developments by Dassault Systèmes that deliver the latest capabilities in systems engineering  program management  design  simulation and other disciplines.“France and Europe need to build up a sovereign Cloud capability  so that they can develop collaborative defense programs with the best possible functionality. Initiatives are already in place outside Europe. We need to stay in the race. In Europe  we are fortunate to have the world leader in digital solutions for the development of industrial products in the Cloud. For our part  we're an industrial architect  a custodian of sovereignty technologies and experienced in prime contracting for major military programs  both in France and in multinational cooperation. This partnership between Dassault Aviation and Dassault Systèmes provides the first collaborative engineering solution adapted to the cyber regulations required for defense programs  and evolving at the speed of the Cloud ” said Eric Trappier  Chairman and CEO  Dassault Aviation.As part of Dassault Aviation’s ongoing digital transformation  Dassault Systèmes will also extend this infrastructure to all of Dassault Aviation’s new programs  to provide a consistent  secure environment for seamless  compliant programs.“Society today is faced with profound challenges requiring defense programs that can ensure a safer future for citizens. In this context  industry innovators working with highly sensitive data must transform their programs – and how they work with their ecosystems – to secure every phase of development ” said Bernard Charlès  Chairman and CEO  Dassault Systèmes. “Today  our ongoing partnership with Dassault Aviation is reaching new heights – positioning us as key actors in the emergence of a European sovereign cloud with the highest level of security. As the strategic  sovereign cloud partner for governments and companies  we can bring the same security in defense to other industries such as health care and public services.”Dassault Aviation will rely on the “Winning Concept ” “Program Excellence ” “Co-Design to Target” and “Ready for Rate” industry solution experiences based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform  which simplify and streamline the development of highly complex systems and programs to meet budget  schedule and performance targets.Social media:Connect with Dassault Systèmes on Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTubeFor more information:Dassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences for Aerospace and Defense: https://www.3ds.com/industries/aerospace-defense/aerospace-defense-solutionsDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.com###About Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all –consumers  patients and citizens. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.About Dassault AviationWith over 10 000 military and civil aircraft (including 2 700 Falcons) delivered in more than 90 countries over the last century  Dassault Aviation has built up expertise recognized worldwide in the design  development  sale and support of all types of aircraft  ranging from the Rafale fighter  to the high-end Falcon family of business jets  military drones and space systems. In 2022  Dassault Aviation reported revenues of €6.9 billion. The company has 12 700 employees.www.dassault-aviation.comtwitter.com/dassault_onairlinkedin.com/company/dassault-aviationfacebook.com/dassaultaviationDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com +33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North America Natasha LEVANTI natasha.levanti@3ds.com +1 (508) 449 8097EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG virginie.blindenberg@3ds.com +33 (0) 1 61 62 84 21China Grace MU grace.mu@3ds.com +86 10 6536 2288India Kriti ASHOK kriti.ashok@3ds.com +91 9741310607Japan Misae HASHIDA misae.hashida@3ds.com +81 3 4321 3418Korea Jeemin JEONG jeemin.jeong@3ds.com +82 2 3271 6653AP South Minming CHEN minming.chen@3ds.com +65 6511 7931Dassault Aviation Press ContactsCorporate/France:Stéphane Fort - Tel.: +33 (0)1 47 11 86 90 - stephane.fort@dassault-aviation.comMathieu Durand - Tel.: +33 (0)1 47 11 85 88 - mathieu.durand@dassault-aviation.comHD photos: mediaprophoto.dassault-aviation.comHD videos: mediaprovideo.dassault-aviation.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Next Generation Defense Programs', 'Dassault Systèmes Partner', 'Secure, Sovereign Collaboration', 'Dassault Aviation', 'Cloud', 'Future Combat Air System industrial collaboration', 'Dassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences', 'Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube', 'first collaborative engineering solution', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'strategic, sovereign cloud partner', 'Dassault Systèmes Partner', 'dedicated sovereign defense cloud', 'Next Generation Defense Programs', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Paris Air Show', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'Secure, Sovereign Collaboration', 'continuous software developments', 'National Cybersecurity Agency', 'best possible functionality', 'Bernard Charlès', 'sovereign Cloud capability', 'ongoing digital transformation', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'major military programs', 'seamless, compliant programs', 'consistent, secure environment', 'European sovereign cloud', 'collaborative defense programs', '3D design software', 'major defense programs', 'Dassault Aviation premises', 'highest security recognition', 'industry innovators', 'industrial products', 'industrial architect', 'safer future', 'systems engineering', 'digital solutions', 'long-term collaboration', 'next step', 'European autonomy', 'cloud environment', 'program management', 'new programs', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', 'Euronext Paris', 'scalable environment', 'highest level', 'key project', 'key driver', 'other sectors', 'health care', 'public services', 'Le Bourget', 'SecNumCloud qualification', 'greater agility', 'latest capabilities', 'other disciplines', 'prime contracting', 'multinational cooperation', 'cyber regulations', 'Eric Trappier', 'profound challenges', 'sensitive data', 'ongoing partnership', 'new heights', 'key actors', 'Winning Concept', 'Program Excellence', 'complex systems', 'performance targets', 'Social media', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'Experience Economy', 'human-centered economy', 'next-generation fighter', 'world leader', 'real world', 'same security', 'other industries', 'sovereignty technologies', 'France', 'June', 'DSY', 'brand', 'secured', 'Users', 'simulation', 'Initiatives', 'place', 'race', 'custodian', 'speed', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'infrastructure', 'Society', 'citizens', 'context', 'ecosystems', 'phase', 'emergence', 'governments', 'companies', 'budget', 'schedule', 'information', 'Aerospace', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'creation', 'production', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit']",2023-06-20,2023-06-20,finance.yahoo.com
26407,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-06/59376244-cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-015.htm,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 100 000 100 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.1800 GBP1.0080 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.1660 GBP0.9960 ...,"DJ Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own SharesCairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 20-Jun-2023 / 07:00 GMT/BST-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------20 June 2023Cairn Homes plc (the ""Company"")Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 19 June 2023 it purchased a total of 200 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 100 000 100 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.1800 GBP1.0080 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.1660 GBP0.9960 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.172749 GBP1.000538The purchases form part of the Company's share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 673 537 261 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBP Euronext Dublin Number of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 198 1.178 XDUB 08:32:05 00065914175TRLO0 8 1.178 XDUB 08:32:05 00065914176TRLO0 1019 1.180 XDUB 08:32:05 00065914177TRLO0 525 1.176 XDUB 09:28:05 00065915148TRLO0 2500 1.176 XDUB 09:37:27 00065915245TRLO0 2265 1.176 XDUB 11:16:16 00065916979TRLO0 942 1.176 XDUB 12:13:53 00065918004TRLO0 5170 1.176 XDUB 12:13:53 00065918005TRLO0 1209 1.172 XDUB 12:13:53 00065918008TRLO0 4753 1.172 XDUB 12:13:53 00065918009TRLO0 2000 1.174 XDUB 12:13:56 00065918016TRLO0 853 1.174 XDUB 12:17:35 00065918054TRLO0 5000 1.174 XDUB 12:17:35 00065918055TRLO0 564 1.174 XDUB 12:17:35 00065918056TRLO0 1158 1.172 XDUB 12:17:37 00065918058TRLO0 512 1.172 XDUB 12:17:37 00065918059TRLO0 3413 1.172 XDUB 12:17:37 00065918060TRLO0 5000 1.174 XDUB 12:54:43 00065918858TRLO0 478 1.174 XDUB 12:54:43 00065918859TRLO0 315 1.174 XDUB 12:54:43 00065918860TRLO0 5819 1.174 XDUB 13:39:45 00065919808TRLO0 5000 1.174 XDUB 13:39:45 00065919809TRLO0 385 1.174 XDUB 13:39:45 00065919810TRLO0 120 1.174 XDUB 13:39:45 00065919811TRLO0 5157 1.174 XDUB 14:10:45 00065920566TRLO0 386 1.174 XDUB 14:10:45 00065920567TRLO0 4106 1.174 XDUB 14:10:45 00065920568TRLO0 5000 1.174 XDUB 14:33:24 00065921355TRLO0 2043 1.174 XDUB 14:33:24 00065921356TRLO0 5000 1.174 XDUB 14:36:39 00065921471TRLO0 799 1.174 XDUB 14:36:39 00065921472TRLO0 5179 1.172 XDUB 15:08:19 00065923043TRLO0 3238 1.172 XDUB 15:22:23 00065923572TRLO0 5041 1.172 XDUB 15:22:59 00065923615TRLO0 2153 1.172 XDUB 15:22:59 00065923616TRLO0 5000 1.166 XDUB 15:50:54 00065924597TRLO0 419 1.166 XDUB 16:00:54 00065924919TRLO0 157 1.166 XDUB 16:00:54 00065924920TRLO0 4630 1.166 XDUB 16:00:54 00065924921TRLO0 398 1.166 XDUB 16:07:35 00065925245TRLO0 464 1.166 XDUB 16:07:35 00065925246TRLO0 405 1.166 XDUB 16:07:45 00065925264TRLO0 752 1.166 XDUB 16:11:45 00065925406TRLO0 467 1.166 XDUB 16:11:45 00065925407TRLO0London Stock ExchangeNumber of shares Price per Share (GBP) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 971 100.80 XLON 08:32:13 00065914179TRLO0 1223 100.60 XLON 11:03:13 00065916771TRLO0 106 100.60 XLON 11:03:13 00065916772TRLO0 838 100.60 XLON 11:03:13 00065916773TRLO0 4598 100.20 XLON 12:13:53 00065918001TRLO0 2807 100.20 XLON 12:13:53 00065918002TRLO0 1518 100.20 XLON 12:13:53 00065918003TRLO0 4757 99.90 XLON 12:13:53 00065918006TRLO0 406 99.60 XLON 12:13:53 00065918007TRLO0 3068 100.20 XLON 12:13:53 00065918010TRLO0 340 100.20 XLON 12:13:54 00065918011TRLO0 2141 100.20 XLON 12:13:54 00065918012TRLO0 1035 100.20 XLON 12:13:56 00065918013TRLO0 231 100.20 XLON 12:13:56 00065918014TRLO0 3826 100.20 XLON 12:13:56 00065918015TRLO0 836 99.90 XLON 12:15:44 00065918028TRLO0 3789 99.90 XLON 12:15:44 00065918029TRLO0 102 100.20 XLON 12:24:35 00065918129TRLO0 111 100.20 XLON 12:24:35 00065918130TRLO0 168 100.20 XLON 12:24:35 00065918131TRLO0 4381 100.20 XLON 12:24:35 00065918132TRLO0 5028 100.20 XLON 12:53:43 00065918649TRLO0 6704 100.20 XLON 13:16:37 00065919355TRLO0 4280 100.20 XLON 14:09:37 00065920519TRLO0 4227 100.20 XLON 14:36:37 00065921470TRLO0 2303 100.20 XLON 14:42:12 00065921725TRLO0 2550 100.20 XLON 15:08:19 00065923040TRLO0 4094 100.20 XLON 15:08:19 00065923041TRLO0 4492 100.20 XLON 15:08:19 00065923042TRLO0 1012 99.90 XLON 15:22:23 00065923570TRLO0 3228 99.90 XLON 15:22:23 00065923571TRLO0 4024 99.70 XLON 15:43:24 00065924323TRLO0 4760 99.70 XLON 15:53:24 00065924670TRLO0 4648 99.70 XLON 16:03:24 00065925096TRLO0 761 99.80 XLON 16:15:24 00065925584TRLO0 4190 99.80 XLON 16:15:24 00065925585TRLO0 838 99.80 XLON 16:17:24 00065925705TRLO0 838 99.80 XLON 16:17:24 00065925706TRLO0 81 99.80 XLON 16:17:24 00065925707TRLO0 14 99.80 XLON 16:18:24 00065925734TRLO0 14 99.80 XLON 16:18:55 00065925739TRLO0 64 99.80 XLON 16:19:00 00065925742TRLO0 4598 99.70 XLON 16:22:00 00065925939TRLO0----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: POS TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 OAM Categories: 2.4. Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares Sequence No.: 251953 EQS News ID: 1660675 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Image link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1660675&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresJune 20  2023 02:00 ET (06:00 GMT)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Timezone GMT Currency EUR', 'Numis Securities Ltd', 'DJ Cairn Homes Plc', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Trading Venue Time', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Issuer Name', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Dublin Number', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', '100,000 Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'shares Price', '673,537,261 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Own Shares', 'Company Secretary', 'The Company', 'CRN', 'BST', '20 June', '19 June', 'broker', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'No', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'LEI', 'GBP', 'XDUB', 'XLON', '07', '76', '72']",2023-06-05,2023-06-20,finanznachrichten.de
