UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
19536,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/05UFGWPBwU,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/05UFGWPBwU,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,True,English,"['ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'UFGWPBwU', 'ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'UFGWPBwU']",2023-03-02,2023-03-08,Unknown
19645,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@WorkingMoneyCH @BNPParibas @wef @Ripple Lieve Mostrey is Euroclear Bank CEO… she is very well placed to know about… https://t.co/yjl49FWFqU,nan,@WorkingMoneyCH @BNPParibas @wef @Ripple Lieve Mostrey is Euroclear Bank CEO… she is very well placed to know about… https://t.co/yjl49FWFqU,positive,0.8,0.2,0.01,positive,0.8,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Ripple Lieve Mostrey', 'Euroclear Bank CEO', 'WorkingMoneyCH', 'BNPParibas', 'Ripple Lieve Mostrey', 'Euroclear Bank CEO', 'WorkingMoneyCH', 'BNPParibas']",2023-03-03,2023-03-08,Unknown
19651,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Researching OTA TV antennas and may go with the ClearStream 4MAX. The hard part of installing it will be trying to… https://t.co/xudvsqcuLK,nan,Researching OTA TV antennas and may go with the ClearStream 4MAX. The hard part of installing it will be trying to… https://t.co/xudvsqcuLK,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['OTA TV antennas', 'ClearStream 4MAX', 'hard part', 'OTA TV antennas', 'ClearStream 4MAX', 'hard part']",2023-03-03,2023-03-08,Unknown
19652,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Green ravine of early summerhttps://t.co/0LZVzBhBpl#Earlysummer #valley #mountainstream #clearstream #river… https://t.co/augS9RZyp8,nan,Green ravine of early summerhttps://t.co/0LZVzBhBpl#Earlysummer #valley #mountainstream #clearstream #river… https://t.co/augS9RZyp8,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.02,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.02,True,English,"['Green ravine', 'early summer', 'valley', 'mountainstream', 'river', 'Green ravine', 'early summer', 'valley', 'mountainstream', 'river']",2023-03-03,2023-03-08,Unknown
19654,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@GMcdooble @BossBlunts1 @CEOAdam Hilarious. You know what you have to sign up for when Deutsche Börse is apart of… https://t.co/EzfLDa5CLr,nan,@GMcdooble @BossBlunts1 @CEOAdam Hilarious. You know what you have to sign up for when Deutsche Börse is apart of… https://t.co/EzfLDa5CLr,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'CEOAdam Hilarious', 'GMcdooble', 'BossBlunts1', 'EzfLDa5CLr', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CEOAdam Hilarious', 'GMcdooble', 'BossBlunts1', 'EzfLDa5CLr']",2023-03-03,2023-03-08,Unknown
19655,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SLG_artupdates: 📸SLG RECOMMENDS! The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 opens today at @TPGallery… https://t.co/ePK1G7JtaL,nan,SLG_artupdates: 📸SLG RECOMMENDS! The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 opens today at @TPGallery… https://t.co/ePK1G7JtaL,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'SLG RECOMMENDS', 'SLG_artupdates', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'SLG RECOMMENDS', 'SLG_artupdates']",2023-03-03,2023-03-08,Unknown
19656,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📸SLG RECOMMENDS! The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 opens today at @TPGallery  Don’t miss out… https://t.co/SsirvukS57,nan,📸SLG RECOMMENDS! The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 opens today at @TPGallery  Don’t miss out… https://t.co/SsirvukS57,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'SLG RECOMMENDS', 'SsirvukS57', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'SLG RECOMMENDS', 'SsirvukS57']",2023-03-03,2023-03-08,Unknown
19657,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/5D26AqNYlG,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/5D26AqNYlG,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'D26AqNYlG', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'D26AqNYlG']",2023-03-03,2023-03-08,Unknown
19658,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Welcome to Spring at TPG! 🌸🌼🌱⁠⁠Our galleries are now open with three new exhibitions  Deutsche Börse Photography… https://t.co/hw3jSihOGZ,nan,Welcome to Spring at TPG! 🌸🌼🌱⁠⁠Our galleries are now open with three new exhibitions  Deutsche Börse Photography… https://t.co/hw3jSihOGZ,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography', 'three new exhibitions', 'Spring', 'TPG', 'galleries', 'Deutsche Börse Photography', 'three new exhibitions', 'Spring', 'TPG', 'galleries']",2023-03-03,2023-03-08,Unknown
19770,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Latest banking news #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/r2l4ojyBnv #regtech,nan,Latest banking news #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/r2l4ojyBnv #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Latest banking news', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'Latest banking news', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech']",2023-03-03,2023-03-08,Unknown
19773,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We love STEM! Our After School students at Clearstream Avenue Elementary School had so much fun creating shapes and… https://t.co/v1fxcxMPZB,nan,We love STEM! Our After School students at Clearstream Avenue Elementary School had so much fun creating shapes and… https://t.co/v1fxcxMPZB,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream Avenue Elementary School', 'After School students', 'STEM', 'fun', 'shapes', 'Clearstream Avenue Elementary School', 'After School students', 'STEM', 'fun', 'shapes']",2023-03-04,2023-03-08,Unknown
19776,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse photography prize– stern heroes uncanny hybrids&amp;a missing person. Black history&amp;identity loom large… https://t.co/Ir0gvafN3P,nan,Deutsche Börse photography prize– stern heroes uncanny hybrids&amp;a missing person. Black history&amp;identity loom large… https://t.co/Ir0gvafN3P,negative,0.08,0.32,0.6,negative,0.08,0.32,0.6,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse photography prize', 'Black history&amp', 'uncanny hybrids', 'missing person', 'heroes', 'identity', 'Deutsche Börse photography prize', 'Black history&amp', 'uncanny hybrids', 'missing person', 'heroes', 'identity']",2023-03-04,2023-03-08,Unknown
19864,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,✅ Euroclear - https://t.co/PMqH8rxlyI https://t.co/LMCpS2fbpQ,nan,✅ Euroclear - https://t.co/PMqH8rxlyI https://t.co/LMCpS2fbpQ,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['PMqH8rxlyI', 'LMCpS2fbpQ', '✅', 'PMqH8rxlyI', 'LMCpS2fbpQ', '✅']",2023-03-06,2023-03-08,Unknown
19865,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Silvergate shuts crypto payments network it once hyped #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/OwoKFOHcUC #regtech,nan,Silvergate shuts crypto payments network it once hyped #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/OwoKFOHcUC #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['crypto payments network', 'Silvergate', 'Fintech', 'OwoKFOHcUC', 'crypto payments network', 'Silvergate', 'Fintech', 'OwoKFOHcUC']",2023-03-06,2023-03-08,Unknown
19866,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The B-word #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/zsGRFPqHan #regtech,nan,The B-word #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/zsGRFPqHan #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['The B-word', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'zsGRFPqHan', 'The B-word', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'zsGRFPqHan']",2023-03-06,2023-03-08,Unknown
19893,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The Most Influential Women in Payments  2023 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/3K0x5e2tTN #regtech,nan,The Most Influential Women in Payments  2023 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/3K0x5e2tTN #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Influential Women', 'The', 'Payments', 'K0x5e2tTN', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Influential Women', 'The', 'Payments', 'K0x5e2tTN']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,Unknown
19894,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,SeaComm Federal Credit Union to merge with New York neighbor #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Y7wNvitt1k #regtech,nan,SeaComm Federal Credit Union to merge with New York neighbor #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Y7wNvitt1k #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['SeaComm Federal Credit Union', 'New York neighbor', 'SeaComm Federal Credit Union', 'New York neighbor']",2023-03-06,2023-03-08,Unknown
19895,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Is there a place for ChatGPT-like tech in banks? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/aIjqLYgW08 #regtech,nan,Is there a place for ChatGPT-like tech in banks? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/aIjqLYgW08 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['place', 'ChatGPT', 'banks', 'place', 'ChatGPT', 'banks']",2023-03-06,2023-03-08,Unknown
19897,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/oENzwydbiZ,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/oENzwydbiZ,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast', 'ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,Unknown
19898,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Simon Martin joins Clearstream. Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He… https://t.co/vH2MQrbEyN,nan,Simon Martin joins Clearstream. Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He… https://t.co/vH2MQrbEyN,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['financial services industry', 'Simon Martin', 'Clearstream', '15 years', 'experience', 'vH2MQrbEyN', 'financial services industry', 'Simon Martin', 'Clearstream', '15 years', 'experience', 'vH2MQrbEyN']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,Unknown
19899,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@messyspiritual I’ll check it out! I saw Clearstream and giving it a free trial go.,nan,@messyspiritual I’ll check it out! I saw Clearstream and giving it a free trial go.,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['free trial', 'Clearstream', 'free trial', 'Clearstream']",2023-03-06,2023-03-08,Unknown
19903,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Powerful Exhibitions | Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation PrizeThe 2023 award @TPGallery spotlights four shows… https://t.co/HEFaCRp0He,nan,Powerful Exhibitions | Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation PrizeThe 2023 award @TPGallery spotlights four shows… https://t.co/HEFaCRp0He,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Powerful Exhibitions', 'The 2023 award', 'TPGallery spotlights', 'four shows', 'HEFaCRp0He', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Powerful Exhibitions', 'The 2023 award', 'TPGallery spotlights', 'four shows', 'HEFaCRp0He']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,Unknown
19904,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY): An Interesting Growth Play In The European Financial Sector https://t.co/LZi3MAhdTU,nan,Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY): An Interesting Growth Play In The European Financial Sector https://t.co/LZi3MAhdTU,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,True,English,"['Interesting Growth Play', 'European Financial Sector', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DBOEY', 'The', 'LZi3MAhdTU', 'Interesting Growth Play', 'European Financial Sector', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DBOEY', 'The', 'LZi3MAhdTU']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,Unknown
19905,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY): An Interesting Growth Play In The European Financial Sector https://t.co/HlOthE59mD,nan,Deutsche Boerse (DBOEY): An Interesting Growth Play In The European Financial Sector https://t.co/HlOthE59mD,neutral,0.39,0.61,0.0,neutral,0.39,0.61,0.0,True,English,"['Interesting Growth Play', 'European Financial\xa0Sector', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DBOEY', 'The', 'Interesting Growth Play', 'European Financial\xa0Sector', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DBOEY', 'The']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,Unknown
19906,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse is back with #DBPFP23 exhibition! Don't forget to head over to our bookshop and purchase your copy… https://t.co/kbyhPHwShK,nan,Deutsche Börse is back with #DBPFP23 exhibition! Don't forget to head over to our bookshop and purchase your copy… https://t.co/kbyhPHwShK,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'bookshop', 'copy', 'Deutsche Börse', 'bookshop', 'copy']",2023-03-06,2023-03-08,Unknown
19907,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse photography prize review – Black history and identity loom large in the work of Samuel Fosso and Art… https://t.co/6ZZJemAAbF,nan,Deutsche Börse photography prize review – Black history and identity loom large in the work of Samuel Fosso and Art… https://t.co/6ZZJemAAbF,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse photography prize review', 'Black history', 'Samuel Fosso', 'identity', 'work', 'Art', 'ZZJemAAbF', 'Deutsche Börse photography prize review', 'Black history', 'Samuel Fosso', 'identity', 'work', 'Art', 'ZZJemAAbF']",2023-03-06,2023-03-08,Unknown
19986,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-trainers-house-plc-annual-131500661.html,NOTICE TO TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 7 MARCH 2023 AT 15:15 The shareholders of Trainers' House Plc are invited to the annual general meeting  which...,"Trainers' House OyjTRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 7 MARCH 2023 AT 15:15The shareholders of Trainers' House Plc are invited to the annual general meeting  which will be held on 29 March 2023 at 13:30 at the company's office at Tammasaarenlaituri 3  00180 Helsinki. Reception of those registered for the meeting at the meeting place starts at 13:15.A. Agenda of the general meetingAt the annual general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the financial year 2022- Presentation of the CEO’s review.The financial statements  report of the Board of Directors and auditor's report are available on the company's website www.trainershouse.fi.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the annual general meeting on 29 March 2023 that from the retained earnings a dividend of EUR 0.47 per share be paid out on the shares of the Company.The dividend will be paid in two instalments:- EUR 0.26 on 26 April 2023 (record date 19 April 2023)- EUR 0.21 on 21 December 2023 (record date 14 December 2023)The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company on the record date of the dividend payment.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the managing director from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report of the governing bodiesThe remuneration report is available on the company's website www.trainershouse.fi.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsStory continuesThe shareholders of Trainers’ House Plc representing a total of approximately 47.7% of the company's shares and votes  have informed the company that they will propose at the annual general meeting that the chairperson of the board will be paid 4 500 euros per month and the member 2 500 euros per month.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders of Trainers’ House Plc representing a total of approximately 47.7% of the company's shares and votes  have informed the company that they will propose at the annual general meeting that the number of board members will be confirmed at five (5).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders of Trainers’ House Plc representing a total of approximately 47.7% of the company's shares and votes  have informed the company that they will propose at the annual general meeting that Aarne Aktan  Jari Sarasvuo  Jarmo Hyökyvaara and Elma Palsila will be re-elected as board members and Emilia Tauriainen elected as a new member.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe board proposes that the auditor be remunerated fee according to the auditor's reasonable invoice.15. Election of auditorThe board proposes that Ernst & Young Oy will be chosen to continue as the company's auditor.16. The board's proposal to change the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the annual general meeting that the annual general meeting should decide on amending Article 12 of the Articles of Association so that the general meeting could be held without a physical meeting place as a remote meeting. According to the proposal  a new paragraph would be added to Article 12 of the Articles of Association  which would read in its entirety as follows:""The board can decide that the general meeting is held without a meeting place whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real-time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means (remote meeting).”17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThe above-mentioned proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the annual general meeting and this notice are available on Trainers’ House Plc's website at www.trainershouse.fi. Trainers’ House Plc's financial atatements  annual report  auditor's report  and remuneration report are available on the aforementioned website. Copies of the proposals and other documents are also available at the meeting.The minutes of the annual general meeting will be available on the aforementioned website no later than two weeks from the date of the annual general meeting.C. Instructions for meeting participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of 17 March 2023  are entitled to participate in annual general meeting. A shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company's shareholders' register.Registration for the annual general meeting starts on 7 March 2023. A shareholder entered in the company's shareholders' register who wishes to attend the annual general meeting must register no later than 23 March 2023 at 16:00 (EET)  by which time the registration must be received.Registration for the annual general meeting can be done by mail to Trainers' House Plc  Tammasaarenlaituri 3  00180 Helsinki  Finland or by telephone to number +358 50 430 7039 or by e-mail to iiris.nummila@trainershouse.fi.When registering  the shareholder must provide the shareholder's name  identification number  address  telephone number and the name and identification number of any assistant or proxy. The personal data provided by shareholders to the Company will only be used in connection with the annual general meeting and the processing of the related necessary registrations.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the annual general meeting based on the shares which would entitle him/her to be entered in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for the general meeting 17 March 2023. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 24 March 2023 by 10:00 (EET) at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered as registration for the annual general meeting. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the annual general meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.The holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from his/her custodian bank regarding the temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxies and voting instructions and registration to the meeting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wish to attend the general meeting temporarily in the register of shareholders of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the annual general meeting and exercise his/her rights there through a proxy representative.The shareholder's proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the annual general meeting. If a shareholder participates in the annual general meeting by means of several proxy representatives  who represent the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration to the meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered to the address mentioned above for registrations before the period for giving a notice to attend the meeting terminates by e-mail or mail. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or the proxy representative must take care of registration to the meeting as described previously in this notice.4. Other informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish.Shareholders present at the annual general meeting have the right to ask questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the annual general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the annual general meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.On the date of the notice of annual general meeting  Trainers’ House Plc has a total of 2.147.826 shares representing the same number of votes.In Helsinki 7 March 2023TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLCBoard of DirectorsAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.21,0.24,0.55,True,English,"['TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', ""Trainers' House Oyj"", 'TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC', ""Trainers' House Plc"", 'Jarmo Hyökyvaara', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'annual general meeting', 'meeting B. Documents', 'physical meeting place', 'Young Oy', 'other documents', 'annual report', 'remote meeting', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'following matters', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'managing director', 'governing bodies', 'Aarne Aktan', 'Jari Sarasvuo', 'Elma Palsila', 'Emilia Tauriainen', 'reasonable invoice', 'new paragraph', 'telecommunication connection', 'technical means', 'financial atatements', 'C. Instructions', 'record date', 'A. Agenda', 'two instalments', 'new member', 'remuneration report', ""shareholders' register"", 'board members', '29 March', 'company', 'office', 'Tammasaarenlaituri', '00180 Helsinki', 'Reception', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'website', 'trainershouse', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'distribution', 'earnings', 'shares', '26 April', '21 December', 'payment', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'Story', 'total', 'chairperson', '4,500 euros', 'month', 'number', 'Ernst', 'proposal', 'Articles', 'Association', 'entirety', 'power', 'decision', 'real-time', 'Closing', 'notice', 'Copies', 'participants', '17 March', '15']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
19987,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crayfish-bidco-oy-commences-voluntary-165900366.html,CRAYFISH BIDCO OY COMMENCES THE VOLUNTARY PUBLIC CASH TENDER OFFER FOR ALL SHARES IN CAVERION CORPORATION ON 8 MARCH 2023,"On 10 January 2023  Crayfish BidCo Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a Finnish private limited liability company indirectly controlled by the entities comprising Triton...","Crayfish BidCo Oy  Stock Exchange Release  7 March 2023 at 6:30 p.m. (EET)HELSINKI  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 10 January 2023  Crayfish BidCo Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a Finnish private limited liability company indirectly controlled by the entities comprising Triton Fund V (together ""Triton"")  announced a voluntary public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (""Caverion"" or the ""Company"") that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). On 24 February 2023  the Offeror announced that it has improved the Tender Offer by increasing the offer price thereunder to EUR 8.95 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Price"").The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the tender offer document relating to the Tender Offer (the ""Tender Offer Document""). The acceptance period for the Tender Offer will commence on 8 March 2023 at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expire on 17 May 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the acceptance period is extended or discontinued (the ""Offer Period""). If necessary regulatory approvals have not been obtained by the end of the Offer Period  the Offeror intends to  in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and applicable laws and regulations  extend the initial Offer Period in order to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer is currently expected to be completed during the third or fourth quarter of 2023. Any possible extension of the Offer Period will be announced by way of a stock exchange release as soon as practically possible.The Finnish language version of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.triton--offer.com/fi and www.danskebank.fi/caverion as of 7 March 2023. The English language translation of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.triton-offer.com and www.danskebank.fi/caverion-en as of 7 March 2023.Story continuesThe Offer Price under the Tender Offer is EUR 8.95 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer. The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding on the date of the Tender Offer Document as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period or during or after any extended offer period)  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis. Caverion announced on 9 February 2023  in connection with its financial statements release  that the Board of Directors of Caverion proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Caverion to be held on 27 March 2023 that a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share would be paid for the year 2022. If Caverion would distribute a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share  and the record date for such dividend distribution would occur prior to the settlement of any of the completion trades of the Tender Offer  the Offer Price payable for Shares settled after such record date would be EUR 8.75 per Share.The completion of the Tender Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Offeror of certain customary conditions on or prior to the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer including  among others  obtaining merger control clearance and all other necessary regulatory approvals  and that the Tender Offer has been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any other Shares otherwise acquired by the Offeror prior to or during the offer period  more than ninety (90) percent of the outstanding shares and voting rights in the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.Most Finnish account operators are expected to send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (""Danske Bank"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@danskebank.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer  or  if such shareholders are U.S. residents or located within the United States  they may contact their brokers for the necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.A shareholder of Caverion who is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders' register of Caverion and who wishes to accept the Tender Offer shall submit a properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with its instructions and within the time limit set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period or  in the case such account operator does not accept acceptance notifications  such shareholder shall primarily contact his/her/its own bank to give his/her/its acceptance to tender his/her/its Shares  or secondarily contact Danske Bank by sending an email to caverion-offer@danskebank.com for further information. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period or in an incorrect or incomplete manner. The Offeror may  in its sole discretion  also reject any partial tender of the Shares per book-entry account.The preliminary result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the conditions to completion being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) at the latest. The announcement of the final result will confirm (i) the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn and (ii) whether the Tender Offer will be completed.The Offeror reserves the right to acquire further Shares before  during and/or after the offer period (including any extension thereof and any subsequent offer period) in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise  and currently intends to continue to seek to do so as soon as possible.The terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are enclosed in their entirety to this stock exchange release (Appendix 1).Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft act as the financial advisers to the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer. Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch acts as the arranger of the Tender Offer. Avance Attorneys Ltd acts as the lead legal adviser and Dentons UK and Middle East LLP as legal adviser as to U.S. and UK securities laws in connection with the Tender Offer.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION  PLEASE SEE SECTION ENTITLED ""IMPORTANT INFORMATION"" BELOW.INVESTOR AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESFor further information  please contact:Fredrik Hazén  Communications Professional at Triton+46 709 483 810hazen.wp@triton-partners.comMedia contact in Finland:Niko Vartiainen  Principal Consultant at Tekir+358 50 529 4299niko@tekir.fiMore information about the Tender Offer at: triton-offer.comABOUT TRITONTriton is a leading Northern European investment firm which seeks to contribute to the building of better businesses for the longer term. Triton and its executives strive to be agents of positive change towards sustainable operational improvements and growth. The Triton funds invest in and support the positive development of businesses headquartered predominantly in Northern Europe. Triton has a long track record of investing in service businesses  such as Caverion  across the Nordic and DACH regions.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE TENDER OFFER ARE NOT BEING MADE AND HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED BY AN AUTHORISED PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTION 21 OF THE UK FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (THE ""FSMA""). THE COMMUNICATION OF THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE TENDER OFFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE RESTRICTION ON FINANCIAL PROMOTIONS UNDER SECTION 21 OF THE FSMA ON THE BASIS THAT IT IS A COMMUNICATION BY OR ON BEHALF OF A BODY CORPORATE WHICH RELATES TO A TRANSACTION TO ACQUIRE DAY TO DAY CONTROL OF THE AFFAIRS OF A BODY CORPORATE; OR TO ACQUIRE 50 PER CENT. OR MORE OF THE VOTING SHARES IN A BODY CORPORATE  WITHIN ARTICLE 62 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesThe Tender Offer will be made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is being made in reliance on  and in compliance with  Rule 14d-1(c) under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. The Tender Offer is being made for securities of a non-US company. The Tender Offer is being made in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  any financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland (including International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union)  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. Any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland to the extent  and in the manner required  by Finnish law.Neither the United States Securities and Exchange Commission nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.Caverion is organized under the laws of Finland  and the Offeror is organized under the laws of Finland. Some or all of the officers and directors of the Offeror and Caverion  respectively  are residents of countries other than the United States. In addition  most of the assets of the Offeror and Caverion are located outside the United States. As a result  it may be difficult for U.S. shareholders to enforce their rights and any claim they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws. U.S. shareholders may not be able to sue a foreign company or its officers or directors in a foreign court for violations of the U.S. securities laws  and it may be difficult to compel a foreign company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgement.Forward-looking statementsThis stock exchange release contains statements that  to the extent they are not historical facts  constitute ""forward-looking statements"". Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans or intentions relating to acquisitions  competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to financial position  future operations and development  business strategy and the trends in the industries and the political and legal environment and other information that is not historical information. In some instances  they can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"" or  in each case  their negative or variations on comparable terminology. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. Given these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as at the date of this stock exchange release.DisclaimerDanske Bank A/S is authorised under Danish banking law. It is subject to supervision by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. Danske Bank A/S is a private  limited liability company incorporated in Denmark with its head office in Copenhagen where it is registered in the Danish Commercial Register under number 61126228.Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is authorised under German Banking Law (competent authority: European Central Bank). It is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin  Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is a joint stock corporation incorporated with limited liability in the Federal Republic of Germany  with its head office in Frankfurt am Main where it is registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court under number HRB 30 000.Danske Bank A/S (acting via its Finland Branch) and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft are acting as financial advisers to the Offeror and no other person in connection with these materials or their contents. Danske Bank A/S and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will not be responsible to any person other than the Offeror for providing any of the protections afforded to clients of Danske Bank A/S or Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  nor for providing any advice in relation to any matter referred to in these materials. Without limiting a person's liability for fraud  neither Danske Bank A/S  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft nor any of their affiliates nor any of their respective directors  officers  representatives  employees  advisers or agents shall have any liability to any other person (including  without limitation  any recipient) in connection with the Tender Offer.Appendix 1: Terms and conditions of the Tender OfferTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFERObject of the Tender OfferThrough a voluntary public cash tender offer in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended  the ""Finnish Securities Markets Act"") and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein  Crayfish BidCo Oy (the ""Offeror"") offers to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") that are not held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer"").The Offeror is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland. As at the date of the Tender Offer Document  the Offeror is indirectly controlled by the entities comprising Triton Fund V (together ""Triton"").Caverion is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland and its Shares are listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Nasdaq Helsinki"").Offer PriceThe Tender Offer was announced by the Offeror on 10 January 2023 (the ""Announcement"") with an offer price of EUR 8.00 in cash for each Share validly tendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. On 24 February 2023  the Offeror announced that it has improved the Tender Offer such that the offer price (the ""Offer Price"") is EUR 8.95 in cash for each Share validly tendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  subject to any adjustments as set out below.The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding on the date hereof as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period (as defined below) or during or after any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis. On 6 March 2023  Caverion published a notice convening the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Caverion  according to which the Board of Directors of Caverion proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Caverion to be held on 27 March 2023 that a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share would be paid for the year 2022. The Board of Directors of Caverion proposes that the dividend would be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment 29 March 2023 are recorded in the shareholder register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. If Caverion would distribute a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share  and the record date for such dividend distribution would occur prior to the settlement of any of the completion trades of the Tender Offer  the Offer Price payable for Shares settled after such record date would be EUR 8.75 per Share.Any adjustment of the Offer Price pursuant to the above paragraph will be announced by way of a stock exchange release. If the Offer Price is adjusted  the Offer Period (as defined below) will continue for at least ten (10) Finnish banking days following such announcement.Offer PeriodThe acceptance period for the Tender Offer commences on 8 March 2023  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expires on 17 May 2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the acceptance period is extended or discontinued as described below (the ""Offer Period"").The Offeror may extend the Offer Period (i) at any time until the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) have been fulfilled or waived  (ii) in case of any competing offer as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 17 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  and/or (iii) with a Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below) in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer whereby the Offeror also declares the Tender Offer unconditional  as set forth below. The Offeror will announce a possible extension of the Offer Period  including the duration of the extended Offer Period  which shall be at least two (2) weeks or until further notice beyond two (2) weeks  by a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the original Offer Period  at the latest. Furthermore  the Offeror will announce any possible further extension of an already extended Offer Period or an extension of a discontinued Offer Period on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of an already extended Offer Period or a discontinued Offer Period  at the latest.According to Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the duration of the Offer Period in its entirety may be ten (10) weeks at the maximum. However  if the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) have not been fulfilled due to a particular obstacle as referred to in the regulations and guidelines 9/2013 of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the ""FIN-FSA"") on Takeover Bids and Mandatory Bids (as may be amended or re-enacted from time to time) (the ""FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines"")  such as  for example  pending approval by a competition authority  or if there are other special reasons as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 12  Subsection 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the Offeror may extend the Offer Period beyond ten (10) weeks until such obstacle has been removed and the Offeror has had reasonable time to respond to the situation in question  provided that the business operations of the Company are not hindered for longer than is reasonable  as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 12  Subsection 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. The Offeror may extend the Offer Period under the same conditions as stated above also due to  for example  pending approval by a foreign investment regulatory authority. The Offer Period may also be extended as required under applicable laws or regulations. The expiry date of any extended Offer Period will in such case  unless published in connection with the announcement of the extension of the Offer Period  be published by the Offeror at least two (2) weeks before such expiry. Further  any Subsequent Offer Period may extend beyond ten (10) weeks.The Offeror may discontinue the Offer Period 1) should all the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) be fulfilled or waived by the Offeror before the expiry of the Offer Period and execute the sale and purchase of the Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in accordance with section ""— Terms of Payment and Settlement"" below; or 2) should a competing public tender offer for shares in the Company be announced by a third party during the Offer Period or should the pending voluntary public tender offer for all issued and outstanding shares in Caverion by North Holdings 3 Oy  an acquisition vehicle controlled by the consortium led by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP  and/or its affiliates (""Bain Capital"")  announced on 3 November 2022 and amended on 24 January 2023 (the ""Bain Capital Offer"") be further improved during the Offer Period. However  the duration of the Offer Period shall be at least three (3) weeks from the date of the commencement of the Offer Period  i.e.  from 8 March 2023. If the Offeror discontinues the Offer Period  the Offeror will announce its decision thereon through a stock exchange release as soon as possible after such decision has been made and  in any case  at least two (2) weeks before the expiry of the Offer Period to be discontinued. If the Offeror discontinues the Offer Period  the Offer Period will expire on such earlier date and at the time indicated in the announcement made by the Offeror.The Offeror may also discontinue any extended Offer Period. The Offeror will announce its decision on the discontinuation of any extended Offer Period through a stock exchange release as soon as possible after such decision has been made and  in any case  at least two (2) weeks before the expiry of the extended Offer Period to be discontinued. If the Offeror discontinues any extended Offer Period  the extended Offer Period will expire on such earlier date and at the time indicated in the announcement made by the Offeror.The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer as set forth in ""— Announcement of the Result of the Tender Offer"" below (such extended Offer Period  the ""Subsequent Offer Period""). In the event of such Subsequent Offer Period  the Subsequent Offer Period will expire on the date and at the time determined by the Offeror in such an announcement. The expiration of a Subsequent Offer Period will be announced at least two (2) weeks before the expiration of such Subsequent Offer Period. The Offeror may also extend the Subsequent Offer Period by announcing this through a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the initially expected expiration of the Subsequent Offer Period  at the latest.Conditions to Completion of the Tender OfferThe obligation of the Offeror to accept for payment the validly tendered Shares and to complete the Tender Offer is subject to the fulfillment or  to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  waiver by the Offeror of each of the following conditions (jointly the ""Conditions to Completion"") on or prior to the date of the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 18 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act:a. the Tender Offer having been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any other Shares otherwise acquired by the Offeror prior to or during the offer period  more than ninety (90) percent of the outstanding shares and voting rights in the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ""Finnish Companies Act"");b. the receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals  permits  clearances and consents  including without limitation approvals required under applicable foreign direct investment laws and merger control clearances (or  where applicable  the expiry of relevant waiting periods) required under applicable competition laws or other laws in any jurisdiction for the completion of the Tender Offer and that any conditions set out in such approvals  permits  clearances or consents  including  but not limited to  any requirements for the disposal of any assets of the Company or the Offeror or their respective affiliated entities  or any reorganization of the business of the Company or the Offeror or their respective affiliated entities are  in each case  satisfactory to the Offeror in that they are not materially adverse to the Offeror  the Company or their respective affiliated entities  as the case may be  in view of the Tender Offer;c. no Material Adverse Change (as defined below) in the Group (as defined below) having occurred after the Announcement;d. the Offeror not  after the Announcement  having received information previously undisclosed to it that constitutes a Material Adverse Change (as defined below) in the Group (as defined below);e. no information made public by the Group (as defined below) being materially inaccurate  incomplete  or misleading  and the Company not having failed to make public any information that should have been made public by it under applicable laws  regulations and/or the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki  provided that  in each case  the information made public  disclosed or not disclosed or the failure to disclose information constitutes a Material Adverse Change (as defined below) in the Group (as defined below);f. no legislation or other regulation having been issued and no court or regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction having given a decision or issued any regulatory action that would wholly or in any material part prevent  materially postpone or frustrate the completion of the Tender Offer;g. Caverion not having taken any action with a view to wholly or in any material part preventing  materially postponing or frustrating  or impairing the conditions for  the completion of the Tender Offer; andh. all Conditions to Completion having been fulfilled or waived no later than at such time as is required for the settlement of the completion trades with respect to Shares validly tendered in the Tender Offer to occur on or before 8 January 2024  as determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and applicable laws and such date being the agreed long-stop date under the Offeror's financing arrangements for the Tender Offer.The Conditions to Completion set out herein are exhaustive. The Offeror may invoke any of the Conditions to Completion so as to cause the Tender Offer not to proceed  to lapse or to be withdrawn if the circumstances which give rise to the right to invoke the relevant Condition to Completion have a significant meaning to the Offeror in view of the Tender Offer  as referred to in the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association. The Offeror reserves the right to waive any of the Conditions to Completion that have not been fulfilled  including to complete the Tender Offer after the date referred to in Condition to Completion (h) above  or to consummate the Tender Offer at a lower acceptance level or otherwise despite the non-fulfilment of some of the Conditions to Completion. If all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or the Offeror has waived the requirement for the fulfilment of all or some of them no later than at the time of announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer  the Offeror will consummate the Tender Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions after the expiration of the Offer Period by purchasing the Shares validly tendered in the Tender Offer and paying the Offer Price to the holders of the Shares that have validly accepted the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.""Affiliated Entities"" means the Company's subsidiaries including  without limitation  all branch and representative offices of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. Affiliated Entities shall also include CG FH St. Polten GmbH and Oy Botnia Mill Service Ab.""Group"" means the Company and the Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole.""Material Adverse Change"" means (a) the Company or any of its Affiliated Entities becoming insolvent  subject to administration  bankruptcy or any other equivalent insolvency proceedings or  if any legal proceedings or corporate resolution is taken by or against any of them in respect of any such proceedings  such action could reasonably be expected to result in the commencement of such proceedings  provided  in each case  that such proceedings could  individually or in the aggregate  reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in  or material adverse effect to  the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operation of the Group; (b) any divestment or reorganization of all or any material part of the assets of the Group; or (c) any event  condition  circumstance  development  occurrence  change  effect or fact (any such item an ""Effect"") that individually or in the aggregate  has  results in or would reasonably be expected to have or result in a material adverse effect on the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operations of the Group  excluding:i. any Effect in political  financial  industry  economic or regulatory conditions generally (including any Effect in interest or currency rates)  so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;ii. any Effect resulting from or caused by natural disasters  outbreak of major hostilities or any act of war or terrorism or change in prevailing COVID-19 situation so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;iii. the failure of the Company to meet any internal or published projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions in respect of revenues  earnings  net asset value or other financial or operating metrics before  on or after the date of the Announcement it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iii) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such failure to meet projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions constitutes a Material Adverse Change;iv. changes in the market price or trading volume of the Company's securities after the date of the Announcement  it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iv) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such change constitutes a Material Adverse Change;v. any Effect resulting from any actions taken by the Company at the express written request or direction of the Offeror;vi. any change in applicable statutes or other applicable legal or regulatory conditions  so long as such change does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole  in comparison to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business; orvii. any Effect directly attributable to (x) an act or omission carried out or omitted by the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer or (y) the announcement or completion of the Tender Offer (including the effect of any change of control or similar clauses in contracts entered into by the Group before the Announcement).Should a competing public tender offer for the shares in the Company be announced by a third party or should the Bain Capital Offer be further improved  in each case prior to or during the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to (i) if the Offer Period has commenced  extend the Offer Period  (ii) amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  and (iii) decide before the expiration of the competing public tender offer or the Bain Capital Offer  to withdraw the Tender Offer or let the Tender Offer lapse.Obligation to Increase the Tender Offer and to Pay CompensationThe Offeror reserves the right to acquire Shares before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof) and any Subsequent Offer Period in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise outside the Tender Offer.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in the manner referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares after the Announcement and before the expiry of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favorable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer to correspond with the terms and conditions of said acquisition on more favorable terms (the ""Increase Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Increase Obligation without delay and amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer to correspond to such acquisition on more favorable terms.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in the manner referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares within nine (9) months after the expiration of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favorable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  pay the difference between the consideration paid in an acquisition on more favorable terms and the Offer Price paid to those shareholders that have validly accepted the Tender Offer (the ""Compensation Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Compensation Obligation without delay and pay the difference between the consideration paid in such an acquisition on more favorable terms and the Offer Price within one (1) month of the date when the Compensation Obligation arose for those shareholders who have validly accepted the Tender Offer.However  according to Chapter 11  Section 25  Subsection 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the Compensation Obligation will not be triggered in case the payment of a higher price than the Offer Price is based on an arbitral award pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  provided that the Offeror or any party referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act has not offered to acquire Shares on terms that are more favorable than those of the Tender Offer before or during the arbitral proceedings.Acceptance Procedure of the Tender OfferThe Tender Offer may be accepted by a shareholder registered during the Offer Period in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy (""Euroclear Finland"")  except for Caverion and its subsidiaries. The acceptance of the Tender Offer must be submitted separately for each book-entry account. A shareholder of Caverion submitting an acceptance must have a cash account with a financial institution operating in Finland or abroad (see also ""— Terms of Payment and Settlement"" and ""Important Information""). Shareholders may only accept the Tender Offer unconditionally and for all Shares that are held on the book-entry accounts mentioned in the acceptance at the time of the execution of the transaction with respect to the Shares of such shareholder. Acceptances submitted during the Offer Period are valid also until the expiration of an extended or discontinued Offer Period  if any.Most Finnish account operators are expected to send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (""Danske Bank"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@danskebank.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer  or  if such shareholders are U.S. residents or located within the United States  they may contact their brokers for the necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.If the Shares held by a shareholder are pledged or otherwise subject to restrictions that prevent or limit the acceptance  the acceptance of the Tender Offer may require the consent of the pledgee or other beneficiary of a such restriction. If so  acquiring this consent is the responsibility of the relevant shareholder of Caverion. Such consent must be delivered in writing to the account operator.A shareholder of Caverion who is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders' register of Caverion and who wishes to accept the Tender Offer shall submit a properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with its instructions and within the time limit set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period or the Subsequent Offer Period or  in the case such account operator does not accept acceptance notifications  such shareholder shall primarily contact his/her/its own bank to give his/her/its acceptance to tender his/her/its Shares  or secondarily contact Danske Bank by sending an email to caverion-offer@danskebank.com for further information.Any acceptance must be submitted in such a manner that it will be received within the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) taking into account  however  the instructions given by the relevant account operator. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance must be submitted so that it is received during the Subsequent Offer Period  subject to and in accordance with the instructions of the relevant account operator. The account operator may request the receipt of acceptances prior to the expiration of the Offer Period and/or Subsequent Offer Period. Shareholders of Caverion submit acceptances at their own risk. Any acceptance will be considered as submitted only when an account operator has actually received it. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period (or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable) or in an incorrect or incomplete manner. The Offeror may  in its sole discretion  also reject any partial tender of the Shares per book-entry account.A shareholder who has validly accepted the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer may not sell or otherwise transfer his/her tendered Shares. By accepting the Tender Offer  the shareholders authorise their account operator to enter into their book-entry account a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal in the manner set out in ""— Technical Completion of the Tender Offer"" below after the shareholder has delivered the acceptance with respect to the Shares. Furthermore  the shareholders of Caverion that accept the Tender Offer authorise their account operator to perform necessary entries and undertake any other measures needed for the technical execution of the Tender Offer  and to sell all the Shares held by the shareholder of Caverion at the time of the execution of trades under the Tender Offer to the Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. In connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be transferred to the relevant shareholders of Caverion.By accepting the Tender Offer  the accepting shareholder authorises his/her depository participant to disclose the necessary personal data  the number of his/her book-entry account and the details of the acceptance to the parties involved in the order or the execution of the order and settlement of the Shares.Those shareholders of Caverion who have already accepted the Bain Capital Offer must  in order to accept the Tender Offer  first withdraw their acceptance of the Bain Capital Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bain Capital Offer.Right of Withdrawal of AcceptanceAn acceptance of the Tender Offer may be withdrawn by a shareholder of Caverion at any time before the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) until the Offeror has announced that all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or waived by the Offeror  that is  the Offeror has declared the Tender Offer unconditional. After such announcement  the Shares already tendered may not be withdrawn. Notwithstanding the foregoing  shareholders of Caverion may withdraw their acceptance until the end of the Offer Period if a competing public tender offer for the Shares is announced by a third party and the execution of the completion trades of the Shares has not taken place as set out under ""— Completion of the Tender Offer"".A valid withdrawal of an acceptance of the Tender Offer requires that a withdrawal notification is submitted in writing to the account operator to whom the original acceptance was submitted.For nominee-registered Shares  the shareholders must request the relevant custodian of the nominee-registered shareholder to execute a withdrawal notification.If a shareholder of Caverion validly withdraws an acceptance of the Tender Offer  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal with respect to Shares will be removed within three (3) Finnish banking days of the receipt of a withdrawal notification.A shareholder of Caverion who has validly withdrawn its acceptance of the Tender Offer may accept the Tender Offer again during the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) or during the Subsequent Offer Period  if any  by following the procedure set out under ""— Acceptance Procedure of the Tender Offer"" above.A shareholder of Caverion who withdraws its acceptance of the Tender Offer is obligated to pay any fees that the account operator operating the relevant book-entry account or the custodial nominee of a nominee-registered holding may collect for the withdrawal. In accordance with the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines  if a competing offer has been announced or a previously announced competing offer is improved during the Offer Period and the completion of the Tender Offer has not taken place  neither the Offeror nor Danske Bank (in its capacity as arranger) will charge the shareholders for validly withdrawing their acceptance in such a situation.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance of the Tender Offer will be binding and cannot be withdrawn  unless otherwise provided under mandatory law.Technical Completion of the Tender OfferWhen an account operator has received the properly completed and duly executed acceptance or acceptance otherwise approved by the Offeror with respect to the Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  the account operator will enter a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal into the relevant shareholder's book-entry account. In connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restrictions on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be paid to the relevant shareholder.Announcement of the Result of the Tender OfferThe preliminary result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the Conditions to Completion being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) at the latest. The announcement of the final result will confirm (i) the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn and (ii) whether the Tender Offer will be completed.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will announce the initial percentage of the Shares validly tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period and the final percentage on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period.Completion of the Tender OfferThe completion trades of the Tender Offer will be executed with respect to all of those Shares that have been validly tendered  and not validly withdrawn  into the Tender Offer no later than on the fifteenth (15th) Finnish banking day following the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer (the ""Completion Date""). If possible  the completion trades of the Shares will be executed on Nasdaq Helsinki  provided that such execution is allowed under the rules applied to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki. Otherwise  the completion trades will be made outside Nasdaq Helsinki. The completion trades of the Shares will be settled on the Completion Date or on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the Completion Date (the ""Settlement Date"").Terms of Payment and SettlementThe Offer Price will be paid on the Settlement Date to each shareholder of Caverion who has validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  the Tender Offer into the management account of the shareholder's book-entry account or  in the case of shareholders whose holdings are registered in the name of a nominee  into the bank account specified by the custodian or nominee. In any case  the Offer Price will not be paid to a bank account situated in Australia  Canada  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where the Tender Offer is not being made (see section ""Important Information""). If the management account of a shareholder of Caverion is with a different financial institution than the applicable book-entry account  the Offer Price will be paid into such cash account approximately two (2) Finnish banking days later in accordance with the schedule for payment transactions between financial institutions.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will in connection with the announcement thereof announce the terms of payment and settlement for the Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period. After the Completion Date  the completion trades with respect to Shares validly tendered and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer during the Subsequent Offer Period will  however  be executed within not more than two (2) week intervals.The Offeror reserves the right to postpone the payment of the Offer Price if payment is prevented or suspended due to a force majeure event but will immediately effect such payment once the force majeure event preventing or suspending payment is resolved. In addition  the Offeror reserves the right to withhold the payment of the Offer Price if payment is prevented or prohibited due to applicable sanctions laws or regulations and/or to rescind or terminate any acceptances if required by applicable sanctions laws or regulations. Unless the relevant acceptance is rescinded or terminated  the Offeror shall without delay effect the payment of the Offer Price once it is no longer prevented or prohibited due to applicable sanctions laws or regulations.If all the Conditions to Completion are not met and the Offeror does not waive such conditions or extend the Offer Period  the Tender Offer will expire  and no consideration will be paid for the tendered Shares.Transfer of TitleTitle to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  will pass to the Offeror on the Settlement Date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  title to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted during a Subsequent Offer Period will pass to the Offeror on the relevant settlement date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder.Transfer Tax and Other PaymentsThe Offeror will pay any transfer tax that may be charged in Finland in connection with the sale of the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer.Fees charged by account operators  asset managers  nominees or any other person for the release of collateral or the revoking of any other restrictions preventing the sale of the Shares  will be borne by each relevant shareholder of Caverion. Each shareholder of Caverion is liable for any fees that relate to a withdrawal of an acceptance made by such shareholder.The Offeror is liable for any other customary costs caused by the registration of entries in the book-entry system required by the Tender Offer  the execution of trades pertaining to the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer and the payment of the Offer Price.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a shareholder may be a taxable transaction for the respective shareholder under applicable tax laws  including those of the country of residency of the shareholder. Any tax liability arising to a shareholder from the receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer will be borne by such shareholder. Each shareholder is urged to consult with an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.Other MattersThe Tender Offer Document and the Tender Offer are governed by Finnish law. Any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Tender Offer will be settled by a court of competent jurisdiction in Finland.The Offeror reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 15 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. Should the FIN-FSA issue an order regarding an extension of the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to decide upon the withdrawal of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act.Should a competing public tender offer for the shares in the Company be announced by a third party or should the Bain Capital Offer be further improved  in each case prior to or during the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to (i) if the Offer Period has commenced  extend the Offer Period  (ii) amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  and (iii) decide before the expiration of the competing public tender offer or the Bain Capital Offer  to withdraw the Tender Offer or let the Tender Offer lapse.The Offeror may acquire  or enter into arrangements to acquire  Shares  or arrange ownership of Shares before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof and any Subsequent Offer Period) in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise outside the Tender Offer  to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations.Other InformationDanske Bank acts as arranger in relation to the Tender Offer  which means that it performs certain administrative services relating to the Tender Offer. This does not mean that a person who accepts the Tender Offer (the ""Participant"") will be regarded as a customer of Danske Bank as a result of such acceptance. A Participant will be regarded as a customer only if Danske Bank has provided advice to the Participant or has otherwise contacted the Participant personally regarding the Tender Offer. If the Participant is not regarded as a customer  the investor protection rules under the Finnish Act on Investment Services (747/2012  as amended) will not apply to the acceptance. This means  among other things  that neither the so-called customer categorization nor the so-called appropriateness test will be performed with respect to the Tender Offer. Each Participant is therefore responsible for ensuring that it has sufficient experience and knowledge to understand the risks associated with the Tender Offer.Important Information regarding NID and LEIAccording to Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (MiFID II)  all investors must have a global identification code from 3 January 2018  in order to carry out a securities transaction. These requirements require legal entities to apply for registration of a Legal Entity Identifier (""LEI"") code  and natural persons need to state their NID (National ID or National Client Identifier) when accepting the Tender Offer. Each person's legal status determines whether a LEI code or NID number is required  and the book-entry account operator may be prevented from performing the transaction to any person if LEI or NID number is not provided. Legal persons who need to obtain a LEI code can contact the relevant authority or one of the suppliers available on the market. Those who intend to accept the Tender Offer are encouraged to apply for registration of a LEI code (legal persons) or to acquire their NID number (natural persons) well in advance  as this information is required in the acceptance at the time of submission.Information regarding Processing of Personal DataShareholders who accept the Tender Offer will submit personal data  such as name  address and social security number  to Danske Bank  which is the controller for the processing of such data. Personal data provided to Danske Bank will be processed in data systems to the extent required to administer the Tender Offer. Personal data obtained from sources other than the customer may also be processed. Personal data may also be processed in the data systems of companies with which Danske Bank cooperates and it may be disclosed to the Offeror to the extent necessary for administering the Tender Offer. Address details may be obtained by Danske Bank through an automatic procedure executed by Euroclear Finland. Additional information on processing of personal data by Danske Bank  including details on how to exercise data subjects' rights  may be found at www.danskebank.com.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/22099/3729077/a2efb76e8e4376c4.pdf Release - 7 March 2023 ENGCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/crayfish-bidco-oy-commences-the-voluntary-public-cash-tender-offer-for-all-shares-in-caverion-corporation-on-8-march-2023-301764810.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.48,0.32,0.2,True,English,"['VOLUNTARY PUBLIC CASH TENDER OFFER', 'CRAYFISH BIDCO', 'CAVERION CORPORATION', 'ALL', 'SHARES', '8 MARCH', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Finnish private limited liability company', 'voluntary public cash tender offer', 'Most Finnish account operators', 'other necessary regulatory approvals', 'financial statements release', 'Finnish language version', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Crayfish BidCo Oy', 'English language translation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'merger control clearance', 'U.S. residents', 'other similar transaction', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'The Tender Offer', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Danske Bank A/S', 'Triton Fund V', 'tender offer document', 'initial Offer Period', 'extended offer period', 'new share issue', 'Finnish time', 'other assets', 'stock split', 'Finland Branch', 'necessary information', 'offer price', 'other Shares', 'applicable laws', 'fourth quarter', 'possible extension', 'reverse split', 'euro basis', 'ninety (90) percent', 'voting rights', 'asset manager', 'United States', 'acceptance period', 'record date', 'completion trades', 'final result', 'related instructions', 'outstanding shares', 'customary conditions', ""shareholders' register"", 'Caverion Corporation', '7 March', 'HELSINKI', 'PRNewswire', '10 January', 'Offeror', 'entities', 'subsidiaries', '24 February', '8 March', '9:30 a', '17 May', 'accordance', 'terms', 'regulations', 'order', 'third', 'way', 'internet', 'triton-offer', 'Story', '136,472,645 issued', 'number', 'reclassification', 'funds', 'respect', 'foregoing', 'settlements', 'expiry', '9 February', 'connection', 'Board', 'Directors', 'year', 'distribution', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'announcement', 'others', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'notice', 'email', 'brokers', '6:30', '4:00']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
19988,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNITED-BANKERS-OYJ-39435793/news/United-Bankers-Oyj-Privacy-Statement-43177386/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,United Bankers Oyj : Privacy Statement,(marketscreener.com)   Updated 1 March 2023   Privacy statement concerning the processing of personal data related to the General Meeting of United Bankers Plc   1. Data controller   United Bankers Plc    Aleksanterinkatu 21 A   FI-00100 Hels…,Updated 1 March 2023 Privacy statement concerning the processing of personal data related to the General Meeting of United Bankers Plc 1. Data controller United Bankers Plc (Business ID: 2355443-6) Aleksanterinkatu 21 A FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland Tel. 09 2538 0300 Data protection officer and contact personAnnina Myllyaho  Head of Risk Management riskienhallinta@unitedbankers.fiTel. 09 2538 0241 Name of the register Register for the processing of personal data related to the General Meeting of United Bankers Plc. 4. Purpose and legal basis of personal data processing United Bankers Plc processes the personal data of persons who register for the General Meeting of United Bankers Plc. The purpose of the data collection is to enable the shareholders of United Bankers Plc to register and participate in the General Meeting and the webcast  to verify the identity of each person registering and to ascertain they are entitled to participate in the General Meeting and the webcast. In addition  the data will be processed in order to print out the list of participants and the list of votes of the General Meeting and to arrange advance voting. A list of participants consisting of the persons who will register for the General Meeting as stipulated in this statement shall be attached to the minutes of the General Meeting. The technical implementer and administrator of the AGM registration system is Innovatics Oy. Innovatics Oy stores the log data generated by the use of the registration website and may utilise same for the technical monitoring of the system  ensuring the reliability of operations and for usage statistics. The shareholders' register is maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. As stipulated in the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679)  the primary legal basis for the processing of personal data is the controller's statutory obligation under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006) to arrange a General Meeting  which also entails the obligation to devise minutes of meeting and the list of votes of the General Meeting.Personal data is not used for automated decision-making that would entail legal or similar implications for the data subjects. 5. Data content of the register (categories of personal data processed) Only personal data necessary for the purposes set forth in section 4 of this privacy statement is collected from the data subjects. The register contains the following personal data of the data subjects: NameSocial security number or date of birth/business IDAddressTelephone numberE-mail addressaddress Book-entry account numberaccount number Number of shares and votesVoting informationMethod of identificationGrounds for representationRegistration dateInformation concerning assistant  if anyInformation concerning proxy  if anyAdvance questionsOther additional information to be provided during registration For attendees  the time of arrival to and departure from the meeting are also recorded. For the technical maintenance and monitoring of the service  log data concerning registration and voting  as well as the user's IP address  are also retained. The register contains the shareholders' register as at the record date  formulated by Euro- clear Finland Ltd for the General Meeting  containing  inter alia  the shareholder's name  social security number/business ID  address and number of shares. The register contains the temporary shareholders' register formulated by Euroclear Finland Ltd for the General Meeting  containing information on nominee-registered shareholders who have registered for the General Meeting and their number of shares. 6. Regular sources of information As a rule  the information in the register is collected from the person registering for the General Meeting or their representative in connection with the registration for the General Meeting. When registering via e-mail  regular mail or telephone  the data controller or Inno- vatics Oy enters the personal data of the registrant and any advance votes in the register. Based on the personal data provided in connection with the registration  Innovatics Oy will retrieve the number of shares in the shareholders' register formulated by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the meeting. Innovatics Oy enters into the register the voting instructions of the nominee-registered shareholders represented at the General Meeting by account management entities.7. Retention period of personal data Innovatics Oy stores personal data for a maximum of one year of the end of the General Meeting. Euroclear Finland Ltd stores personal data for a maximum of four months of the end of the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting and the list of votes attached to same are stored per- manently. It contains the names of the shareholders who participated in the General Meet- ing  the names of any proxy representatives and assistants  the number of shares and votes  and the numbers of the voting tickets. Other data shall be destroyed when they are no longer necessary for devising the minutes of meeting or for verifying the accuracy of same. 8. Recipients of personal data (recipient group) and regular disclosures of data Data in the register may be disclosed to other companies in the United Bankers Group and to Innovatics Oy  which acts as the technical implementer and administrator of the General Meeting registration system and advance voting. The data in the register are used for formulating the list of participants in the meeting and the summaries of the voting  which are attached as annexes to the minutes of the meeting. Pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholders' register containing the names of the shareholders  the municipality and the number of shares and votes will be made available for viewing at the General Meeting as at the record date of the meeting. The list also contains the details of nominee-registered shareholders who have temporarily registered for the shareholders' register for the purposes of the General Meeting. 9. Transfer of personal data outside the EU or EEA Data in the register may be shared with third parties who participate in the organization of the General Meeting and who need the information in the register in their own activities. The data will not be disclosed for commercial purposes. SMS messages for those who have registered are sent through a Swiss service. If the shareholders are provided with the right to speak at the General Meeting via a remote connection  the right to speak will be implemented through a US-based service.1 In this case  the service provider will process the IP address and name of the shareholder exercising the right to speak via a remote connection. Otherwise  personal data will not be disclosed or transferred outside the EU or the Euro- pean Economic Area. 10. Principles of personal data protection The data concerning the data subjects are protected as follows: 1 Read more about Daily's GDPR application and data security: https://www.daily.co/security/gdpr/and https://www.daily.co/products/security-at-daily/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.27,0.36,True,English,"['United Bankers Oyj', 'Privacy Statement', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Euro- clear Finland Ltd', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'United Bankers Plc', 'Data protection officer', 'account management entities', 'General Meet- ing', 'Social security number', 'primary legal basis', 'Book-entry account number', 'following personal data', 'birth/business ID Address', 'Other additional information', 'AGM registration system', 'Voting information Method', ""temporary shareholders' register"", 'personal data processing', 'Other data', 'Risk Management', 'data collection', 'log data', 'data subjects', 'Data content', 'Annina Myllyaho', 'advance voting', 'technical implementer', 'usage statistics', 'automated decision-making', 'similar implications', 'Advance questions', 'technical maintenance', 'Regular sources', 'Inno- vatics', 'voting instructions', 'Retention period', 'one year', 'four months', 'voting tickets', 'General Meeting', 'nominee-registered shareholders', 'Innovatics Oy', 'Data controller', 'IP address', 'record date', 'Privacy statement', 'regular mail', 'registration website', 'technical monitoring', 'statutory obligation', 'proxy representatives', 'mail address', 'contact person', 'Registration date', 'Telephone number', 'advance votes', 'Aleksanterinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'Tel.', 'Head', 'Name', 'Purpose', 'persons', 'webcast', 'identity', 'order', 'list', 'participants', 'minutes', 'administrator', 'use', 'reliability', 'operations', 'categories', 'section', 'shares', 'identification', 'Grounds', 'representation', 'assistant', 'attendees', 'time', 'arrival', 'departure', 'service', 'rule', 'connection', 'registrant', 'maximum', 'numbers', 'veri']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
19989,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/proposals-annual-general-meeting-municipality-090000852.html,Proposals to the Annual General Meeting of Municipality Finance Plc,Municipality Finance PlcStock Exchange Release 7 March 2023 at 11:00 am (EET) Proposals to the Annual General Meeting of Municipality Finance Plc...,Municipality Finance PlcMunicipality Finance PlcStock Exchange Release7 March 2023 at 11:00 am (EET)Proposals to the Annual General Meeting of Municipality Finance PlcMunicipality Finance Plc’s (hereinafter MuniFin) Board of Directors (the Board) and the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee (the Nomination Committee) have made the following proposals to the Annual General Meeting (the AGM) convening on 28 March 2023 at 10:00 am (EET).Use of profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendMuniFin has distributable funds of EUR 365 774 616.34 of which the profit for the financial year totaled EUR 138 060 709.21. The Board proposes to the AGM that a dividend of EUR 1.73 per share  totaling EUR 67 580 370.54 shall be distributed based on the balance sheet to be adopted for 2022.MuniFin’s profit for the financial year is very good. The Board considers the proposed payment of dividend justified. MuniFin clearly fulfils all the prudential requirements set to it. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year and the Board estimates that the distribution of dividends will not place the fulfilment of the capital requirements or the company's liquidity in jeopardy nor is it incompatible with the legislation applicable to MuniFin.The dividends will be paid to shareholders who are recorded in the company's list of shareholders on 4 April 2023. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 13 April 2023.Remuneration and composition of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes to the AGM the following remuneration of the Board for the term from the closing of the 2023 AGM to the closing of the next AGM (the Term 2023–2024):annual fixed remuneration of a Board member EUR 24 000;annual fixed remuneration of the Vice Chair of the Board EUR 27 500;annual fixed remuneration of the Chair of the Risk or Audit Committee EUR 29 500;annual fixed remuneration of the Chair of the Board EUR 42 000; andfor each Board and committee meeting as well as for each meeting required by the authorities  to the members  a fee of EUR 600 per meeting attended and to the chairs  EUR 950 per meeting attended.Story continuesThe proposed remuneration means an increase of EUR 2 000 to the annual fixed remuneration of the Chair of the Board  an increase of EUR 1 500 to the annual fixed remuneration of the Vice Chair of the Board and the Chairs of the Risk and Audit Committees and an increase of EUR 1 000 to the annual fixed remuneration of a Board member. The proposal will also increase the meeting fees by EUR 150 for the chairs of the Board and its committees and by EUR 100 for other positions.The Nomination Committee proposes to the AGM that eight members will be elected to the Board for the Term 2023–2024. The Nomination Committee proposes that the following current members will be re-elected: Mr. Kari Laukkanen  Ms. Maaria Eriksson  Mr. Markku Koponen  Mr. Tuomo Mäkinen  Ms. Minna Smedsten  Mr. Denis Strandell and Ms. Leena Vainiomäki. In addition  the Nomination Committee proposes that Mr. Arto Vuojolainen will be elected to the Board as a new member. Ms. Vivi Marttila  a current member of the Board  is no longer available to the Board for the next term.Arto Vuojolainen is the Operational and Financial Director of the City of Tampere. Before his current employer  Vuojolainen worked for a long time in various banks in expert and management positions related to credit granting and customer relations.The Nomination Committee proposes to the Board to be elected by the AGM to reappoint Kari Laukkanen as the Chair and Maaria Eriksson as the Vice Chair.Election and remuneration of the auditorThe Board proposes to the AGM to re-elect KPMG Oy Ab as the company’s auditor for the Term 2023–2024. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that in the event they are elected as the company’s auditor  Ms. Tiia Kataja  APA  will act as the principal auditor. Tiia Kataja has acted as the principal auditor during the previous term as well. The Board proposes to the AGM that the auditor’s fees will be paid against reasonable invoices.Election of the auditor for the term commencing in 2024The Board proposes that the AGM takes note of the Audit Committee’s recommendation concerning the election of the auditor for the term commencing in 2024 and the Board’s proposal  which was made based on the recommendation  on the election of the auditor to the AGM of to be held next year  i.e. in 2024.For the term commencing in 2024  the company is required to arrange the election of the Auditor in accordance with the selection process for an audit firm as referred in the EU Audit Regulation (Regulation) due to mandatory rotation required by the Regulation. The Board’s Audit Committee launched the tendering process required by the Regulation in April 2022 and completed it at the end of 2022 and gave its recommendation to the Board on the auditor for the term commencing in 2024. As the Audit Committee has already issued its recommendations for the term commencing at the end of the AGM 2024  and the Board has decided to make a proposal to the AGM 2024 in accordance with the Committee's proposal  the Board has considered it best to bring the Committee's recommendation and the proposal of the Board to the attention of shareholders without delay already at the AGM 2023.Thus  the Board will propose to the AGM 2024 based on the Audit Committee’s recommendation that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy will be elected as the Auditor for the term beginning from the election and ending to the closing of the next AGM  i.e.  the AGM 2025.Dividend policyThe Board proposes to the AGM that the AGM adopts a dividend policy to the company. In accordance with the proposed dividend policy in the coming years MuniFin aims to pay 30-60% of the Group’s financial year’s profit for in dividends. However  dividend distribution must not jeopardize MuniFin’s solvency  liquidity or its ability to meet the commitments.The proposal for the dividend policy is based on the core mission of MuniFin  which is to ensure  in all market conditions  the accessibility and affordability of financing for its limited customer base with a public service mission. MuniFin’s target is to maintain a sufficient profit level  which ensures both carrying its core mission in the long term and fulfilling the owners’ proportionate expectations for revenue.Incorporation of MuniFin’s shares in a book-entry system and amendments to the articles of associationA) Incorporation of MuniFin’s shares in a book-entry system and the required amendments to the articles of associationThe Board proposes that the AGM decides on incorporating the shares of MuniFin in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as well as the amendments to MuniFin’s articles of association required by the incorporation. In addition  the Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to decide on the registration period  after which the shares of the company will be in the book-entry system.The following amendments to the articles of association are proposed in order to incorporate the shares to the book-entry system:A reference of the shares of the company being incorporated into a book-entry system after the end of a registration period defined by the Board is proposed to be added to the article three.The sentence “The consent clause must be noted on the share certificates and in the register of shareholders  as well as on any temporary certificates and subscription right certificates” is proposed to be deleted from the consent clause in article four.The sentence “The redemption clause must be noted on the share certificates and in the register of shareholders  as well as on any temporary certificates and subscription right certificates” is proposed to be deleted from the redemption clause in article five.The article 13 concerning the summons to general meeting is proposed to be reworded as follows “The summons to a General Meeting shall be delivered in writing by publishing it on the company’s website  by sending it to the e-mail addresses as notified by each shareholder to the company  by sending it by post to the address entered to the shareholder register or by publishing it in a publication specified by the Board of Directors. The summons to a General Meeting must be delivered at the earliest three months before the General Meeting and at the latest one week before the record date of the General meeting. The last date for advance notices of participation shall be mentioned in the summons of a General Meeting.”B) Other amendments to the articles of associationThe Board proposes that the AGM also decides on the following amendments to the articles of association:The article two of the articles of association concerning the company’s line of business states that “the company serves the whole Finnish municipal sector  and particularly the corporations as referred to in Section 1 of the Act on the Municipal Guarantee Board.” The section is proposed to be amended to “the company serves the corporations as referred to in Section 1 of the Act on the Municipal Guarantee Board”.The article eight of the articles of association states that “the Managing Director  the Deputy Managing Director and company officers may only belong to another company’s management with permission from the Board of Directors of Kuntarahoitus Oyj”. The reference to “company officers” is proposed to be replaced by the words “persons reporting directly to the Managing Director”.In addition  the Board proposes that small technical amendments will be made to the articles of association.The invitation to the AGM  including relevant appendices  is available on MuniFin’s website in Finnish.MUNICIPALITY FINANCE PLCFurther information:Esa KallioPresident and CEOtel. +358 50 337 7953MuniFin (Municipality Finance Plc) is one of Finland’s largest credit institutions. The company is owned by Finnish municipalities  the public sector pension fund Keva and the Republic of Finland. MuniFin Group also includes the subsidiary company  Financial Advisory Services Inspira Ltd. The Group’s balance sheet totals close to EUR 48 billion.MuniFin builds a better and more sustainable future with its customers. MuniFin’s customers include municipalities  joint municipal authorities  wellbeing services counties  corporate entities under their control  and non-profit organisations nominated by the Housing Finance and Development Centre of Finland (ARA). Lending is used for environmentally and socially responsible investment targets such as public transportation  sustainable buildings  hospitals and healthcare centres  schools and day care centres  and homes for people with special needs.MuniFin’s customers are domestic but the company operates in a completely global business environment. The company is an active Finnish bond issuer in international capital markets and the first Finnish green and social bond issuer. The funding is exclusively guaranteed by the Municipal Guarantee Board.Read more: www.munifin.fi,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.18,0.27,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Municipality Finance Plc', 'Proposals', 'Municipality Finance Plc Municipality Finance Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Mr. Tuomo Mäkinen', 'Ms. Leena Vainiomäki', 'Mr. Markku Koponen', 'Ms. Minna Smedsten', 'Mr. Denis Strandell', 'Ms. Vivi Marttila', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'annual fixed remuneration', 'Mr. Kari Laukkanen', 'Ms. Maaria Eriksson', 'Ms. Tiia Kataja', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Mr. Arto Vuojolainen', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'EU Audit Regulation', 'Audit Committee', 'committee meeting', 'audit firm', 'following remuneration', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'financial year', 'prudential requirements', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'capital requirements', 'other positions', 'new member', 'current member', 'Financial Director', 'current employer', 'long time', 'various banks', 'management positions', 'credit granting', 'customer relations', 'reasonable invoices', 'selection process', 'mandatory rotation', 'tendering process', 'The Board', 'eight members', 'Vice Chair', 'meeting fees', 'Board member', 'next term', 'principal auditor', 'previous term', 'following proposals', 'next AGM', 'committees', '2023 AGM', 'March', 'MuniFin', 'Directors', '10:00 am', 'Use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'EUR', 'payment', 'company', 'dividends', 'fulfilment', 'liquidity', 'jeopardy', 'legislation', 'list', '4 April', '13 April', 'composition', 'closing', 'Risk', 'authorities', 'chairs', 'Story', 'increase', 'addition', 'Operational', 'City', 'Tampere', 'expert', 'event', 'APA', 'note', 'recommendation', 'accordance', '11:00', '2022']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
19990,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2622053/0/en/NOTICE-TO-TRAINERS-HOUSE-PLC-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING.html,NOTICE TO TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 7 MARCH 2023 AT 15:15  The shareholders of Trainers' House Plc are invited to the annual general meeting ...,"Finnish EnglishTRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 7 MARCH 2023 AT 15:15The shareholders of Trainers' House Plc are invited to the annual general meeting  which will be held on 29 March 2023 at 13:30 at the company's office at Tammasaarenlaituri 3  00180 Helsinki. Reception of those registered for the meeting at the meeting place starts at 13:15.A. Agenda of the general meetingAt the annual general meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the financial year 2022- Presentation of the CEO’s review.The financial statements  report of the Board of Directors and auditor's report are available on the company's website www.trainershouse.fi.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the annual general meeting on 29 March 2023 that from the retained earnings a dividend of EUR 0.47 per share be paid out on the shares of the Company.The dividend will be paid in two instalments:- EUR 0.26 on 26 April 2023 (record date 19 April 2023)- EUR 0.21 on 21 December 2023 (record date 14 December 2023)The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company on the record date of the dividend payment.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the managing director from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report of the governing bodiesThe remuneration report is available on the company's website www.trainershouse.fi.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders of Trainers’ House Plc representing a total of approximately 47.7% of the company's shares and votes  have informed the company that they will propose at the annual general meeting that the chairperson of the board will be paid 4 500 euros per month and the member 2 500 euros per month.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders of Trainers’ House Plc representing a total of approximately 47.7% of the company's shares and votes  have informed the company that they will propose at the annual general meeting that the number of board members will be confirmed at five (5).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders of Trainers’ House Plc representing a total of approximately 47.7% of the company's shares and votes  have informed the company that they will propose at the annual general meeting that Aarne Aktan  Jari Sarasvuo  Jarmo Hyökyvaara and Elma Palsila will be re-elected as board members and Emilia Tauriainen elected as a new member.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe board proposes that the auditor be remunerated fee according to the auditor's reasonable invoice.15. Election of auditorThe board proposes that Ernst & Young Oy will be chosen to continue as the company's auditor.16. The board's proposal to change the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the annual general meeting that the annual general meeting should decide on amending Article 12 of the Articles of Association so that the general meeting could be held without a physical meeting place as a remote meeting. According to the proposal  a new paragraph would be added to Article 12 of the Articles of Association  which would read in its entirety as follows:""The board can decide that the general meeting is held without a meeting place whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real-time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means (remote meeting).”17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the general meetingThe above-mentioned proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the annual general meeting and this notice are available on Trainers’ House Plc's website at www.trainershouse.fi. Trainers’ House Plc's financial atatements  annual report  auditor's report  and remuneration report are available on the aforementioned website. Copies of the proposals and other documents are also available at the meeting.The minutes of the annual general meeting will be available on the aforementioned website no later than two weeks from the date of the annual general meeting.C. Instructions for meeting participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of 17 March 2023  are entitled to participate in annual general meeting. A shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company's shareholders' register.Registration for the annual general meeting starts on 7 March 2023. A shareholder entered in the company's shareholders' register who wishes to attend the annual general meeting must register no later than 23 March 2023 at 16:00 (EET)  by which time the registration must be received.Registration for the annual general meeting can be done by mail to Trainers' House Plc  Tammasaarenlaituri 3  00180 Helsinki  Finland or by telephone to number +358 50 430 7039 or by e-mail to iiris.nummila@trainershouse.fi.When registering  the shareholder must provide the shareholder's name  identification number  address  telephone number and the name and identification number of any assistant or proxy. The personal data provided by shareholders to the Company will only be used in connection with the annual general meeting and the processing of the related necessary registrations.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the annual general meeting based on the shares which would entitle him/her to be entered in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for the general meeting 17 March 2023. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 24 March 2023 by 10:00 (EET) at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered as registration for the annual general meeting. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the annual general meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.The holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from his/her custodian bank regarding the temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxies and voting instructions and registration to the meeting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wish to attend the general meeting temporarily in the register of shareholders of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the annual general meeting and exercise his/her rights there through a proxy representative.The shareholder's proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the annual general meeting. If a shareholder participates in the annual general meeting by means of several proxy representatives  who represent the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration to the meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered to the address mentioned above for registrations before the period for giving a notice to attend the meeting terminates by e-mail or mail. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or the proxy representative must take care of registration to the meeting as described previously in this notice.4. Other informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish.Shareholders present at the annual general meeting have the right to ask questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the annual general meeting do not affect the right to participate in the annual general meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.On the date of the notice of annual general meeting  Trainers’ House Plc has a total of 2.147.826 shares representing the same number of votes.In Helsinki 7 March 2023TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLCBoard of DirectorsAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'TRAINERS’ HOUSE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', ""Trainers' House Plc"", 'Jarmo Hyökyvaara', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'annual general meeting', 'meeting B. Documents', 'physical meeting place', 'Finnish English', 'Young Oy', 'other documents', 'annual report', 'remote meeting', 'following matters', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'managing director', 'governing bodies', 'Aarne Aktan', 'Jari Sarasvuo', 'Elma Palsila', 'Emilia Tauriainen', 'reasonable invoice', 'new paragraph', 'telecommunication connection', 'technical means', 'financial atatements', 'C. Instructions', 'record date', 'A. Agenda', 'two instalments', 'new member', 'remuneration report', ""shareholders' register"", 'board members', 'MARCH', 'company', 'office', 'Tammasaarenlaituri', '00180 Helsinki', 'Reception', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'website', 'trainershouse', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'distribution', 'earnings', 'shares', '26 April', '21 December', 'payment', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'total', 'chairperson', '4,500 euros', 'month', 'number', 'Ernst', 'proposal', 'Articles', 'Association', 'entirety', 'power', 'decision', 'real-time', 'Closing', 'notice', 'Copies', 'participants', '15']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
19991,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCLAYS-PLC-9583556/news/Barclays-Publication-of-Prospectus-Supplement-43182484/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Barclays : Publication of Prospectus Supplement,(marketscreener.com)   Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated March 1  2021   £1 500 000 000 9.250% Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities   Barclays PLC   We  Barclays PLC   are issuing £1 500 000 000 aggr…,"Barclays : Publication of Prospectus Supplement 03/07/2023 | 11:15am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated March 1  2021 £1 500 000 000 9.250% Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities Barclays PLC We  Barclays PLC (the ""Issuer"")  are issuing £1 500 000 000 aggregate principal amount of 9.250% Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (the ""Securities""). From (and including) the Issue Date (as defined herein) to (but excluding) March 15  2029 (such date and each fifth (5th) anniversary thereafter being a ""Reset Date"")  the interest rate on the Securities will be 9.250% per annum. From (and including) each Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date  the applicable per annum interest rate will be equal to the sum  as determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined herein)  of the applicable Mid-Market Swap Rate (as defined herein) on the relevant Reset Determination Date (as defined herein) and 5.639%  converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention as instructed by the Issuer (rounded to three decimal places  with 0.0005 rounded down). The interest rate following any Reset Date may be less than the initial interest rate and/or the interest rate that applies immediately prior to such Reset Date. Subject to the conditions described herein  interest  if any  will be payable quarterly in arrear on March 15  June 15  September 15 and December 15 of each year (each  an ""Interest Payment Date"")  commencing on June 15  2023. We will apply to the London Stock Exchange plc (the ""LSE"") for the Securities to be admitted to trading on the LSE's International Securities Market (the ""ISM""). The ISM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or U.K. MiFIR (each as defined herein). The ISM is a market designated for professional investors. Securities admitted to trading on the ISM are not admitted to the Official List of the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the ""FCA""). The LSE has not approved or verified the contents of either this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Neither this prospectus supplement nor the accompanying prospectus comprises (i) a prospectus or listing particulars for the purposes of Part VI of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the ""FSMA"") or (ii) a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom (""U.K."") by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ""Withdrawal Act""). As described in this prospectus supplement  the terms of the Securities provide that interest on the Securities will be due and payable only at the sole discretion of the Issuer  and the Issuer shall have sole and absolute discretion at all times and for any reason to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment that would otherwise be payable on any Interest Payment Date. As described herein  the terms of the Securities also provide for circumstances under which the Issuer shall be restricted from making an interest payment (in whole or in part) on the Securities on an Interest Payment Date  and the interest payable in respect of any such Interest Payment Date shall be deemed cancelled (in whole or in part) and therefore not due and payable. Interest will only be due and payable on an Interest Payment Date to the extent it is not cancelled or deemed cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Securities and as further described herein. Any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled (in each case  in whole or in part) in accordance with the terms of the Securities and as further described herein shall not be due and shall not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter  and holders of the Securities shall have no rights thereto or to receive any additional interest or compensation as a result of such cancellation or deemed cancellation. The Securities are perpetual and have no fixed maturity or fixed redemption date. As a result of the fact that the Securities are perpetual securities and that interest on the Securities will be due and payable only at our sole discretion and that we may cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment at any time  we are not required to make any payment of the principal amount of the Securities at any time prior to our winding-up or administration and you may not receive interest on any Interest Payment Date. The Securities will constitute our direct  unsecured and subordinated obligations  ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves  as described herein. The Securities will be in registered form in minimum denominations of £200 000 and in integral multiples of £1 000 in excess thereof. As described herein  we may  at our option  redeem the Securities  in whole but not in part  on (i) any day falling in the period commencing on (and including) September 15  2028 and ending on (and including) the first Reset Date or (ii) any day falling in the period commencing on (and including) the date that is six months before any subsequent Reset Date and ending on (and including) such Reset Date at 100% of their principal amount  together with any accrued but unpaid interest (which excludes any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled as described herein) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. As described herein  we may also  at our option  redeem the Securities  in whole but not in part  at any time in the event of a change in certain U.K. regulatory capital requirements or upon the occurrence of certain tax events as described herein at 100% of their principal amount  together with any accrued but unpaid interest (which excludes any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled as described herein) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. If a Capital Adequacy Trigger Event (as defined herein) occurs  then an Automatic Conversion (as defined herein) will occur on the Conversion Date (as defined herein)  at which point all of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities (other than certain Issuer obligations in connection with the Conversion Shares Offer (as defined herein)  if any  which are referred to herein as the CSO Obligations) shall be irrevocably and automatically released in consideration of the Issuer's issuance of the Conversion Shares (as defined herein) to the Conversion Shares Depository (as defined herein) (or other relevant recipient as described herein)  and under no circumstances shall such released obligations be reinstated. The Conversion Shares shall initially be registered in the name of the Conversion Shares Depository (which shall hold the Conversion Shares on behalf of the holders of the Securities) or the relevant recipient in accordance with the terms of Securities. As more fully described herein  the Issuer may elect  in its sole and absolute discretion  that a Conversion Shares Offer be made by the Conversion Shares Depository to all or some of the then existing shareholders of the Issuer. The realizable value of any Conversion Shares received by a holder of the Securities following an Automatic Conversion may be significantly less than the Conversion Price (as defined herein) of £1.65 initially and holders of the Securities could lose all or part of their investment in the Securities as a result of the Automatic Conversion. Following an Automatic Conversion  the Securities shall remain in existence until the applicable Cancellation Date (as defined herein) for the sole purpose of evidencing (a) the holder's right to receive Conversion Shares or Conversion Shares Offer Consideration (as defined herein)  as applicable  from the Conversion Shares Depository and (b) the Issuer's CSO Obligations  if any. All obligations of the Issuer under the Securities (except for the CSO Obligations  if any) shall be irrevocably and automatically released in consideration of the Issuer's issuance of the Conversion Shares to the Conversion Shares Depository (or other relevant recipient as described herein) on the Conversion Date. IMPORTANT-PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS. The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. IMPORTANT-U.K. PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO U.K. RETAIL INVESTORS. The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the U.K. For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the U.K. by virtue of the Withdrawal Act; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the U.K. by virtue of the Withdrawal Act (""U.K. MiFIR""). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the U.K. by virtue of the Withdrawal Act (the ""U.K. PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the U.K. has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the U.K. may be unlawful under the U.K. PRIIPs Regulation. In addition to the above  pursuant to the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority Conduct of Business Sourcebook (""COBS"") the Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to retail clients (as defined in COBS 3.4) in the U.K. U.K. MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET-Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is only eligible counterparties  as defined in COBS  and professional clients  as defined in U.K. MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Securities (a ""Distributor"") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however  a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ""U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules"") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. Singapore SFA Product Classification-In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the ""SFA"") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the ""CMP Regulations 2018"")  the Issuer has determined  and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA)  that the Securities are ""prescribed capital markets products"" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16 Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). The Issuer is not a bank nor an authorized deposit-taking institution which is authorized under the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) of Australia (the ""Australian Banking Act"") nor is it authorized to carry on banking business under the Australian Banking Act. The Securities are not obligations of any government and  in particular  are not guaranteed by the Commonwealth of Australia. The Issuer is not supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. Securities that are offered for issue or sale or transferred in  or into  Australia are offered only in circumstances that would not require disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia and issued and transferred in compliance with the terms of the exemption from compliance with section 66 of the Australian Banking Act that is available to the Issuer. Such Securities are issued or transferred in  or into  Australia in parcels of not less than A$500 000 in aggregate principal amount. An investment in any Securities issued by the Issuer will not be covered by the depositor protection provisions in section 13A of the Australian Banking Act and will not be covered by the Australian government's bank deposit guarantee (also commonly referred to as the Financial Claims Scheme) under the Australian Banking Act. Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Securities or any other agreements  arrangements  or understandings between us and any holder or beneficial owner of the Securities (or the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Securities)  by acquiring the Securities  each holder and beneficial owner of the Securities acknowledges  accepts  agrees to be bound by  and consents to the exercise of  any U.K. Bail-in Power (as defined in the accompanying prospectus) by the Relevant U.K. Resolution Authority (as defined in the accompanying prospectus) that may result in (i) the reduction or cancellation of all  or a portion  of the principal amount of  or interest on  the Securities; (ii) the conversion of all  or a portion of  the principal amount of  or interest on  the Securities into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to  or conferral on  the holder or beneficial owner of the Securities  of such shares  securities or obligations); (iii) the cancellation of the Securities; and/or the amendment or alteration of the maturity  if any  of the Securities  or the amendment of the amount of interest due on the Securities  or the dates on which interest becomes payable  including by suspending payment for a temporary period; which U.K. Bail-in Power may be exercised by means of a variation of the terms of the Securities solely to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant U.K. Resolution Authority of such U.K. Bail-in Power. For more information  see "" Description of Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of U.K. Bail-in Power "" below and the section entitled "" Description of Contingent Capital Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of U.K. Bail-in Power "" in the accompanying prospectus. By its acquisition of the Securities  each holder and beneficial owner of the Securities acknowledges  accepts  consents and agrees to be bound by and consents to the determinations made by the Issuer  the Independent Adviser  the Trustee  the Principal Paying Agent  the Calculation Agent or other relevant entities  as applicable  to determine the Subsequent Interest Rate in the event the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred or that there is a Successor Rate  including as may occur without any prior notice from the Issuer and without the need for the Issuer to obtain any further consent from holders and beneficial owners of the Securities to implement consequential amendments to the Indenture and other agreements or documents relating to the Securities. For more information  see the sections entitled ""Description of Contingent Capital Securities-Determination of Subsequent Interest Rate"" and ""Description of Contingent Capital Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Determination of the Subsequent Interest Rate."" By its acquisition of the Securities  each holder and beneficial owner of the Securities  to the extent permitted by the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939  as amended (the ""Trust Indenture Act"")  also waives any and all claims against The Bank of New York Mellon  London Branch  as trustee (the ""Trustee"") for  agrees not to initiate a suit against the Trustee in respect of  and agrees that the Trustee shall not be liable for  any action that the Trustee takes  or abstains from taking  in either case in accordance with the exercise of the U.K. Bail-inPower by the Relevant U.K. Resolution Authority with respect to the Securities. For more information  see ""Description of Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of U.K. Bail-in Power"" below and the section entitled ""Description of Contingent Capital Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of U.K. Bail-in Power"" in the accompanying prospectus. Investing in the Securities involves risks. We encourage you to read and carefully consider this document in its entirety  in particular the risk factors beginning on page S-25 of this prospectus supplement and the other information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus  for a discussion of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in the Securities. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Securities or determined that this prospectus supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The Securities are not deposit liabilities of Barclays PLC and are not covered by the U.K. Financial Services Compensation Scheme or insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency of the United States  the U.K.  Canada or any other jurisdiction. Proceeds  before Underwriting expenses  to Price to Public(1) Compensation Barclays PLC Per Security 100.000% 1.000% 99.000% Total £1 500 000 000 £15 000 000 £1 485 000 000 Note: (1) Plus accrued interest  if any  from and including March 6  2023. The Securities will be issued in registered form. The Securities will be represented by one global certificate that will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream  Luxembourg (each as defined herein)  and registered in the name of such common depositary or its nominee. Holders of the Securities will hold beneficial interests in the Securities through Clearstream  Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and their respective direct and indirect participants and such direct and indirect participants will record such beneficial interest on their books. The underwriters expect to deliver the Securities to purchasers in book-entry form only through the facilities of Clearstream  Luxembourg  and/or Euroclear  on or about March 6  2023. By its acquisition of the Securities  each holder and beneficial owner of the Securities shall also be deemed to have (i) acknowledged and agreed that an interest payment shall not be due and payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date if it has been cancelled or deemed cancelled (in each case  in whole or in part) for any reason in accordance with the terms of the Securities  (ii) consented to (x) the Automatic Conversion  including the appointment of a Conversion Shares Depository and the issuance of the Conversion Shares thereto (or any related Conversion Shares Offer Consideration  including the appointment of any Conversion Shares Offer Agent (as defined herein) and the sale of the Conversion Shares by the Conversion Shares Depository)  and acknowledged that such Automatic Conversion of its Securities (and any related Conversion Shares Offer) may occur without any further action on the part of such holder or beneficial owner or the Trustee and (y) the exercise of any U.K. Bail-in Power as it may be imposed without any prior notice by the Relevant U.K. Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to the Securities and (iii) authorized  directed and requested Clearstream  Luxembourg and/or Euroclear  their respective direct participants or any other intermediary through which they hold such Securities to take any and all necessary action  if required  to implement (x) the Automatic Conversion (including any related Conversion Shares Offer) and (y) the exercise of any U.K. Bail-in Power with respect to the Securities as it may be imposed  without any further action or direction on the part of such holder or beneficial owner or the Trustee. Sole Structuring Adviser and Sole Bookrunner Barclays Joint Lead Managers BBVA BNP PARIBAS Citigroup Commerzbank J.P. Morgan Lloyds Bank Corporate Mizuho Nordea Markets Socie´te Ge´ne´rale TD Securities UBS Investment Bank UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking Senior Co-Managers ANZ BMO Capital Markets CaixaBank CIBC Capital Markets Danske Markets DZ Financial Markets LLC MUFG Rabobank Raiffeisen Bank International Santander Swedbank Prospectus Supplement dated February 27  2023 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT Prohibition on marketing and sales to retail investors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Forward-Looking Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Incorporation of Documents by Reference . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Certain Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Summary of Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Currency Conversion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Use Of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities . . . Tax Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Benefit Plan Investor Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trading in Ordinary Shares by the Issuer and its Affiliates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Validity of Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . PROSPECTUS Forward-Looking Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Certain Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The Barclays Group . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Use of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Debt Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Contingent Capital Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Ordinary Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Certain Provisions Relating to Debt Securities and Contingent Capital Securities . . . Clearance and Settlement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Tax Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee Retirement Income Security Act . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Plan of Distribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Service of Process and Enforcement of Liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Where You Can Find More Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Further Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Validity of Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Experts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Expenses of Issuance and Distribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Page Number S-1 S-3 S-4 S-5 S-8 S-23 S-25 S-54 S-55 S-56 S-90 S-96 S-98 S-104 S-105 1 2 3 5 6 7 26 47 49 52 58 79 81 86 87 88 89 90 91 Suitability of Investment in the Securities The Securities discussed in this prospectus supplement are high risk and complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors as a way to enhance yield with an understood  measured  appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular  each potential investor should: have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities  the merits and risk of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus; have access to  and knowledge of  appropriate analytical tools to evaluate  in the context of its particular financial situation  an investment in the Securities and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities  such as the provisions governing an Automatic Conversion (including  in particular  the circumstances under which a Capital Adequacy Trigger Event may occur) and the situations in which interest payments may be cancelled or deemed cancelled and be familiar with the resolution regime applicable to the Group  including the possibility that the Securities may become subject to write-down or conversion if the resolution powers are exercised; be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic  interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and understand the accounting  legal  regulatory and tax implications of a purchase  and the holding and disposal of an investment in the Securities. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations  or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (i) the Securities are legal investments for it; (ii) the Securities can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Prior to making an investment decision  potential investors should consider carefully  in light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives  all the information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Barclays plc published this content on 07 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 07 March 2023 16:14:02 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about BARCLAYS PLC 01:26p Alfa Financial chair and CEO to sell GBP23 million worth of shares AN 09:51a Factbox-Fed rate watch: Powell fuels bets of longer hike cycle  h.. RE 08:31a India's Adani repays $500 million bridge loan - Bloomberg News RE 07:28a Barclays cuts 2023 oil price forecasts on resilient Russian output RE 07:16a Federal Reserve Warms to Half-Point Rate Rise; No Rate Move Expected Today by Bank of C.. DJ 06:14a Blackstone and Thomson Reuters sell GBP2 billion LSEG stake AN 03:32a SoftBank's Arm Eyes $8 Billion from US IPO This Year MT 12:17a EMEA Morning Briefing: Tightening Fears to Weigh on Shares DJ 03/07 INDIA BONDS-India bond yields jump as bets of larger Fed rate hike rise RE 03/07 DIARY-Top Economic Events to April 28 RE Analyst Recommendations on BARCLAYS PLC 03/06 BARCLAYS : UBS maintains a Buy rating MD 03/06 DB cuts Reckitt; Jefferies likes Tesco AN 03/01 Canaccord says sell Future; Investec likes RWS AN",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['Prospectus Supplement', 'Barclays', 'Publication', '9.250% Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities', 'Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities Barclays PLC', 'U.K. Financial Conduct Authority', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'applicable Mid-Market Swap Rate', 'relevant Reset Determination Date', 'U.K. MiFIR', 'multiple email addresses', 'fifth (5th) anniversary', 'three decimal places', 'initial interest rate', '0,000,000 aggregate principal amount', 'subordinated obligations', 'perpetual securities', 'International Securities Market', 'Interest Payment Date', 'Financial Services', 'fixed maturity', 'quarterly rate', 'Reset Date', 'Issue Date', 'redemption date', 'Calculation Agent', 'market convention', 'regulated market', 'MiFID II', 'professional investors', 'Official List', 'domestic law', 'United Kingdom', 'European Union', 'absolute discretion', 'direct, unsecured', 'minimum denominations', 'integral multiples', 'additional interest', 'The Securities', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Markets Act', 'sole discretion', 'First name', 'The ISM', 'The LSE', 'Withdrawal Act', 'Part VI', 'Publication', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'March', 'Issuer', 'next', 'annum', 'sum', 'conditions', 'arrear', 'June', 'September', 'December', 'year', 'purposes', 'FCA', 'contents', 'particulars', 'FSMA', 'Regulation', 'virtue', 'terms', 'times', 'reason', 'circumstances', 'respect', 'extent', 'accordance', 'case', 'holders', 'rights', 'compensation', 'result', 'cancellation', 'fact', 'winding-up', 'administration', 'pari', 'preference', 'form', 'excess', 'option', 'day', 'period']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
19992,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/crayfish-bidco-oy-commences-the-voluntary-public-cash-tender-offer-for-all-shares-in-caverion-corporation-on-8-march-2023-301764810.html,CRAYFISH BIDCO OY COMMENCES THE VOLUNTARY PUBLIC CASH TENDER OFFER FOR ALL SHARES IN CAVERION CORPORATION ON 8 MARCH 2023,"Crayfish BidCo Oy  Stock Exchange Release  7 March 2023 at 6:30 p.m. (EET) HELSINKI  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 10 January 2023  Crayfish BidCo Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a Finnish private limited liability company indirectly controlled by the entities compris…","Crayfish BidCo Oy  Stock Exchange Release  7 March 2023 at 6:30 p.m. (EET)HELSINKI  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 10 January 2023  Crayfish BidCo Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a Finnish private limited liability company indirectly controlled by the entities comprising Triton Fund V (together ""Triton"")  announced a voluntary public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (""Caverion"" or the ""Company"") that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). On 24 February 2023  the Offeror announced that it has improved the Tender Offer by increasing the offer price thereunder to EUR 8.95 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Price"").The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the tender offer document relating to the Tender Offer (the ""Tender Offer Document""). The acceptance period for the Tender Offer will commence on 8 March 2023 at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expire on 17 May 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the acceptance period is extended or discontinued (the ""Offer Period""). If necessary regulatory approvals have not been obtained by the end of the Offer Period  the Offeror intends to  in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and applicable laws and regulations  extend the initial Offer Period in order to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer is currently expected to be completed during the third or fourth quarter of 2023. Any possible extension of the Offer Period will be announced by way of a stock exchange release as soon as practically possible.The Finnish language version of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.triton--offer.com/fi and www.danskebank.fi/caverion as of 7 March 2023. The English language translation of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.triton-offer.com and www.danskebank.fi/caverion-en as of 7 March 2023.The Offer Price under the Tender Offer is EUR 8.95 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer. The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding on the date of the Tender Offer Document as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period or during or after any extended offer period)  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis. Caverion announced on 9 February 2023  in connection with its financial statements release  that the Board of Directors of Caverion proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Caverion to be held on 27 March 2023 that a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share would be paid for the year 2022. If Caverion would distribute a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share  and the record date for such dividend distribution would occur prior to the settlement of any of the completion trades of the Tender Offer  the Offer Price payable for Shares settled after such record date would be EUR 8.75 per Share.The completion of the Tender Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Offeror of certain customary conditions on or prior to the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer including  among others  obtaining merger control clearance and all other necessary regulatory approvals  and that the Tender Offer has been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any other Shares otherwise acquired by the Offeror prior to or during the offer period  more than ninety (90) percent of the outstanding shares and voting rights in the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.Most Finnish account operators are expected to send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (""Danske Bank"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@danskebank.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer  or  if such shareholders are U.S. residents or located within the United States  they may contact their brokers for the necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.A shareholder of Caverion who is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders' register of Caverion and who wishes to accept the Tender Offer shall submit a properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with its instructions and within the time limit set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period or  in the case such account operator does not accept acceptance notifications  such shareholder shall primarily contact his/her/its own bank to give his/her/its acceptance to tender his/her/its Shares  or secondarily contact Danske Bank by sending an email to caverion-offer@danskebank.com for further information. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period or in an incorrect or incomplete manner. The Offeror may  in its sole discretion  also reject any partial tender of the Shares per book-entry account.The preliminary result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the conditions to completion being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) at the latest. The announcement of the final result will confirm (i) the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn and (ii) whether the Tender Offer will be completed.The Offeror reserves the right to acquire further Shares before  during and/or after the offer period (including any extension thereof and any subsequent offer period) in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise  and currently intends to continue to seek to do so as soon as possible.The terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are enclosed in their entirety to this stock exchange release (Appendix 1).Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft act as the financial advisers to the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer. Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch acts as the arranger of the Tender Offer. Avance Attorneys Ltd acts as the lead legal adviser and Dentons UK and Middle East LLP as legal adviser as to U.S. and UK securities laws in connection with the Tender Offer.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION  PLEASE SEE SECTION ENTITLED ""IMPORTANT INFORMATION"" BELOW.INVESTOR AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESFor further information  please contact:Fredrik Hazén  Communications Professional at Triton+46 709 483 810hazen.wp@triton-partners.comMedia contact in Finland:Niko Vartiainen  Principal Consultant at Tekir+358 50 529 4299niko@tekir.fiMore information about the Tender Offer at: triton-offer.comABOUT TRITONTriton is a leading Northern European investment firm which seeks to contribute to the building of better businesses for the longer term. Triton and its executives strive to be agents of positive change towards sustainable operational improvements and growth. The Triton funds invest in and support the positive development of businesses headquartered predominantly in Northern Europe. Triton has a long track record of investing in service businesses  such as Caverion  across the Nordic and DACH regions.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE TENDER OFFER ARE NOT BEING MADE AND HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED BY AN AUTHORISED PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTION 21 OF THE UK FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (THE ""FSMA""). THE COMMUNICATION OF THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE TENDER OFFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE RESTRICTION ON FINANCIAL PROMOTIONS UNDER SECTION 21 OF THE FSMA ON THE BASIS THAT IT IS A COMMUNICATION BY OR ON BEHALF OF A BODY CORPORATE WHICH RELATES TO A TRANSACTION TO ACQUIRE DAY TO DAY CONTROL OF THE AFFAIRS OF A BODY CORPORATE; OR TO ACQUIRE 50 PER CENT. OR MORE OF THE VOTING SHARES IN A BODY CORPORATE  WITHIN ARTICLE 62 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesThe Tender Offer will be made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is being made in reliance on  and in compliance with  Rule 14d-1(c) under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. The Tender Offer is being made for securities of a non-US company. The Tender Offer is being made in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  any financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland (including International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union)  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. Any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland to the extent  and in the manner required  by Finnish law.Neither the United States Securities and Exchange Commission nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.Caverion is organized under the laws of Finland  and the Offeror is organized under the laws of Finland. Some or all of the officers and directors of the Offeror and Caverion  respectively  are residents of countries other than the United States. In addition  most of the assets of the Offeror and Caverion are located outside the United States. As a result  it may be difficult for U.S. shareholders to enforce their rights and any claim they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws. U.S. shareholders may not be able to sue a foreign company or its officers or directors in a foreign court for violations of the U.S. securities laws  and it may be difficult to compel a foreign company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgement.Forward-looking statementsThis stock exchange release contains statements that  to the extent they are not historical facts  constitute ""forward-looking statements"". Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans or intentions relating to acquisitions  competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to financial position  future operations and development  business strategy and the trends in the industries and the political and legal environment and other information that is not historical information. In some instances  they can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"" or  in each case  their negative or variations on comparable terminology. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. Given these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as at the date of this stock exchange release.DisclaimerDanske Bank A/S is authorised under Danish banking law. It is subject to supervision by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. Danske Bank A/S is a private  limited liability company incorporated in Denmark with its head office in Copenhagen where it is registered in the Danish Commercial Register under number 61126228.Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is authorised under German Banking Law (competent authority: European Central Bank). It is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin  Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is a joint stock corporation incorporated with limited liability in the Federal Republic of Germany  with its head office in Frankfurt am Main where it is registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court under number HRB 30 000.Danske Bank A/S (acting via its Finland Branch) and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft are acting as financial advisers to the Offeror and no other person in connection with these materials or their contents. Danske Bank A/S and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will not be responsible to any person other than the Offeror for providing any of the protections afforded to clients of Danske Bank A/S or Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  nor for providing any advice in relation to any matter referred to in these materials. Without limiting a person's liability for fraud  neither Danske Bank A/S  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft nor any of their affiliates nor any of their respective directors  officers  representatives  employees  advisers or agents shall have any liability to any other person (including  without limitation  any recipient) in connection with the Tender Offer.Appendix 1: Terms and conditions of the Tender OfferTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFERObject of the Tender OfferThrough a voluntary public cash tender offer in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended  the ""Finnish Securities Markets Act"") and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein  Crayfish BidCo Oy (the ""Offeror"") offers to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") that are not held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer"").The Offeror is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland. As at the date of the Tender Offer Document  the Offeror is indirectly controlled by the entities comprising Triton Fund V (together ""Triton"").Caverion is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland and its Shares are listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Nasdaq Helsinki"").Offer PriceThe Tender Offer was announced by the Offeror on 10 January 2023 (the ""Announcement"") with an offer price of EUR 8.00 in cash for each Share validly tendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. On 24 February 2023  the Offeror announced that it has improved the Tender Offer such that the offer price (the ""Offer Price"") is EUR 8.95 in cash for each Share validly tendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  subject to any adjustments as set out below.The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding on the date hereof as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period (as defined below) or during or after any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis. On 6 March 2023  Caverion published a notice convening the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Caverion  according to which the Board of Directors of Caverion proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Caverion to be held on 27 March 2023 that a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share would be paid for the year 2022. The Board of Directors of Caverion proposes that the dividend would be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment 29 March 2023 are recorded in the shareholder register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. If Caverion would distribute a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share  and the record date for such dividend distribution would occur prior to the settlement of any of the completion trades of the Tender Offer  the Offer Price payable for Shares settled after such record date would be EUR 8.75 per Share.Any adjustment of the Offer Price pursuant to the above paragraph will be announced by way of a stock exchange release. If the Offer Price is adjusted  the Offer Period (as defined below) will continue for at least ten (10) Finnish banking days following such announcement.Offer PeriodThe acceptance period for the Tender Offer commences on 8 March 2023  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expires on 17 May 2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the acceptance period is extended or discontinued as described below (the ""Offer Period"").The Offeror may extend the Offer Period (i) at any time until the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) have been fulfilled or waived  (ii) in case of any competing offer as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 17 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  and/or (iii) with a Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below) in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer whereby the Offeror also declares the Tender Offer unconditional  as set forth below. The Offeror will announce a possible extension of the Offer Period  including the duration of the extended Offer Period  which shall be at least two (2) weeks or until further notice beyond two (2) weeks  by a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the original Offer Period  at the latest. Furthermore  the Offeror will announce any possible further extension of an already extended Offer Period or an extension of a discontinued Offer Period on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of an already extended Offer Period or a discontinued Offer Period  at the latest.According to Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the duration of the Offer Period in its entirety may be ten (10) weeks at the maximum. However  if the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) have not been fulfilled due to a particular obstacle as referred to in the regulations and guidelines 9/2013 of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the ""FIN-FSA"") on Takeover Bids and Mandatory Bids (as may be amended or re-enacted from time to time) (the ""FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines"")  such as  for example  pending approval by a competition authority  or if there are other special reasons as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 12  Subsection 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the Offeror may extend the Offer Period beyond ten (10) weeks until such obstacle has been removed and the Offeror has had reasonable time to respond to the situation in question  provided that the business operations of the Company are not hindered for longer than is reasonable  as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 12  Subsection 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. The Offeror may extend the Offer Period under the same conditions as stated above also due to  for example  pending approval by a foreign investment regulatory authority. The Offer Period may also be extended as required under applicable laws or regulations. The expiry date of any extended Offer Period will in such case  unless published in connection with the announcement of the extension of the Offer Period  be published by the Offeror at least two (2) weeks before such expiry. Further  any Subsequent Offer Period may extend beyond ten (10) weeks.The Offeror may discontinue the Offer Period 1) should all the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) be fulfilled or waived by the Offeror before the expiry of the Offer Period and execute the sale and purchase of the Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in accordance with section ""— Terms of Payment and Settlement"" below; or 2) should a competing public tender offer for shares in the Company be announced by a third party during the Offer Period or should the pending voluntary public tender offer for all issued and outstanding shares in Caverion by North Holdings 3 Oy  an acquisition vehicle controlled by the consortium led by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP  and/or its affiliates (""Bain Capital"")  announced on 3 November 2022 and amended on 24 January 2023 (the ""Bain Capital Offer"") be further improved during the Offer Period. However  the duration of the Offer Period shall be at least three (3) weeks from the date of the commencement of the Offer Period  i.e.  from 8 March 2023. If the Offeror discontinues the Offer Period  the Offeror will announce its decision thereon through a stock exchange release as soon as possible after such decision has been made and  in any case  at least two (2) weeks before the expiry of the Offer Period to be discontinued. If the Offeror discontinues the Offer Period  the Offer Period will expire on such earlier date and at the time indicated in the announcement made by the Offeror.The Offeror may also discontinue any extended Offer Period. The Offeror will announce its decision on the discontinuation of any extended Offer Period through a stock exchange release as soon as possible after such decision has been made and  in any case  at least two (2) weeks before the expiry of the extended Offer Period to be discontinued. If the Offeror discontinues any extended Offer Period  the extended Offer Period will expire on such earlier date and at the time indicated in the announcement made by the Offeror.The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer as set forth in ""— Announcement of the Result of the Tender Offer"" below (such extended Offer Period  the ""Subsequent Offer Period""). In the event of such Subsequent Offer Period  the Subsequent Offer Period will expire on the date and at the time determined by the Offeror in such an announcement. The expiration of a Subsequent Offer Period will be announced at least two (2) weeks before the expiration of such Subsequent Offer Period. The Offeror may also extend the Subsequent Offer Period by announcing this through a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the initially expected expiration of the Subsequent Offer Period  at the latest.Conditions to Completion of the Tender OfferThe obligation of the Offeror to accept for payment the validly tendered Shares and to complete the Tender Offer is subject to the fulfillment or  to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  waiver by the Offeror of each of the following conditions (jointly the ""Conditions to Completion"") on or prior to the date of the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 18 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act:a. the Tender Offer having been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any other Shares otherwise acquired by the Offeror prior to or during the offer period  more than ninety (90) percent of the outstanding shares and voting rights in the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ""Finnish Companies Act"");b. the receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals  permits  clearances and consents  including without limitation approvals required under applicable foreign direct investment laws and merger control clearances (or  where applicable  the expiry of relevant waiting periods) required under applicable competition laws or other laws in any jurisdiction for the completion of the Tender Offer and that any conditions set out in such approvals  permits  clearances or consents  including  but not limited to  any requirements for the disposal of any assets of the Company or the Offeror or their respective affiliated entities  or any reorganization of the business of the Company or the Offeror or their respective affiliated entities are  in each case  satisfactory to the Offeror in that they are not materially adverse to the Offeror  the Company or their respective affiliated entities  as the case may be  in view of the Tender Offer;c. no Material Adverse Change (as defined below) in the Group (as defined below) having occurred after the Announcement;d. the Offeror not  after the Announcement  having received information previously undisclosed to it that constitutes a Material Adverse Change (as defined below) in the Group (as defined below);e. no information made public by the Group (as defined below) being materially inaccurate  incomplete  or misleading  and the Company not having failed to make public any information that should have been made public by it under applicable laws  regulations and/or the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki  provided that  in each case  the information made public  disclosed or not disclosed or the failure to disclose information constitutes a Material Adverse Change (as defined below) in the Group (as defined below);f. no legislation or other regulation having been issued and no court or regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction having given a decision or issued any regulatory action that would wholly or in any material part prevent  materially postpone or frustrate the completion of the Tender Offer;g. Caverion not having taken any action with a view to wholly or in any material part preventing  materially postponing or frustrating  or impairing the conditions for  the completion of the Tender Offer; andh. all Conditions to Completion having been fulfilled or waived no later than at such time as is required for the settlement of the completion trades with respect to Shares validly tendered in the Tender Offer to occur on or before 8 January 2024  as determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and applicable laws and such date being the agreed long-stop date under the Offeror's financing arrangements for the Tender Offer.The Conditions to Completion set out herein are exhaustive. The Offeror may invoke any of the Conditions to Completion so as to cause the Tender Offer not to proceed  to lapse or to be withdrawn if the circumstances which give rise to the right to invoke the relevant Condition to Completion have a significant meaning to the Offeror in view of the Tender Offer  as referred to in the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association. The Offeror reserves the right to waive any of the Conditions to Completion that have not been fulfilled  including to complete the Tender Offer after the date referred to in Condition to Completion (h) above  or to consummate the Tender Offer at a lower acceptance level or otherwise despite the non-fulfilment of some of the Conditions to Completion. If all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or the Offeror has waived the requirement for the fulfilment of all or some of them no later than at the time of announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer  the Offeror will consummate the Tender Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions after the expiration of the Offer Period by purchasing the Shares validly tendered in the Tender Offer and paying the Offer Price to the holders of the Shares that have validly accepted the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.""Affiliated Entities"" means the Company's subsidiaries including  without limitation  all branch and representative offices of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. Affiliated Entities shall also include CG FH St. Polten GmbH and Oy Botnia Mill Service Ab.""Group"" means the Company and the Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole.""Material Adverse Change"" means (a) the Company or any of its Affiliated Entities becoming insolvent  subject to administration  bankruptcy or any other equivalent insolvency proceedings or  if any legal proceedings or corporate resolution is taken by or against any of them in respect of any such proceedings  such action could reasonably be expected to result in the commencement of such proceedings  provided  in each case  that such proceedings could  individually or in the aggregate  reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in  or material adverse effect to  the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operation of the Group; (b) any divestment or reorganization of all or any material part of the assets of the Group; or (c) any event  condition  circumstance  development  occurrence  change  effect or fact (any such item an ""Effect"") that individually or in the aggregate  has  results in or would reasonably be expected to have or result in a material adverse effect on the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operations of the Group  excluding:i. any Effect in political  financial  industry  economic or regulatory conditions generally (including any Effect in interest or currency rates)  so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;ii. any Effect resulting from or caused by natural disasters  outbreak of major hostilities or any act of war or terrorism or change in prevailing COVID-19 situation so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;iii. the failure of the Company to meet any internal or published projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions in respect of revenues  earnings  net asset value or other financial or operating metrics before  on or after the date of the Announcement it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iii) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such failure to meet projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions constitutes a Material Adverse Change;iv. changes in the market price or trading volume of the Company's securities after the date of the Announcement  it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iv) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such change constitutes a Material Adverse Change;v. any Effect resulting from any actions taken by the Company at the express written request or direction of the Offeror;vi. any change in applicable statutes or other applicable legal or regulatory conditions  so long as such change does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole  in comparison to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business; orvii. any Effect directly attributable to (x) an act or omission carried out or omitted by the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer or (y) the announcement or completion of the Tender Offer (including the effect of any change of control or similar clauses in contracts entered into by the Group before the Announcement).Should a competing public tender offer for the shares in the Company be announced by a third party or should the Bain Capital Offer be further improved  in each case prior to or during the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to (i) if the Offer Period has commenced  extend the Offer Period  (ii) amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  and (iii) decide before the expiration of the competing public tender offer or the Bain Capital Offer  to withdraw the Tender Offer or let the Tender Offer lapse.Obligation to Increase the Tender Offer and to Pay CompensationThe Offeror reserves the right to acquire Shares before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof) and any Subsequent Offer Period in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise outside the Tender Offer.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in the manner referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares after the Announcement and before the expiry of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favorable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer to correspond with the terms and conditions of said acquisition on more favorable terms (the ""Increase Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Increase Obligation without delay and amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer to correspond to such acquisition on more favorable terms.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in the manner referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares within nine (9) months after the expiration of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favorable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  pay the difference between the consideration paid in an acquisition on more favorable terms and the Offer Price paid to those shareholders that have validly accepted the Tender Offer (the ""Compensation Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Compensation Obligation without delay and pay the difference between the consideration paid in such an acquisition on more favorable terms and the Offer Price within one (1) month of the date when the Compensation Obligation arose for those shareholders who have validly accepted the Tender Offer.However  according to Chapter 11  Section 25  Subsection 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the Compensation Obligation will not be triggered in case the payment of a higher price than the Offer Price is based on an arbitral award pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  provided that the Offeror or any party referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act has not offered to acquire Shares on terms that are more favorable than those of the Tender Offer before or during the arbitral proceedings.Acceptance Procedure of the Tender OfferThe Tender Offer may be accepted by a shareholder registered during the Offer Period in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy (""Euroclear Finland"")  except for Caverion and its subsidiaries. The acceptance of the Tender Offer must be submitted separately for each book-entry account. A shareholder of Caverion submitting an acceptance must have a cash account with a financial institution operating in Finland or abroad (see also ""— Terms of Payment and Settlement"" and ""Important Information""). Shareholders may only accept the Tender Offer unconditionally and for all Shares that are held on the book-entry accounts mentioned in the acceptance at the time of the execution of the transaction with respect to the Shares of such shareholder. Acceptances submitted during the Offer Period are valid also until the expiration of an extended or discontinued Offer Period  if any.Most Finnish account operators are expected to send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (""Danske Bank"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@danskebank.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer  or  if such shareholders are U.S. residents or located within the United States  they may contact their brokers for the necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.If the Shares held by a shareholder are pledged or otherwise subject to restrictions that prevent or limit the acceptance  the acceptance of the Tender Offer may require the consent of the pledgee or other beneficiary of a such restriction. If so  acquiring this consent is the responsibility of the relevant shareholder of Caverion. Such consent must be delivered in writing to the account operator.A shareholder of Caverion who is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders' register of Caverion and who wishes to accept the Tender Offer shall submit a properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with its instructions and within the time limit set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period or the Subsequent Offer Period or  in the case such account operator does not accept acceptance notifications  such shareholder shall primarily contact his/her/its own bank to give his/her/its acceptance to tender his/her/its Shares  or secondarily contact Danske Bank by sending an email to caverion-offer@danskebank.com for further information.Any acceptance must be submitted in such a manner that it will be received within the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) taking into account  however  the instructions given by the relevant account operator. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance must be submitted so that it is received during the Subsequent Offer Period  subject to and in accordance with the instructions of the relevant account operator. The account operator may request the receipt of acceptances prior to the expiration of the Offer Period and/or Subsequent Offer Period. Shareholders of Caverion submit acceptances at their own risk. Any acceptance will be considered as submitted only when an account operator has actually received it. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period (or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable) or in an incorrect or incomplete manner. The Offeror may  in its sole discretion  also reject any partial tender of the Shares per book-entry account.A shareholder who has validly accepted the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer may not sell or otherwise transfer his/her tendered Shares. By accepting the Tender Offer  the shareholders authorise their account operator to enter into their book-entry account a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal in the manner set out in ""— Technical Completion of the Tender Offer"" below after the shareholder has delivered the acceptance with respect to the Shares. Furthermore  the shareholders of Caverion that accept the Tender Offer authorise their account operator to perform necessary entries and undertake any other measures needed for the technical execution of the Tender Offer  and to sell all the Shares held by the shareholder of Caverion at the time of the execution of trades under the Tender Offer to the Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. In connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be transferred to the relevant shareholders of Caverion.By accepting the Tender Offer  the accepting shareholder authorises his/her depository participant to disclose the necessary personal data  the number of his/her book-entry account and the details of the acceptance to the parties involved in the order or the execution of the order and settlement of the Shares.Those shareholders of Caverion who have already accepted the Bain Capital Offer must  in order to accept the Tender Offer  first withdraw their acceptance of the Bain Capital Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bain Capital Offer.Right of Withdrawal of AcceptanceAn acceptance of the Tender Offer may be withdrawn by a shareholder of Caverion at any time before the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) until the Offeror has announced that all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or waived by the Offeror  that is  the Offeror has declared the Tender Offer unconditional. After such announcement  the Shares already tendered may not be withdrawn. Notwithstanding the foregoing  shareholders of Caverion may withdraw their acceptance until the end of the Offer Period if a competing public tender offer for the Shares is announced by a third party and the execution of the completion trades of the Shares has not taken place as set out under ""— Completion of the Tender Offer"".A valid withdrawal of an acceptance of the Tender Offer requires that a withdrawal notification is submitted in writing to the account operator to whom the original acceptance was submitted.For nominee-registered Shares  the shareholders must request the relevant custodian of the nominee-registered shareholder to execute a withdrawal notification.If a shareholder of Caverion validly withdraws an acceptance of the Tender Offer  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal with respect to Shares will be removed within three (3) Finnish banking days of the receipt of a withdrawal notification.A shareholder of Caverion who has validly withdrawn its acceptance of the Tender Offer may accept the Tender Offer again during the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) or during the Subsequent Offer Period  if any  by following the procedure set out under ""— Acceptance Procedure of the Tender Offer"" above.A shareholder of Caverion who withdraws its acceptance of the Tender Offer is obligated to pay any fees that the account operator operating the relevant book-entry account or the custodial nominee of a nominee-registered holding may collect for the withdrawal. In accordance with the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines  if a competing offer has been announced or a previously announced competing offer is improved during the Offer Period and the completion of the Tender Offer has not taken place  neither the Offeror nor Danske Bank (in its capacity as arranger) will charge the shareholders for validly withdrawing their acceptance in such a situation.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance of the Tender Offer will be binding and cannot be withdrawn  unless otherwise provided under mandatory law.Technical Completion of the Tender OfferWhen an account operator has received the properly completed and duly executed acceptance or acceptance otherwise approved by the Offeror with respect to the Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  the account operator will enter a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal into the relevant shareholder's book-entry account. In connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restrictions on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be paid to the relevant shareholder.Announcement of the Result of the Tender OfferThe preliminary result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the Conditions to Completion being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) at the latest. The announcement of the final result will confirm (i) the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn and (ii) whether the Tender Offer will be completed.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will announce the initial percentage of the Shares validly tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period and the final percentage on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period.Completion of the Tender OfferThe completion trades of the Tender Offer will be executed with respect to all of those Shares that have been validly tendered  and not validly withdrawn  into the Tender Offer no later than on the fifteenth (15th) Finnish banking day following the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer (the ""Completion Date""). If possible  the completion trades of the Shares will be executed on Nasdaq Helsinki  provided that such execution is allowed under the rules applied to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki. Otherwise  the completion trades will be made outside Nasdaq Helsinki. The completion trades of the Shares will be settled on the Completion Date or on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the Completion Date (the ""Settlement Date"").Terms of Payment and SettlementThe Offer Price will be paid on the Settlement Date to each shareholder of Caverion who has validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  the Tender Offer into the management account of the shareholder's book-entry account or  in the case of shareholders whose holdings are registered in the name of a nominee  into the bank account specified by the custodian or nominee. In any case  the Offer Price will not be paid to a bank account situated in Australia  Canada  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where the Tender Offer is not being made (see section ""Important Information""). If the management account of a shareholder of Caverion is with a different financial institution than the applicable book-entry account  the Offer Price will be paid into such cash account approximately two (2) Finnish banking days later in accordance with the schedule for payment transactions between financial institutions.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will in connection with the announcement thereof announce the terms of payment and settlement for the Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period. After the Completion Date  the completion trades with respect to Shares validly tendered and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer during the Subsequent Offer Period will  however  be executed within not more than two (2) week intervals.The Offeror reserves the right to postpone the payment of the Offer Price if payment is prevented or suspended due to a force majeure event but will immediately effect such payment once the force majeure event preventing or suspending payment is resolved. In addition  the Offeror reserves the right to withhold the payment of the Offer Price if payment is prevented or prohibited due to applicable sanctions laws or regulations and/or to rescind or terminate any acceptances if required by applicable sanctions laws or regulations. Unless the relevant acceptance is rescinded or terminated  the Offeror shall without delay effect the payment of the Offer Price once it is no longer prevented or prohibited due to applicable sanctions laws or regulations.If all the Conditions to Completion are not met and the Offeror does not waive such conditions or extend the Offer Period  the Tender Offer will expire  and no consideration will be paid for the tendered Shares.Transfer of TitleTitle to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  will pass to the Offeror on the Settlement Date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  title to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted during a Subsequent Offer Period will pass to the Offeror on the relevant settlement date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder.Transfer Tax and Other PaymentsThe Offeror will pay any transfer tax that may be charged in Finland in connection with the sale of the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer.Fees charged by account operators  asset managers  nominees or any other person for the release of collateral or the revoking of any other restrictions preventing the sale of the Shares  will be borne by each relevant shareholder of Caverion. Each shareholder of Caverion is liable for any fees that relate to a withdrawal of an acceptance made by such shareholder.The Offeror is liable for any other customary costs caused by the registration of entries in the book-entry system required by the Tender Offer  the execution of trades pertaining to the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer and the payment of the Offer Price.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a shareholder may be a taxable transaction for the respective shareholder under applicable tax laws  including those of the country of residency of the shareholder. Any tax liability arising to a shareholder from the receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer will be borne by such shareholder. Each shareholder is urged to consult with an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.Other MattersThe Tender Offer Document and the Tender Offer are governed by Finnish law. Any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Tender Offer will be settled by a court of competent jurisdiction in Finland.The Offeror reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 15 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. Should the FIN-FSA issue an order regarding an extension of the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to decide upon the withdrawal of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act.Should a competing public tender offer for the shares in the Company be announced by a third party or should the Bain Capital Offer be further improved  in each case prior to or during the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to (i) if the Offer Period has commenced  extend the Offer Period  (ii) amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  and (iii) decide before the expiration of the competing public tender offer or the Bain Capital Offer  to withdraw the Tender Offer or let the Tender Offer lapse.The Offeror may acquire  or enter into arrangements to acquire  Shares  or arrange ownership of Shares before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof and any Subsequent Offer Period) in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise outside the Tender Offer  to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations.Other InformationDanske Bank acts as arranger in relation to the Tender Offer  which means that it performs certain administrative services relating to the Tender Offer. This does not mean that a person who accepts the Tender Offer (the ""Participant"") will be regarded as a customer of Danske Bank as a result of such acceptance. A Participant will be regarded as a customer only if Danske Bank has provided advice to the Participant or has otherwise contacted the Participant personally regarding the Tender Offer. If the Participant is not regarded as a customer  the investor protection rules under the Finnish Act on Investment Services (747/2012  as amended) will not apply to the acceptance. This means  among other things  that neither the so-called customer categorization nor the so-called appropriateness test will be performed with respect to the Tender Offer. Each Participant is therefore responsible for ensuring that it has sufficient experience and knowledge to understand the risks associated with the Tender Offer.Important Information regarding NID and LEIAccording to Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (MiFID II)  all investors must have a global identification code from 3 January 2018  in order to carry out a securities transaction. These requirements require legal entities to apply for registration of a Legal Entity Identifier (""LEI"") code  and natural persons need to state their NID (National ID or National Client Identifier) when accepting the Tender Offer. Each person's legal status determines whether a LEI code or NID number is required  and the book-entry account operator may be prevented from performing the transaction to any person if LEI or NID number is not provided. Legal persons who need to obtain a LEI code can contact the relevant authority or one of the suppliers available on the market. Those who intend to accept the Tender Offer are encouraged to apply for registration of a LEI code (legal persons) or to acquire their NID number (natural persons) well in advance  as this information is required in the acceptance at the time of submission.Information regarding Processing of Personal DataShareholders who accept the Tender Offer will submit personal data  such as name  address and social security number  to Danske Bank  which is the controller for the processing of such data. Personal data provided to Danske Bank will be processed in data systems to the extent required to administer the Tender Offer. Personal data obtained from sources other than the customer may also be processed. Personal data may also be processed in the data systems of companies with which Danske Bank cooperates and it may be disclosed to the Offeror to the extent necessary for administering the Tender Offer. Address details may be obtained by Danske Bank through an automatic procedure executed by Euroclear Finland. Additional information on processing of personal data by Danske Bank  including details on how to exercise data subjects' rights  may be found at www.danskebank.com.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/22099/3729077/a2efb76e8e4376c4.pdf Release - 7 March 2023 ENGSOURCE Crayfish BidCo Oy",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['VOLUNTARY PUBLIC CASH TENDER OFFER', 'CRAYFISH BIDCO', 'CAVERION CORPORATION', 'ALL', 'SHARES', '8 MARCH', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Finnish private limited liability company', 'voluntary public cash tender offer', 'Most Finnish account operators', 'other necessary regulatory approvals', 'financial statements release', 'Finnish language version', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Crayfish BidCo Oy', 'English language translation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'merger control clearance', 'U.S. residents', 'other similar transaction', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'The Tender Offer', 'The Offer Price', 'Danske Bank A/S', 'Triton Fund V', 'tender offer document', 'initial Offer Period', 'extended offer period', 'new share issue', 'Finnish time', 'other assets', 'stock split', 'Finland Branch', 'necessary information', 'other Shares', 'applicable laws', 'fourth quarter', 'possible extension', 'reverse split', 'euro basis', 'ninety (90) percent', 'voting rights', 'asset manager', 'United States', 'acceptance period', 'record date', 'completion trades', 'final result', 'related instructions', 'outstanding shares', 'customary conditions', ""shareholders' register"", 'Caverion Corporation', '7 March', 'HELSINKI', 'PRNewswire', '10 January', 'Offeror', 'entities', 'subsidiaries', '24 February', '8 March', '9:30 a', '17 May', 'accordance', 'terms', 'regulations', 'order', 'third', 'way', 'internet', 'triton-offer', '136,472,645 issued', 'number', 'reclassification', 'funds', 'respect', 'foregoing', 'settlements', 'expiry', '9 February', 'connection', 'Board', 'Directors', 'year', 'distribution', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'announcement', 'others', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'notice', 'email', 'danskebank', 'brokers', '6:30', '4:00']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,prnewswire.co.uk
19993,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2621735/0/en/Proposals-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Municipality-Finance-Plc.html,Proposals to the Annual General Meeting of Municipality Finance Plc,Municipality Finance PlcStock Exchange Release 7 March 2023 at 11:00 am (EET)  Proposals to the Annual General Meeting of Municipality Finance Plc ......,English FinnishMunicipality Finance PlcStock Exchange Release7 March 2023 at 11:00 am (EET)Proposals to the Annual General Meeting of Municipality Finance PlcMunicipality Finance Plc’s (hereinafter MuniFin) Board of Directors (the Board) and the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee (the Nomination Committee) have made the following proposals to the Annual General Meeting (the AGM) convening on 28 March 2023 at 10:00 am (EET).Use of profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendMuniFin has distributable funds of EUR 365 774 616.34 of which the profit for the financial year totaled EUR 138 060 709.21. The Board proposes to the AGM that a dividend of EUR 1.73 per share  totaling EUR 67 580 370.54 shall be distributed based on the balance sheet to be adopted for 2022.MuniFin’s profit for the financial year is very good. The Board considers the proposed payment of dividend justified. MuniFin clearly fulfils all the prudential requirements set to it. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year and the Board estimates that the distribution of dividends will not place the fulfilment of the capital requirements or the company's liquidity in jeopardy nor is it incompatible with the legislation applicable to MuniFin.The dividends will be paid to shareholders who are recorded in the company's list of shareholders on 4 April 2023. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 13 April 2023.Remuneration and composition of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes to the AGM the following remuneration of the Board for the term from the closing of the 2023 AGM to the closing of the next AGM (the Term 2023–2024):annual fixed remuneration of a Board member EUR 24 000;annual fixed remuneration of the Vice Chair of the Board EUR 27 500;annual fixed remuneration of the Chair of the Risk or Audit Committee EUR 29 500;annual fixed remuneration of the Chair of the Board EUR 42 000; andfor each Board and committee meeting as well as for each meeting required by the authorities  to the members  a fee of EUR 600 per meeting attended and to the chairs  EUR 950 per meeting attended.The proposed remuneration means an increase of EUR 2 000 to the annual fixed remuneration of the Chair of the Board  an increase of EUR 1 500 to the annual fixed remuneration of the Vice Chair of the Board and the Chairs of the Risk and Audit Committees and an increase of EUR 1 000 to the annual fixed remuneration of a Board member. The proposal will also increase the meeting fees by EUR 150 for the chairs of the Board and its committees and by EUR 100 for other positions.The Nomination Committee proposes to the AGM that eight members will be elected to the Board for the Term 2023–2024. The Nomination Committee proposes that the following current members will be re-elected: Mr. Kari Laukkanen  Ms. Maaria Eriksson  Mr. Markku Koponen  Mr. Tuomo Mäkinen  Ms. Minna Smedsten  Mr. Denis Strandell and Ms. Leena Vainiomäki. In addition  the Nomination Committee proposes that Mr. Arto Vuojolainen will be elected to the Board as a new member. Ms. Vivi Marttila  a current member of the Board  is no longer available to the Board for the next term.Arto Vuojolainen is the Operational and Financial Director of the City of Tampere. Before his current employer  Vuojolainen worked for a long time in various banks in expert and management positions related to credit granting and customer relations.The Nomination Committee proposes to the Board to be elected by the AGM to reappoint Kari Laukkanen as the Chair and Maaria Eriksson as the Vice Chair.Election and remuneration of the auditorThe Board proposes to the AGM to re-elect KPMG Oy Ab as the company’s auditor for the Term 2023–2024. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that in the event they are elected as the company’s auditor  Ms. Tiia Kataja  APA  will act as the principal auditor. Tiia Kataja has acted as the principal auditor during the previous term as well. The Board proposes to the AGM that the auditor’s fees will be paid against reasonable invoices.Election of the auditor for the term commencing in 2024The Board proposes that the AGM takes note of the Audit Committee’s recommendation concerning the election of the auditor for the term commencing in 2024 and the Board’s proposal  which was made based on the recommendation  on the election of the auditor to the AGM of to be held next year  i.e. in 2024.For the term commencing in 2024  the company is required to arrange the election of the Auditor in accordance with the selection process for an audit firm as referred in the EU Audit Regulation (Regulation) due to mandatory rotation required by the Regulation. The Board’s Audit Committee launched the tendering process required by the Regulation in April 2022 and completed it at the end of 2022 and gave its recommendation to the Board on the auditor for the term commencing in 2024. As the Audit Committee has already issued its recommendations for the term commencing at the end of the AGM 2024  and the Board has decided to make a proposal to the AGM 2024 in accordance with the Committee's proposal  the Board has considered it best to bring the Committee's recommendation and the proposal of the Board to the attention of shareholders without delay already at the AGM 2023.Thus  the Board will propose to the AGM 2024 based on the Audit Committee’s recommendation that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy will be elected as the Auditor for the term beginning from the election and ending to the closing of the next AGM  i.e.  the AGM 2025.Dividend policyThe Board proposes to the AGM that the AGM adopts a dividend policy to the company. In accordance with the proposed dividend policy in the coming years MuniFin aims to pay 30-60% of the Group’s financial year’s profit for in dividends. However  dividend distribution must not jeopardize MuniFin’s solvency  liquidity or its ability to meet the commitments.The proposal for the dividend policy is based on the core mission of MuniFin  which is to ensure  in all market conditions  the accessibility and affordability of financing for its limited customer base with a public service mission. MuniFin’s target is to maintain a sufficient profit level  which ensures both carrying its core mission in the long term and fulfilling the owners’ proportionate expectations for revenue.Incorporation of MuniFin’s shares in a book-entry system and amendments to the articles of associationA) Incorporation of MuniFin’s shares in a book-entry system and the required amendments to the articles of associationThe Board proposes that the AGM decides on incorporating the shares of MuniFin in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as well as the amendments to MuniFin’s articles of association required by the incorporation. In addition  the Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to decide on the registration period  after which the shares of the company will be in the book-entry system.The following amendments to the articles of association are proposed in order to incorporate the shares to the book-entry system:A reference of the shares of the company being incorporated into a book-entry system after the end of a registration period defined by the Board is proposed to be added to the article three.The sentence “The consent clause must be noted on the share certificates and in the register of shareholders  as well as on any temporary certificates and subscription right certificates” is proposed to be deleted from the consent clause in article four.The sentence “The redemption clause must be noted on the share certificates and in the register of shareholders  as well as on any temporary certificates and subscription right certificates” is proposed to be deleted from the redemption clause in article five.The article 13 concerning the summons to general meeting is proposed to be reworded as follows “The summons to a General Meeting shall be delivered in writing by publishing it on the company’s website  by sending it to the e-mail addresses as notified by each shareholder to the company  by sending it by post to the address entered to the shareholder register or by publishing it in a publication specified by the Board of Directors. The summons to a General Meeting must be delivered at the earliest three months before the General Meeting and at the latest one week before the record date of the General meeting. The last date for advance notices of participation shall be mentioned in the summons of a General Meeting.”B) Other amendments to the articles of associationThe Board proposes that the AGM also decides on the following amendments to the articles of association:The article two of the articles of association concerning the company’s line of business states that “the company serves the whole Finnish municipal sector  and particularly the corporations as referred to in Section 1 of the Act on the Municipal Guarantee Board.” The section is proposed to be amended to “the company serves the corporations as referred to in Section 1 of the Act on the Municipal Guarantee Board”.The article eight of the articles of association states that “the Managing Director  the Deputy Managing Director and company officers may only belong to another company’s management with permission from the Board of Directors of Kuntarahoitus Oyj”. The reference to “company officers” is proposed to be replaced by the words “persons reporting directly to the Managing Director”.In addition  the Board proposes that small technical amendments will be made to the articles of association.The invitation to the AGM  including relevant appendices  is available on MuniFin’s website in Finnish.MUNICIPALITY FINANCE PLCFurther information:Esa KallioPresident and CEOtel. +358 50 337 7953MuniFin (Municipality Finance Plc) is one of Finland’s largest credit institutions. The company is owned by Finnish municipalities  the public sector pension fund Keva and the Republic of Finland. MuniFin Group also includes the subsidiary company  Financial Advisory Services Inspira Ltd. The Group’s balance sheet totals close to EUR 48 billion.MuniFin builds a better and more sustainable future with its customers. MuniFin’s customers include municipalities  joint municipal authorities  wellbeing services counties  corporate entities under their control  and non-profit organisations nominated by the Housing Finance and Development Centre of Finland (ARA). Lending is used for environmentally and socially responsible investment targets such as public transportation  sustainable buildings  hospitals and healthcare centres  schools and day care centres  and homes for people with special needs.MuniFin’s customers are domestic but the company operates in a completely global business environment. The company is an active Finnish bond issuer in international capital markets and the first Finnish green and social bond issuer. The funding is exclusively guaranteed by the Municipal Guarantee Board.Read more: www.munifin.fi,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.12,0.33,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Municipality Finance Plc', 'Proposals', 'Municipality Finance Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Mr. Tuomo Mäkinen', 'Ms. Leena Vainiomäki', 'Mr. Markku Koponen', 'Ms. Minna Smedsten', 'Mr. Denis Strandell', 'Ms. Vivi Marttila', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'annual fixed remuneration', 'Mr. Kari Laukkanen', 'Ms. Maaria Eriksson', 'Ms. Tiia Kataja', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Mr. Arto Vuojolainen', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'EU Audit Regulation', 'Audit Committee', 'committee meeting', 'audit firm', 'following remuneration', 'English Finnish', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'financial year', 'prudential requirements', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'capital requirements', 'other positions', 'new member', 'current member', 'Financial Director', 'current employer', 'long time', 'various banks', 'management positions', 'credit granting', 'customer relations', 'reasonable invoices', 'selection process', 'mandatory rotation', 'tendering process', 'The Board', 'eight members', 'Vice Chair', 'meeting fees', 'Board member', 'next term', 'principal auditor', 'previous term', 'following proposals', 'next AGM', 'committees', '2023 AGM', 'March', 'MuniFin', 'Directors', '10:00 am', 'Use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'EUR', 'payment', 'company', 'dividends', 'fulfilment', 'liquidity', 'jeopardy', 'legislation', 'list', '4 April', '13 April', 'composition', 'closing', 'Risk', 'authorities', 'chairs', 'increase', 'addition', 'Operational', 'City', 'Tampere', 'expert', 'event', 'APA', 'note', 'recommendation', 'accordance', '11:00', '2022']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
19994,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/crayfish-bidco-oy-commences-the-voluntary-public-cash-tender-offer-for-all-shares-in-caverion-corporation-on-8-march-2023-301764801.html,CRAYFISH BIDCO OY COMMENCES THE VOLUNTARY PUBLIC CASH TENDER OFFER FOR ALL SHARES IN CAVERION CORPORATION ON 8 MARCH 2023,"Crayfish BidCo Oy  Stock Exchange Release  7 March 2023 at 6:30 p.m. (EET) HELSINKI  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 10 January 2023  Crayfish BidCo Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a Finnish private limited liability company indirectly controlled by the entities compris…","Crayfish BidCo Oy  Stock Exchange Release  7 March 2023 at 6:30 p.m. (EET)HELSINKI  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- On 10 January 2023  Crayfish BidCo Oy (the ""Offeror"")  a Finnish private limited liability company indirectly controlled by the entities comprising Triton Fund V (together ""Triton"")  announced a voluntary public cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (""Caverion"" or the ""Company"") that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). On 24 February 2023  the Offeror announced that it has improved the Tender Offer by increasing the offer price thereunder to EUR 8.95 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer (the ""Offer Price"").The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the tender offer document relating to the Tender Offer (the ""Tender Offer Document""). The acceptance period for the Tender Offer will commence on 8 March 2023 at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expire on 17 May 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the acceptance period is extended or discontinued (the ""Offer Period""). If necessary regulatory approvals have not been obtained by the end of the Offer Period  the Offeror intends to  in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and applicable laws and regulations  extend the initial Offer Period in order to satisfy the conditions to completion of the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer is currently expected to be completed during the third or fourth quarter of 2023. Any possible extension of the Offer Period will be announced by way of a stock exchange release as soon as practically possible.The Finnish language version of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.triton--offer.com/fi and www.danskebank.fi/caverion as of 7 March 2023. The English language translation of the Tender Offer Document will be available on the internet at www.triton-offer.com and www.danskebank.fi/caverion-en as of 7 March 2023.The Offer Price under the Tender Offer is EUR 8.95 in cash for each Share validly tendered in the Tender Offer. The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding on the date of the Tender Offer Document as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period or during or after any extended offer period)  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis. Caverion announced on 9 February 2023  in connection with its financial statements release  that the Board of Directors of Caverion proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Caverion to be held on 27 March 2023 that a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share would be paid for the year 2022. If Caverion would distribute a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share  and the record date for such dividend distribution would occur prior to the settlement of any of the completion trades of the Tender Offer  the Offer Price payable for Shares settled after such record date would be EUR 8.75 per Share.The completion of the Tender Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Offeror of certain customary conditions on or prior to the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer including  among others  obtaining merger control clearance and all other necessary regulatory approvals  and that the Tender Offer has been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any other Shares otherwise acquired by the Offeror prior to or during the offer period  more than ninety (90) percent of the outstanding shares and voting rights in the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.Most Finnish account operators are expected to send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (""Danske Bank"") by sending an email to [email protected]  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer  or  if such shareholders are U.S. residents or located within the United States  they may contact their brokers for the necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.A shareholder of Caverion who is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders' register of Caverion and who wishes to accept the Tender Offer shall submit a properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with its instructions and within the time limit set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period or  in the case such account operator does not accept acceptance notifications  such shareholder shall primarily contact his/her/its own bank to give his/her/its acceptance to tender his/her/its Shares  or secondarily contact Danske Bank by sending an email to [email protected] for further information. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period or in an incorrect or incomplete manner. The Offeror may  in its sole discretion  also reject any partial tender of the Shares per book-entry account.The preliminary result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the conditions to completion being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) at the latest. The announcement of the final result will confirm (i) the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn and (ii) whether the Tender Offer will be completed.The Offeror reserves the right to acquire further Shares before  during and/or after the offer period (including any extension thereof and any subsequent offer period) in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise  and currently intends to continue to seek to do so as soon as possible.The terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are enclosed in their entirety to this stock exchange release (Appendix 1).Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft act as the financial advisers to the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer. Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch acts as the arranger of the Tender Offer. Avance Attorneys Ltd acts as the lead legal adviser and Dentons UK and Middle East LLP as legal adviser as to U.S. and UK securities laws in connection with the Tender Offer.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION  PLEASE SEE SECTION ENTITLED ""IMPORTANT INFORMATION"" BELOW.INVESTOR AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESFor further information  please contact:Fredrik Hazén  Communications Professional at Triton+46 709 483 810[email protected]Media contact in Finland:Niko Vartiainen  Principal Consultant at Tekir+358 50 529 4299[email protected]More information about the Tender Offer at: triton-offer.comABOUT TRITONTriton is a leading Northern European investment firm which seeks to contribute to the building of better businesses for the longer term. Triton and its executives strive to be agents of positive change towards sustainable operational improvements and growth. The Triton funds invest in and support the positive development of businesses headquartered predominantly in Northern Europe. Triton has a long track record of investing in service businesses  such as Caverion  across the Nordic and DACH regions.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE TENDER OFFER ARE NOT BEING MADE AND HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED BY AN AUTHORISED PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTION 21 OF THE UK FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (THE ""FSMA""). THE COMMUNICATION OF THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR MATERIALS RELATING TO THE TENDER OFFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE RESTRICTION ON FINANCIAL PROMOTIONS UNDER SECTION 21 OF THE FSMA ON THE BASIS THAT IT IS A COMMUNICATION BY OR ON BEHALF OF A BODY CORPORATE WHICH RELATES TO A TRANSACTION TO ACQUIRE DAY TO DAY CONTROL OF THE AFFAIRS OF A BODY CORPORATE; OR TO ACQUIRE 50 PER CENT. OR MORE OF THE VOTING SHARES IN A BODY CORPORATE  WITHIN ARTICLE 62 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesThe Tender Offer will be made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is being made in reliance on  and in compliance with  Rule 14d-1(c) under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. The Tender Offer is being made for securities of a non-US company. The Tender Offer is being made in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  any financial information included in this announcement has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland (including International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union)  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. Any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland to the extent  and in the manner required  by Finnish law.Neither the United States Securities and Exchange Commission nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.Caverion is organized under the laws of Finland  and the Offeror is organized under the laws of Finland. Some or all of the officers and directors of the Offeror and Caverion  respectively  are residents of countries other than the United States. In addition  most of the assets of the Offeror and Caverion are located outside the United States. As a result  it may be difficult for U.S. shareholders to enforce their rights and any claim they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws. U.S. shareholders may not be able to sue a foreign company or its officers or directors in a foreign court for violations of the U.S. securities laws  and it may be difficult to compel a foreign company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgement.Forward-looking statementsThis stock exchange release contains statements that  to the extent they are not historical facts  constitute ""forward-looking statements"". Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans or intentions relating to acquisitions  competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to financial position  future operations and development  business strategy and the trends in the industries and the political and legal environment and other information that is not historical information. In some instances  they can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"" or  in each case  their negative or variations on comparable terminology. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. Given these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as at the date of this stock exchange release.DisclaimerDanske Bank A/S is authorised under Danish banking law. It is subject to supervision by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. Danske Bank A/S is a private  limited liability company incorporated in Denmark with its head office in Copenhagen where it is registered in the Danish Commercial Register under number 61126228.Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is authorised under German Banking Law (competent authority: European Central Bank). It is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin  Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is a joint stock corporation incorporated with limited liability in the Federal Republic of Germany  with its head office in Frankfurt am Main where it is registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court under number HRB 30 000.Danske Bank A/S (acting via its Finland Branch) and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft are acting as financial advisers to the Offeror and no other person in connection with these materials or their contents. Danske Bank A/S and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will not be responsible to any person other than the Offeror for providing any of the protections afforded to clients of Danske Bank A/S or Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  nor for providing any advice in relation to any matter referred to in these materials. Without limiting a person's liability for fraud  neither Danske Bank A/S  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft nor any of their affiliates nor any of their respective directors  officers  representatives  employees  advisers or agents shall have any liability to any other person (including  without limitation  any recipient) in connection with the Tender Offer.Appendix 1: Terms and conditions of the Tender OfferTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFERObject of the Tender OfferThrough a voluntary public cash tender offer in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended  the ""Finnish Securities Markets Act"") and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein  Crayfish BidCo Oy (the ""Offeror"") offers to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") that are not held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer"").The Offeror is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland. As at the date of the Tender Offer Document  the Offeror is indirectly controlled by the entities comprising Triton Fund V (together ""Triton"").Caverion is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland and its Shares are listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Nasdaq Helsinki"").Offer PriceThe Tender Offer was announced by the Offeror on 10 January 2023 (the ""Announcement"") with an offer price of EUR 8.00 in cash for each Share validly tendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. On 24 February 2023  the Offeror announced that it has improved the Tender Offer such that the offer price (the ""Offer Price"") is EUR 8.95 in cash for each Share validly tendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  subject to any adjustments as set out below.The Offer Price has been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding on the date hereof as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period (as defined below) or during or after any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  the Offer Price payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis. On 6 March 2023  Caverion published a notice convening the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Caverion  according to which the Board of Directors of Caverion proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Caverion to be held on 27 March 2023 that a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share would be paid for the year 2022. The Board of Directors of Caverion proposes that the dividend would be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment 29 March 2023 are recorded in the shareholder register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. If Caverion would distribute a dividend of EUR 0.20 per Share  and the record date for such dividend distribution would occur prior to the settlement of any of the completion trades of the Tender Offer  the Offer Price payable for Shares settled after such record date would be EUR 8.75 per Share.Any adjustment of the Offer Price pursuant to the above paragraph will be announced by way of a stock exchange release. If the Offer Price is adjusted  the Offer Period (as defined below) will continue for at least ten (10) Finnish banking days following such announcement.Offer PeriodThe acceptance period for the Tender Offer commences on 8 March 2023  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and expires on 17 May 2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the acceptance period is extended or discontinued as described below (the ""Offer Period"").The Offeror may extend the Offer Period (i) at any time until the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) have been fulfilled or waived  (ii) in case of any competing offer as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 17 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  and/or (iii) with a Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below) in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer whereby the Offeror also declares the Tender Offer unconditional  as set forth below. The Offeror will announce a possible extension of the Offer Period  including the duration of the extended Offer Period  which shall be at least two (2) weeks or until further notice beyond two (2) weeks  by a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the original Offer Period  at the latest. Furthermore  the Offeror will announce any possible further extension of an already extended Offer Period or an extension of a discontinued Offer Period on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of an already extended Offer Period or a discontinued Offer Period  at the latest.According to Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the duration of the Offer Period in its entirety may be ten (10) weeks at the maximum. However  if the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) have not been fulfilled due to a particular obstacle as referred to in the regulations and guidelines 9/2013 of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the ""FIN-FSA"") on Takeover Bids and Mandatory Bids (as may be amended or re-enacted from time to time) (the ""FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines"")  such as  for example  pending approval by a competition authority  or if there are other special reasons as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 12  Subsection 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the Offeror may extend the Offer Period beyond ten (10) weeks until such obstacle has been removed and the Offeror has had reasonable time to respond to the situation in question  provided that the business operations of the Company are not hindered for longer than is reasonable  as referred to in Chapter 11  Section 12  Subsection 2 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. The Offeror may extend the Offer Period under the same conditions as stated above also due to  for example  pending approval by a foreign investment regulatory authority. The Offer Period may also be extended as required under applicable laws or regulations. The expiry date of any extended Offer Period will in such case  unless published in connection with the announcement of the extension of the Offer Period  be published by the Offeror at least two (2) weeks before such expiry. Further  any Subsequent Offer Period may extend beyond ten (10) weeks.The Offeror may discontinue the Offer Period 1) should all the Conditions to Completion (as defined below) be fulfilled or waived by the Offeror before the expiry of the Offer Period and execute the sale and purchase of the Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in accordance with section ""— Terms of Payment and Settlement"" below; or 2) should a competing public tender offer for shares in the Company be announced by a third party during the Offer Period or should the pending voluntary public tender offer for all issued and outstanding shares in Caverion by North Holdings 3 Oy  an acquisition vehicle controlled by the consortium led by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP  and/or its affiliates (""Bain Capital"")  announced on 3 November 2022 and amended on 24 January 2023 (the ""Bain Capital Offer"") be further improved during the Offer Period. However  the duration of the Offer Period shall be at least three (3) weeks from the date of the commencement of the Offer Period  i.e.  from 8 March 2023. If the Offeror discontinues the Offer Period  the Offeror will announce its decision thereon through a stock exchange release as soon as possible after such decision has been made and  in any case  at least two (2) weeks before the expiry of the Offer Period to be discontinued. If the Offeror discontinues the Offer Period  the Offer Period will expire on such earlier date and at the time indicated in the announcement made by the Offeror.The Offeror may also discontinue any extended Offer Period. The Offeror will announce its decision on the discontinuation of any extended Offer Period through a stock exchange release as soon as possible after such decision has been made and  in any case  at least two (2) weeks before the expiry of the extended Offer Period to be discontinued. If the Offeror discontinues any extended Offer Period  the extended Offer Period will expire on such earlier date and at the time indicated in the announcement made by the Offeror.The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period in connection with the announcement whereby the Offeror declares the Tender Offer unconditional or the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer as set forth in ""— Announcement of the Result of the Tender Offer"" below (such extended Offer Period  the ""Subsequent Offer Period""). In the event of such Subsequent Offer Period  the Subsequent Offer Period will expire on the date and at the time determined by the Offeror in such an announcement. The expiration of a Subsequent Offer Period will be announced at least two (2) weeks before the expiration of such Subsequent Offer Period. The Offeror may also extend the Subsequent Offer Period by announcing this through a stock exchange release on the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the initially expected expiration of the Subsequent Offer Period  at the latest.Conditions to Completion of the Tender OfferThe obligation of the Offeror to accept for payment the validly tendered Shares and to complete the Tender Offer is subject to the fulfillment or  to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  waiver by the Offeror of each of the following conditions (jointly the ""Conditions to Completion"") on or prior to the date of the Offeror's announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 18 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act:a. the Tender Offer having been validly accepted with respect to Shares representing  together with any other Shares otherwise acquired by the Offeror prior to or during the offer period  more than ninety (90) percent of the outstanding shares and voting rights in the Company calculated in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ""Finnish Companies Act"");b. the receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals  permits  clearances and consents  including without limitation approvals required under applicable foreign direct investment laws and merger control clearances (or  where applicable  the expiry of relevant waiting periods) required under applicable competition laws or other laws in any jurisdiction for the completion of the Tender Offer and that any conditions set out in such approvals  permits  clearances or consents  including  but not limited to  any requirements for the disposal of any assets of the Company or the Offeror or their respective affiliated entities  or any reorganization of the business of the Company or the Offeror or their respective affiliated entities are  in each case  satisfactory to the Offeror in that they are not materially adverse to the Offeror  the Company or their respective affiliated entities  as the case may be  in view of the Tender Offer;c. no Material Adverse Change (as defined below) in the Group (as defined below) having occurred after the Announcement;d. the Offeror not  after the Announcement  having received information previously undisclosed to it that constitutes a Material Adverse Change (as defined below) in the Group (as defined below);e. no information made public by the Group (as defined below) being materially inaccurate  incomplete  or misleading  and the Company not having failed to make public any information that should have been made public by it under applicable laws  regulations and/or the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki  provided that  in each case  the information made public  disclosed or not disclosed or the failure to disclose information constitutes a Material Adverse Change (as defined below) in the Group (as defined below);f. no legislation or other regulation having been issued and no court or regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction having given a decision or issued any regulatory action that would wholly or in any material part prevent  materially postpone or frustrate the completion of the Tender Offer;g. Caverion not having taken any action with a view to wholly or in any material part preventing  materially postponing or frustrating  or impairing the conditions for  the completion of the Tender Offer; andh. all Conditions to Completion having been fulfilled or waived no later than at such time as is required for the settlement of the completion trades with respect to Shares validly tendered in the Tender Offer to occur on or before 8 January 2024  as determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and applicable laws and such date being the agreed long-stop date under the Offeror's financing arrangements for the Tender Offer.The Conditions to Completion set out herein are exhaustive. The Offeror may invoke any of the Conditions to Completion so as to cause the Tender Offer not to proceed  to lapse or to be withdrawn if the circumstances which give rise to the right to invoke the relevant Condition to Completion have a significant meaning to the Offeror in view of the Tender Offer  as referred to in the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association. The Offeror reserves the right to waive any of the Conditions to Completion that have not been fulfilled  including to complete the Tender Offer after the date referred to in Condition to Completion (h) above  or to consummate the Tender Offer at a lower acceptance level or otherwise despite the non-fulfilment of some of the Conditions to Completion. If all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or the Offeror has waived the requirement for the fulfilment of all or some of them no later than at the time of announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer  the Offeror will consummate the Tender Offer in accordance with its terms and conditions after the expiration of the Offer Period by purchasing the Shares validly tendered in the Tender Offer and paying the Offer Price to the holders of the Shares that have validly accepted the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.""Affiliated Entities"" means the Company's subsidiaries including  without limitation  all branch and representative offices of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. Affiliated Entities shall also include CG FH St. Polten GmbH and Oy Botnia Mill Service Ab.""Group"" means the Company and the Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole.""Material Adverse Change"" means (a) the Company or any of its Affiliated Entities becoming insolvent  subject to administration  bankruptcy or any other equivalent insolvency proceedings or  if any legal proceedings or corporate resolution is taken by or against any of them in respect of any such proceedings  such action could reasonably be expected to result in the commencement of such proceedings  provided  in each case  that such proceedings could  individually or in the aggregate  reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in  or material adverse effect to  the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operation of the Group; (b) any divestment or reorganization of all or any material part of the assets of the Group; or (c) any event  condition  circumstance  development  occurrence  change  effect or fact (any such item an ""Effect"") that individually or in the aggregate  has  results in or would reasonably be expected to have or result in a material adverse effect on the business  assets  liabilities  prospects  condition (financial  trading or otherwise) or results of operations of the Group  excluding:i. any Effect in political  financial  industry  economic or regulatory conditions generally (including any Effect in interest or currency rates)  so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;ii. any Effect resulting from or caused by natural disasters  outbreak of major hostilities or any act of war or terrorism or change in prevailing COVID-19 situation so long as such Effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Group  relative to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business;iii. the failure of the Company to meet any internal or published projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions in respect of revenues  earnings  net asset value or other financial or operating metrics before  on or after the date of the Announcement it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iii) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such failure to meet projections  forecasts  estimates or predictions constitutes a Material Adverse Change;iv. changes in the market price or trading volume of the Company's securities after the date of the Announcement  it being understood that nothing in this sub-clause (iv) shall prevent or otherwise affect the determination as to whether any change or effect underlying such change constitutes a Material Adverse Change;v. any Effect resulting from any actions taken by the Company at the express written request or direction of the Offeror;vi. any change in applicable statutes or other applicable legal or regulatory conditions  so long as such change does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Affiliated Entities  taken as a whole  in comparison to other companies and groups in the same industries in jurisdictions where the Group conducts business; orvii. any Effect directly attributable to (x) an act or omission carried out or omitted by the Offeror in connection with the Tender Offer or (y) the announcement or completion of the Tender Offer (including the effect of any change of control or similar clauses in contracts entered into by the Group before the Announcement).Should a competing public tender offer for the shares in the Company be announced by a third party or should the Bain Capital Offer be further improved  in each case prior to or during the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to (i) if the Offer Period has commenced  extend the Offer Period  (ii) amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  and (iii) decide before the expiration of the competing public tender offer or the Bain Capital Offer  to withdraw the Tender Offer or let the Tender Offer lapse.Obligation to Increase the Tender Offer and to Pay CompensationThe Offeror reserves the right to acquire Shares before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof) and any Subsequent Offer Period in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise outside the Tender Offer.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in the manner referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares after the Announcement and before the expiry of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favorable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer to correspond with the terms and conditions of said acquisition on more favorable terms (the ""Increase Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Increase Obligation without delay and amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer to correspond to such acquisition on more favorable terms.Should the Offeror or another party acting in concert with the Offeror in the manner referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act acquire Shares within nine (9) months after the expiration of the Offer Period (including any Subsequent Offer Period) at a price higher than the Offer Price  or otherwise on more favorable terms  the Offeror must  in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 25 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  pay the difference between the consideration paid in an acquisition on more favorable terms and the Offer Price paid to those shareholders that have validly accepted the Tender Offer (the ""Compensation Obligation""). In such case  the Offeror will make public its Compensation Obligation without delay and pay the difference between the consideration paid in such an acquisition on more favorable terms and the Offer Price within one (1) month of the date when the Compensation Obligation arose for those shareholders who have validly accepted the Tender Offer.However  according to Chapter 11  Section 25  Subsection 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  the Compensation Obligation will not be triggered in case the payment of a higher price than the Offer Price is based on an arbitral award pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act  provided that the Offeror or any party referred to in Chapter 11  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act has not offered to acquire Shares on terms that are more favorable than those of the Tender Offer before or during the arbitral proceedings.Acceptance Procedure of the Tender OfferThe Tender Offer may be accepted by a shareholder registered during the Offer Period in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy (""Euroclear Finland"")  except for Caverion and its subsidiaries. The acceptance of the Tender Offer must be submitted separately for each book-entry account. A shareholder of Caverion submitting an acceptance must have a cash account with a financial institution operating in Finland or abroad (see also ""— Terms of Payment and Settlement"" and ""Important Information""). Shareholders may only accept the Tender Offer unconditionally and for all Shares that are held on the book-entry accounts mentioned in the acceptance at the time of the execution of the transaction with respect to the Shares of such shareholder. Acceptances submitted during the Offer Period are valid also until the expiration of an extended or discontinued Offer Period  if any.Most Finnish account operators are expected to send a notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (""Danske Bank"") by sending an email to [email protected]  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer  or  if such shareholders are U.S. residents or located within the United States  they may contact their brokers for the necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.If the Shares held by a shareholder are pledged or otherwise subject to restrictions that prevent or limit the acceptance  the acceptance of the Tender Offer may require the consent of the pledgee or other beneficiary of a such restriction. If so  acquiring this consent is the responsibility of the relevant shareholder of Caverion. Such consent must be delivered in writing to the account operator.A shareholder of Caverion who is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders' register of Caverion and who wishes to accept the Tender Offer shall submit a properly completed and duly executed acceptance form to the account operator managing the shareholder's book-entry account in accordance with its instructions and within the time limit set by the account operator  which may be prior to the expiry of the Offer Period or the Subsequent Offer Period or  in the case such account operator does not accept acceptance notifications  such shareholder shall primarily contact his/her/its own bank to give his/her/its acceptance to tender his/her/its Shares  or secondarily contact Danske Bank by sending an email to [email protected] for further information.Any acceptance must be submitted in such a manner that it will be received within the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) taking into account  however  the instructions given by the relevant account operator. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance must be submitted so that it is received during the Subsequent Offer Period  subject to and in accordance with the instructions of the relevant account operator. The account operator may request the receipt of acceptances prior to the expiration of the Offer Period and/or Subsequent Offer Period. Shareholders of Caverion submit acceptances at their own risk. Any acceptance will be considered as submitted only when an account operator has actually received it. The Offeror reserves the right to reject or approve  in its sole discretion  any acceptance submitted outside the Offer Period (or any Subsequent Offer Period  as applicable) or in an incorrect or incomplete manner. The Offeror may  in its sole discretion  also reject any partial tender of the Shares per book-entry account.A shareholder who has validly accepted the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer may not sell or otherwise transfer his/her tendered Shares. By accepting the Tender Offer  the shareholders authorise their account operator to enter into their book-entry account a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal in the manner set out in ""— Technical Completion of the Tender Offer"" below after the shareholder has delivered the acceptance with respect to the Shares. Furthermore  the shareholders of Caverion that accept the Tender Offer authorise their account operator to perform necessary entries and undertake any other measures needed for the technical execution of the Tender Offer  and to sell all the Shares held by the shareholder of Caverion at the time of the execution of trades under the Tender Offer to the Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. In connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be transferred to the relevant shareholders of Caverion.By accepting the Tender Offer  the accepting shareholder authorises his/her depository participant to disclose the necessary personal data  the number of his/her book-entry account and the details of the acceptance to the parties involved in the order or the execution of the order and settlement of the Shares.Those shareholders of Caverion who have already accepted the Bain Capital Offer must  in order to accept the Tender Offer  first withdraw their acceptance of the Bain Capital Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bain Capital Offer.Right of Withdrawal of AcceptanceAn acceptance of the Tender Offer may be withdrawn by a shareholder of Caverion at any time before the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) until the Offeror has announced that all Conditions to Completion have been fulfilled or waived by the Offeror  that is  the Offeror has declared the Tender Offer unconditional. After such announcement  the Shares already tendered may not be withdrawn. Notwithstanding the foregoing  shareholders of Caverion may withdraw their acceptance until the end of the Offer Period if a competing public tender offer for the Shares is announced by a third party and the execution of the completion trades of the Shares has not taken place as set out under ""— Completion of the Tender Offer"".A valid withdrawal of an acceptance of the Tender Offer requires that a withdrawal notification is submitted in writing to the account operator to whom the original acceptance was submitted.For nominee-registered Shares  the shareholders must request the relevant custodian of the nominee-registered shareholder to execute a withdrawal notification.If a shareholder of Caverion validly withdraws an acceptance of the Tender Offer  the sales reservation or the restriction on the right of disposal with respect to Shares will be removed within three (3) Finnish banking days of the receipt of a withdrawal notification.A shareholder of Caverion who has validly withdrawn its acceptance of the Tender Offer may accept the Tender Offer again during the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) or during the Subsequent Offer Period  if any  by following the procedure set out under ""— Acceptance Procedure of the Tender Offer"" above.A shareholder of Caverion who withdraws its acceptance of the Tender Offer is obligated to pay any fees that the account operator operating the relevant book-entry account or the custodial nominee of a nominee-registered holding may collect for the withdrawal. In accordance with the FIN-FSA Regulations and Guidelines  if a competing offer has been announced or a previously announced competing offer is improved during the Offer Period and the completion of the Tender Offer has not taken place  neither the Offeror nor Danske Bank (in its capacity as arranger) will charge the shareholders for validly withdrawing their acceptance in such a situation.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the acceptance of the Tender Offer will be binding and cannot be withdrawn  unless otherwise provided under mandatory law.Technical Completion of the Tender OfferWhen an account operator has received the properly completed and duly executed acceptance or acceptance otherwise approved by the Offeror with respect to the Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  the account operator will enter a sales reservation or a restriction on the right of disposal into the relevant shareholder's book-entry account. In connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer or the settlement thereof  the sales reservation or the restrictions on the right of disposal will be removed and the Offer Price will be paid to the relevant shareholder.Announcement of the Result of the Tender OfferThe preliminary result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period). In connection with the announcement of such preliminary result  it will be announced whether the Tender Offer will be completed subject to the Conditions to Completion being fulfilled or waived on the date of the final result announcement and whether the Offer Period will be extended. The final result of the Tender Offer will be announced on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiration of the Offer Period (including any extended or discontinued Offer Period) at the latest. The announcement of the final result will confirm (i) the percentage of the Shares that have been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn and (ii) whether the Tender Offer will be completed.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will announce the initial percentage of the Shares validly tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period and the final percentage on or about the third (3rd) Finnish banking day following the expiry of the Subsequent Offer Period.Completion of the Tender OfferThe completion trades of the Tender Offer will be executed with respect to all of those Shares that have been validly tendered  and not validly withdrawn  into the Tender Offer no later than on the fifteenth (15th) Finnish banking day following the announcement of the final result of the Tender Offer (the ""Completion Date""). If possible  the completion trades of the Shares will be executed on Nasdaq Helsinki  provided that such execution is allowed under the rules applied to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki. Otherwise  the completion trades will be made outside Nasdaq Helsinki. The completion trades of the Shares will be settled on the Completion Date or on or about the first (1st) Finnish banking day following the Completion Date (the ""Settlement Date"").Terms of Payment and SettlementThe Offer Price will be paid on the Settlement Date to each shareholder of Caverion who has validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  the Tender Offer into the management account of the shareholder's book-entry account or  in the case of shareholders whose holdings are registered in the name of a nominee  into the bank account specified by the custodian or nominee. In any case  the Offer Price will not be paid to a bank account situated in Australia  Canada  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China  Japan  New Zealand or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where the Tender Offer is not being made (see section ""Important Information""). If the management account of a shareholder of Caverion is with a different financial institution than the applicable book-entry account  the Offer Price will be paid into such cash account approximately two (2) Finnish banking days later in accordance with the schedule for payment transactions between financial institutions.In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  the Offeror will in connection with the announcement thereof announce the terms of payment and settlement for the Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offer Period. After the Completion Date  the completion trades with respect to Shares validly tendered and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer during the Subsequent Offer Period will  however  be executed within not more than two (2) week intervals.The Offeror reserves the right to postpone the payment of the Offer Price if payment is prevented or suspended due to a force majeure event but will immediately effect such payment once the force majeure event preventing or suspending payment is resolved. In addition  the Offeror reserves the right to withhold the payment of the Offer Price if payment is prevented or prohibited due to applicable sanctions laws or regulations and/or to rescind or terminate any acceptances if required by applicable sanctions laws or regulations. Unless the relevant acceptance is rescinded or terminated  the Offeror shall without delay effect the payment of the Offer Price once it is no longer prevented or prohibited due to applicable sanctions laws or regulations.If all the Conditions to Completion are not met and the Offeror does not waive such conditions or extend the Offer Period  the Tender Offer will expire  and no consideration will be paid for the tendered Shares.Transfer of TitleTitle to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted  and not validly withdrawn  will pass to the Offeror on the Settlement Date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder. In the event of a Subsequent Offer Period  title to the Shares in respect of which the Tender Offer has been validly accepted during a Subsequent Offer Period will pass to the Offeror on the relevant settlement date against the payment of the Offer Price by the Offeror to the tendering shareholder.Transfer Tax and Other PaymentsThe Offeror will pay any transfer tax that may be charged in Finland in connection with the sale of the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer.Fees charged by account operators  asset managers  nominees or any other person for the release of collateral or the revoking of any other restrictions preventing the sale of the Shares  will be borne by each relevant shareholder of Caverion. Each shareholder of Caverion is liable for any fees that relate to a withdrawal of an acceptance made by such shareholder.The Offeror is liable for any other customary costs caused by the registration of entries in the book-entry system required by the Tender Offer  the execution of trades pertaining to the Shares pursuant to the Tender Offer and the payment of the Offer Price.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a shareholder may be a taxable transaction for the respective shareholder under applicable tax laws  including those of the country of residency of the shareholder. Any tax liability arising to a shareholder from the receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer will be borne by such shareholder. Each shareholder is urged to consult with an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.Other MattersThe Tender Offer Document and the Tender Offer are governed by Finnish law. Any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Tender Offer will be settled by a court of competent jurisdiction in Finland.The Offeror reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 15 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. Should the FIN-FSA issue an order regarding an extension of the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to decide upon the withdrawal of the Tender Offer in accordance with Chapter 11  Section 12 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act.Should a competing public tender offer for the shares in the Company be announced by a third party or should the Bain Capital Offer be further improved  in each case prior to or during the Offer Period  the Offeror reserves the right to (i) if the Offer Period has commenced  extend the Offer Period  (ii) amend the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer  and (iii) decide before the expiration of the competing public tender offer or the Bain Capital Offer  to withdraw the Tender Offer or let the Tender Offer lapse.The Offeror may acquire  or enter into arrangements to acquire  Shares  or arrange ownership of Shares before  during and/or after the Offer Period (including any extension thereof and any Subsequent Offer Period) in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki or otherwise outside the Tender Offer  to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations.Other InformationDanske Bank acts as arranger in relation to the Tender Offer  which means that it performs certain administrative services relating to the Tender Offer. This does not mean that a person who accepts the Tender Offer (the ""Participant"") will be regarded as a customer of Danske Bank as a result of such acceptance. A Participant will be regarded as a customer only if Danske Bank has provided advice to the Participant or has otherwise contacted the Participant personally regarding the Tender Offer. If the Participant is not regarded as a customer  the investor protection rules under the Finnish Act on Investment Services (747/2012  as amended) will not apply to the acceptance. This means  among other things  that neither the so-called customer categorization nor the so-called appropriateness test will be performed with respect to the Tender Offer. Each Participant is therefore responsible for ensuring that it has sufficient experience and knowledge to understand the risks associated with the Tender Offer.Important Information regarding NID and LEIAccording to Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (MiFID II)  all investors must have a global identification code from 3 January 2018  in order to carry out a securities transaction. These requirements require legal entities to apply for registration of a Legal Entity Identifier (""LEI"") code  and natural persons need to state their NID (National ID or National Client Identifier) when accepting the Tender Offer. Each person's legal status determines whether a LEI code or NID number is required  and the book-entry account operator may be prevented from performing the transaction to any person if LEI or NID number is not provided. Legal persons who need to obtain a LEI code can contact the relevant authority or one of the suppliers available on the market. Those who intend to accept the Tender Offer are encouraged to apply for registration of a LEI code (legal persons) or to acquire their NID number (natural persons) well in advance  as this information is required in the acceptance at the time of submission.Information regarding Processing of Personal DataShareholders who accept the Tender Offer will submit personal data  such as name  address and social security number  to Danske Bank  which is the controller for the processing of such data. Personal data provided to Danske Bank will be processed in data systems to the extent required to administer the Tender Offer. Personal data obtained from sources other than the customer may also be processed. Personal data may also be processed in the data systems of companies with which Danske Bank cooperates and it may be disclosed to the Offeror to the extent necessary for administering the Tender Offer. Address details may be obtained by Danske Bank through an automatic procedure executed by Euroclear Finland. Additional information on processing of personal data by Danske Bank  including details on how to exercise data subjects' rights  may be found at www.danskebank.com.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/22099/3729077/a2efb76e8e4376c4.pdf Release - 7 March 2023 ENGSOURCE Crayfish BidCo Oy",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['VOLUNTARY PUBLIC CASH TENDER OFFER', 'CRAYFISH BIDCO', 'CAVERION CORPORATION', 'ALL', 'SHARES', '8 MARCH', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Finnish private limited liability company', 'voluntary public cash tender offer', 'Most Finnish account operators', 'other necessary regulatory approvals', 'financial statements release', 'Finnish language version', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Crayfish BidCo Oy', 'English language translation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'merger control clearance', 'U.S. residents', 'other similar transaction', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'The Tender Offer', 'The Offer Price', 'Danske Bank A/S', 'tender offer document', 'Triton Fund V', 'initial Offer Period', 'extended offer period', 'new share issue', 'Finnish time', 'other assets', 'stock split', 'Finland Branch', 'necessary information', 'other Shares', 'applicable laws', 'fourth quarter', 'possible extension', 'reverse split', 'euro basis', 'ninety (90) percent', 'voting rights', 'asset manager', 'United States', 'record date', 'acceptance period', 'completion trades', 'final result', 'related instructions', 'outstanding shares', 'customary conditions', ""shareholders' register"", 'Caverion Corporation', '7 March', 'HELSINKI', 'PRNewswire', '10 January', 'Offeror', 'entities', 'subsidiaries', '24 February', '8 March', '9:30 a', '17 May', 'accordance', 'terms', 'regulations', 'order', 'third', 'way', 'internet', 'triton-offer', '136,472,645 issued', 'number', 'reclassification', 'funds', 'respect', 'foregoing', 'settlements', 'expiry', '9 February', 'connection', 'Board', 'Directors', 'year', 'distribution', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'announcement', 'others', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'notice', 'email', 'brokers', '6:30', '4:00']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,prnewswire.com
19995,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Brad_Setser @Brad_Setser : can you separate Belgium-based Euroclear’s (custodian) holdings from Belgium’s holdings ?,nan,@Brad_Setser @Brad_Setser : can you separate Belgium-based Euroclear’s (custodian) holdings from Belgium’s holdings ?,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Belgium-based Euroclear', 'Brad_Setser', 'holdings', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', 'Brad_Setser', 'holdings']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
19996,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Top banking news this month: February 2023 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ddsol2RISd #regtech,nan,Top banking news this month: February 2023 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ddsol2RISd #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Top banking news', 'February', 'Fintech', 'Top banking news', 'February', 'Fintech']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
19997,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Brad_Setser @matthew_pines You mean Euroclear?,nan,@Brad_Setser @matthew_pines You mean Euroclear?,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Brad_Setser', 'Euroclear', 'Brad_Setser', 'Euroclear']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
19998,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@ccdfnigeria Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (… https://t.co/Jh9p0sshFF,nan,@ccdfnigeria Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (… https://t.co/Jh9p0sshFF,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'ccdfnigeria', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'ccdfnigeria', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
19999,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Brad_Setser Has USG examined the relationship between Euroclear &amp; CCDC?Seems like a mutually beneficial arrangem… https://t.co/XWxyDDzgw7,nan,@Brad_Setser Has USG examined the relationship between Euroclear &amp; CCDC?Seems like a mutually beneficial arrangem… https://t.co/XWxyDDzgw7,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['beneficial arrangem', 'USG', 'relationship', 'Euroclear', 'amp', 'CCDC', 'XWxyDDzgw7', 'beneficial arrangem', 'USG', 'relationship', 'Euroclear', 'amp', 'CCDC', 'XWxyDDzgw7']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20000,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Lawmakers question SBA's plan to open up 7(a) program to nonbanks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/InIlN3zEkW #regtech,nan,Lawmakers question SBA's plan to open up 7(a) program to nonbanks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/InIlN3zEkW #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['7(a) program', 'Lawmakers', 'SBA', 'plan', 'nonbanks', '7(a) program', 'Lawmakers', 'SBA', 'plan', 'nonbanks']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20001,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCLAYS-PLC-9583556/news/Barclays-Publication-of-Prospectus-Supplement-43182484/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Barclays : Publication of Prospectus Supplement,(marketscreener.com)   Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated March 1  2021   £1 500 000 000 9.250% Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities   Barclays PLC   We  Barclays PLC   are issuing £1 500 000 000 aggr…,"Barclays : Publication of Prospectus Supplement 03/07/2023 | 11:15am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated March 1  2021 £1 500 000 000 9.250% Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities Barclays PLC We  Barclays PLC (the ""Issuer"")  are issuing £1 500 000 000 aggregate principal amount of 9.250% Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (the ""Securities""). From (and including) the Issue Date (as defined herein) to (but excluding) March 15  2029 (such date and each fifth (5th) anniversary thereafter being a ""Reset Date"")  the interest rate on the Securities will be 9.250% per annum. From (and including) each Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date  the applicable per annum interest rate will be equal to the sum  as determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined herein)  of the applicable Mid-Market Swap Rate (as defined herein) on the relevant Reset Determination Date (as defined herein) and 5.639%  converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention as instructed by the Issuer (rounded to three decimal places  with 0.0005 rounded down). The interest rate following any Reset Date may be less than the initial interest rate and/or the interest rate that applies immediately prior to such Reset Date. Subject to the conditions described herein  interest  if any  will be payable quarterly in arrear on March 15  June 15  September 15 and December 15 of each year (each  an ""Interest Payment Date"")  commencing on June 15  2023. We will apply to the London Stock Exchange plc (the ""LSE"") for the Securities to be admitted to trading on the LSE's International Securities Market (the ""ISM""). The ISM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or U.K. MiFIR (each as defined herein). The ISM is a market designated for professional investors. Securities admitted to trading on the ISM are not admitted to the Official List of the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the ""FCA""). The LSE has not approved or verified the contents of either this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Neither this prospectus supplement nor the accompanying prospectus comprises (i) a prospectus or listing particulars for the purposes of Part VI of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the ""FSMA"") or (ii) a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom (""U.K."") by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ""Withdrawal Act""). As described in this prospectus supplement  the terms of the Securities provide that interest on the Securities will be due and payable only at the sole discretion of the Issuer  and the Issuer shall have sole and absolute discretion at all times and for any reason to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment that would otherwise be payable on any Interest Payment Date. As described herein  the terms of the Securities also provide for circumstances under which the Issuer shall be restricted from making an interest payment (in whole or in part) on the Securities on an Interest Payment Date  and the interest payable in respect of any such Interest Payment Date shall be deemed cancelled (in whole or in part) and therefore not due and payable. Interest will only be due and payable on an Interest Payment Date to the extent it is not cancelled or deemed cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Securities and as further described herein. Any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled (in each case  in whole or in part) in accordance with the terms of the Securities and as further described herein shall not be due and shall not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter  and holders of the Securities shall have no rights thereto or to receive any additional interest or compensation as a result of such cancellation or deemed cancellation. The Securities are perpetual and have no fixed maturity or fixed redemption date. As a result of the fact that the Securities are perpetual securities and that interest on the Securities will be due and payable only at our sole discretion and that we may cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment at any time  we are not required to make any payment of the principal amount of the Securities at any time prior to our winding-up or administration and you may not receive interest on any Interest Payment Date. The Securities will constitute our direct  unsecured and subordinated obligations  ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves  as described herein. The Securities will be in registered form in minimum denominations of £200 000 and in integral multiples of £1 000 in excess thereof. As described herein  we may  at our option  redeem the Securities  in whole but not in part  on (i) any day falling in the period commencing on (and including) September 15  2028 and ending on (and including) the first Reset Date or (ii) any day falling in the period commencing on (and including) the date that is six months before any subsequent Reset Date and ending on (and including) such Reset Date at 100% of their principal amount  together with any accrued but unpaid interest (which excludes any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled as described herein) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. As described herein  we may also  at our option  redeem the Securities  in whole but not in part  at any time in the event of a change in certain U.K. regulatory capital requirements or upon the occurrence of certain tax events as described herein at 100% of their principal amount  together with any accrued but unpaid interest (which excludes any interest cancelled or deemed cancelled as described herein) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. If a Capital Adequacy Trigger Event (as defined herein) occurs  then an Automatic Conversion (as defined herein) will occur on the Conversion Date (as defined herein)  at which point all of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities (other than certain Issuer obligations in connection with the Conversion Shares Offer (as defined herein)  if any  which are referred to herein as the CSO Obligations) shall be irrevocably and automatically released in consideration of the Issuer's issuance of the Conversion Shares (as defined herein) to the Conversion Shares Depository (as defined herein) (or other relevant recipient as described herein)  and under no circumstances shall such released obligations be reinstated. The Conversion Shares shall initially be registered in the name of the Conversion Shares Depository (which shall hold the Conversion Shares on behalf of the holders of the Securities) or the relevant recipient in accordance with the terms of Securities. As more fully described herein  the Issuer may elect  in its sole and absolute discretion  that a Conversion Shares Offer be made by the Conversion Shares Depository to all or some of the then existing shareholders of the Issuer. The realizable value of any Conversion Shares received by a holder of the Securities following an Automatic Conversion may be significantly less than the Conversion Price (as defined herein) of £1.65 initially and holders of the Securities could lose all or part of their investment in the Securities as a result of the Automatic Conversion. Following an Automatic Conversion  the Securities shall remain in existence until the applicable Cancellation Date (as defined herein) for the sole purpose of evidencing (a) the holder's right to receive Conversion Shares or Conversion Shares Offer Consideration (as defined herein)  as applicable  from the Conversion Shares Depository and (b) the Issuer's CSO Obligations  if any. All obligations of the Issuer under the Securities (except for the CSO Obligations  if any) shall be irrevocably and automatically released in consideration of the Issuer's issuance of the Conversion Shares to the Conversion Shares Depository (or other relevant recipient as described herein) on the Conversion Date. IMPORTANT-PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS. The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. IMPORTANT-U.K. PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO U.K. RETAIL INVESTORS. The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the U.K. For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the U.K. by virtue of the Withdrawal Act; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the U.K. by virtue of the Withdrawal Act (""U.K. MiFIR""). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the U.K. by virtue of the Withdrawal Act (the ""U.K. PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the U.K. has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the U.K. may be unlawful under the U.K. PRIIPs Regulation. In addition to the above  pursuant to the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority Conduct of Business Sourcebook (""COBS"") the Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to retail clients (as defined in COBS 3.4) in the U.K. U.K. MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET-Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is only eligible counterparties  as defined in COBS  and professional clients  as defined in U.K. MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Securities (a ""Distributor"") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however  a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ""U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules"") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. Singapore SFA Product Classification-In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the ""SFA"") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the ""CMP Regulations 2018"")  the Issuer has determined  and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA)  that the Securities are ""prescribed capital markets products"" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16 Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). The Issuer is not a bank nor an authorized deposit-taking institution which is authorized under the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) of Australia (the ""Australian Banking Act"") nor is it authorized to carry on banking business under the Australian Banking Act. The Securities are not obligations of any government and  in particular  are not guaranteed by the Commonwealth of Australia. The Issuer is not supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. Securities that are offered for issue or sale or transferred in  or into  Australia are offered only in circumstances that would not require disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia and issued and transferred in compliance with the terms of the exemption from compliance with section 66 of the Australian Banking Act that is available to the Issuer. Such Securities are issued or transferred in  or into  Australia in parcels of not less than A$500 000 in aggregate principal amount. An investment in any Securities issued by the Issuer will not be covered by the depositor protection provisions in section 13A of the Australian Banking Act and will not be covered by the Australian government's bank deposit guarantee (also commonly referred to as the Financial Claims Scheme) under the Australian Banking Act. Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Securities or any other agreements  arrangements  or understandings between us and any holder or beneficial owner of the Securities (or the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Securities)  by acquiring the Securities  each holder and beneficial owner of the Securities acknowledges  accepts  agrees to be bound by  and consents to the exercise of  any U.K. Bail-in Power (as defined in the accompanying prospectus) by the Relevant U.K. Resolution Authority (as defined in the accompanying prospectus) that may result in (i) the reduction or cancellation of all  or a portion  of the principal amount of  or interest on  the Securities; (ii) the conversion of all  or a portion of  the principal amount of  or interest on  the Securities into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to  or conferral on  the holder or beneficial owner of the Securities  of such shares  securities or obligations); (iii) the cancellation of the Securities; and/or the amendment or alteration of the maturity  if any  of the Securities  or the amendment of the amount of interest due on the Securities  or the dates on which interest becomes payable  including by suspending payment for a temporary period; which U.K. Bail-in Power may be exercised by means of a variation of the terms of the Securities solely to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant U.K. Resolution Authority of such U.K. Bail-in Power. For more information  see "" Description of Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of U.K. Bail-in Power "" below and the section entitled "" Description of Contingent Capital Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of U.K. Bail-in Power "" in the accompanying prospectus. By its acquisition of the Securities  each holder and beneficial owner of the Securities acknowledges  accepts  consents and agrees to be bound by and consents to the determinations made by the Issuer  the Independent Adviser  the Trustee  the Principal Paying Agent  the Calculation Agent or other relevant entities  as applicable  to determine the Subsequent Interest Rate in the event the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred or that there is a Successor Rate  including as may occur without any prior notice from the Issuer and without the need for the Issuer to obtain any further consent from holders and beneficial owners of the Securities to implement consequential amendments to the Indenture and other agreements or documents relating to the Securities. For more information  see the sections entitled ""Description of Contingent Capital Securities-Determination of Subsequent Interest Rate"" and ""Description of Contingent Capital Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Determination of the Subsequent Interest Rate."" By its acquisition of the Securities  each holder and beneficial owner of the Securities  to the extent permitted by the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939  as amended (the ""Trust Indenture Act"")  also waives any and all claims against The Bank of New York Mellon  London Branch  as trustee (the ""Trustee"") for  agrees not to initiate a suit against the Trustee in respect of  and agrees that the Trustee shall not be liable for  any action that the Trustee takes  or abstains from taking  in either case in accordance with the exercise of the U.K. Bail-inPower by the Relevant U.K. Resolution Authority with respect to the Securities. For more information  see ""Description of Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of U.K. Bail-in Power"" below and the section entitled ""Description of Contingent Capital Securities-Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of U.K. Bail-in Power"" in the accompanying prospectus. Investing in the Securities involves risks. We encourage you to read and carefully consider this document in its entirety  in particular the risk factors beginning on page S-25 of this prospectus supplement and the other information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus  for a discussion of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in the Securities. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Securities or determined that this prospectus supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The Securities are not deposit liabilities of Barclays PLC and are not covered by the U.K. Financial Services Compensation Scheme or insured by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency of the United States  the U.K.  Canada or any other jurisdiction. Proceeds  before Underwriting expenses  to Price to Public(1) Compensation Barclays PLC Per Security 100.000% 1.000% 99.000% Total £1 500 000 000 £15 000 000 £1 485 000 000 Note: (1) Plus accrued interest  if any  from and including March 6  2023. The Securities will be issued in registered form. The Securities will be represented by one global certificate that will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream  Luxembourg (each as defined herein)  and registered in the name of such common depositary or its nominee. Holders of the Securities will hold beneficial interests in the Securities through Clearstream  Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and their respective direct and indirect participants and such direct and indirect participants will record such beneficial interest on their books. The underwriters expect to deliver the Securities to purchasers in book-entry form only through the facilities of Clearstream  Luxembourg  and/or Euroclear  on or about March 6  2023. By its acquisition of the Securities  each holder and beneficial owner of the Securities shall also be deemed to have (i) acknowledged and agreed that an interest payment shall not be due and payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date if it has been cancelled or deemed cancelled (in each case  in whole or in part) for any reason in accordance with the terms of the Securities  (ii) consented to (x) the Automatic Conversion  including the appointment of a Conversion Shares Depository and the issuance of the Conversion Shares thereto (or any related Conversion Shares Offer Consideration  including the appointment of any Conversion Shares Offer Agent (as defined herein) and the sale of the Conversion Shares by the Conversion Shares Depository)  and acknowledged that such Automatic Conversion of its Securities (and any related Conversion Shares Offer) may occur without any further action on the part of such holder or beneficial owner or the Trustee and (y) the exercise of any U.K. Bail-in Power as it may be imposed without any prior notice by the Relevant U.K. Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to the Securities and (iii) authorized  directed and requested Clearstream  Luxembourg and/or Euroclear  their respective direct participants or any other intermediary through which they hold such Securities to take any and all necessary action  if required  to implement (x) the Automatic Conversion (including any related Conversion Shares Offer) and (y) the exercise of any U.K. Bail-in Power with respect to the Securities as it may be imposed  without any further action or direction on the part of such holder or beneficial owner or the Trustee. Sole Structuring Adviser and Sole Bookrunner Barclays Joint Lead Managers BBVA BNP PARIBAS Citigroup Commerzbank J.P. Morgan Lloyds Bank Corporate Mizuho Nordea Markets Socie´te Ge´ne´rale TD Securities UBS Investment Bank UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking Senior Co-Managers ANZ BMO Capital Markets CaixaBank CIBC Capital Markets Danske Markets DZ Financial Markets LLC MUFG Rabobank Raiffeisen Bank International Santander Swedbank Prospectus Supplement dated February 27  2023 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT Prohibition on marketing and sales to retail investors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Forward-Looking Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Incorporation of Documents by Reference . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Certain Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Summary of Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Currency Conversion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Use Of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities . . . Tax Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Benefit Plan Investor Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Trading in Ordinary Shares by the Issuer and its Affiliates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Validity of Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . PROSPECTUS Forward-Looking Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Certain Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The Barclays Group . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Use of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Debt Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Contingent Capital Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Ordinary Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Description of Certain Provisions Relating to Debt Securities and Contingent Capital Securities . . . Clearance and Settlement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Tax Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Employee Retirement Income Security Act . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Plan of Distribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Service of Process and Enforcement of Liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Where You Can Find More Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Further Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Validity of Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Experts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Expenses of Issuance and Distribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Page Number S-1 S-3 S-4 S-5 S-8 S-23 S-25 S-54 S-55 S-56 S-90 S-96 S-98 S-104 S-105 1 2 3 5 6 7 26 47 49 52 58 79 81 86 87 88 89 90 91 Suitability of Investment in the Securities The Securities discussed in this prospectus supplement are high risk and complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors as a way to enhance yield with an understood  measured  appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular  each potential investor should: have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities  the merits and risk of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus; have access to  and knowledge of  appropriate analytical tools to evaluate  in the context of its particular financial situation  an investment in the Securities and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities  such as the provisions governing an Automatic Conversion (including  in particular  the circumstances under which a Capital Adequacy Trigger Event may occur) and the situations in which interest payments may be cancelled or deemed cancelled and be familiar with the resolution regime applicable to the Group  including the possibility that the Securities may become subject to write-down or conversion if the resolution powers are exercised; be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic  interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and understand the accounting  legal  regulatory and tax implications of a purchase  and the holding and disposal of an investment in the Securities. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations  or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (i) the Securities are legal investments for it; (ii) the Securities can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Prior to making an investment decision  potential investors should consider carefully  in light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives  all the information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Barclays plc published this content on 07 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 07 March 2023 16:14:02 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about BARCLAYS PLC 01:26p Alfa Financial chair and CEO to sell GBP23 million worth of shares AN 09:51a Factbox-Fed rate watch: Powell fuels bets of longer hike cycle  h.. RE 08:31a India's Adani repays $500 million bridge loan - Bloomberg News RE 07:28a Barclays cuts 2023 oil price forecasts on resilient Russian output RE 07:16a Federal Reserve Warms to Half-Point Rate Rise; No Rate Move Expected Today by Bank of C.. DJ 06:14a Blackstone and Thomson Reuters sell GBP2 billion LSEG stake AN 03:32a SoftBank's Arm Eyes $8 Billion from US IPO This Year MT 12:17a EMEA Morning Briefing: Tightening Fears to Weigh on Shares DJ 03/07 INDIA BONDS-India bond yields jump as bets of larger Fed rate hike rise RE 03/07 DIARY-Top Economic Events to April 28 RE Analyst Recommendations on BARCLAYS PLC 03/06 BARCLAYS : UBS maintains a Buy rating MD 03/06 DB cuts Reckitt; Jefferies likes Tesco AN 03/01 Canaccord says sell Future; Investec likes RWS AN",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['Prospectus Supplement', 'Barclays', 'Publication', '9.250% Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities', 'Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities Barclays PLC', 'U.K. Financial Conduct Authority', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'applicable Mid-Market Swap Rate', 'relevant Reset Determination Date', 'U.K. MiFIR', 'multiple email addresses', 'fifth (5th) anniversary', 'three decimal places', 'initial interest rate', '0,000,000 aggregate principal amount', 'subordinated obligations', 'perpetual securities', 'International Securities Market', 'Interest Payment Date', 'Financial Services', 'fixed maturity', 'quarterly rate', 'Reset Date', 'Issue Date', 'redemption date', 'Calculation Agent', 'market convention', 'regulated market', 'MiFID II', 'professional investors', 'Official List', 'domestic law', 'United Kingdom', 'European Union', 'absolute discretion', 'direct, unsecured', 'minimum denominations', 'integral multiples', 'additional interest', 'The Securities', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Markets Act', 'sole discretion', 'First name', 'The ISM', 'The LSE', 'Withdrawal Act', 'Part VI', 'Publication', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'March', 'Issuer', 'next', 'annum', 'sum', 'conditions', 'arrear', 'June', 'September', 'December', 'year', 'purposes', 'FCA', 'contents', 'particulars', 'FSMA', 'Regulation', 'virtue', 'terms', 'times', 'reason', 'circumstances', 'respect', 'extent', 'accordance', 'case', 'holders', 'rights', 'compensation', 'result', 'cancellation', 'fact', 'winding-up', 'administration', 'pari', 'preference', 'form', 'excess', 'option', 'day', 'period']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20002,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Check out this great 5 ⭐️ #review for the ClearStream Eclipse amplified and then try one for yourself!Interested… https://t.co/1M0W1uqmST,nan,Check out this great 5 ⭐️ #review for the ClearStream Eclipse amplified and then try one for yourself!Interested… https://t.co/1M0W1uqmST,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse', 'great 5', 'ClearStream Eclipse', 'great 5']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20003,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@setl_io @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @swiftcommunity $link,nan,@setl_io @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @swiftcommunity $link,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NorthernTrust', 'NorthernTrust']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20004,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SWISSQUOTE-GROUP-HOLDING-71211/news/Swissquote-is-a-must-have-Swissquote-Group-Holding-43175969/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Swissquote is a must-have (Swissquote Group Holding),(marketscreener.com) .textileContent { text-align:justify; }.textileContent img { max-width:100%; }.textileContent table { border-spacing: 0; border-collapse: collapse; margin-bottom: 1em; text-align:left; }.textileContent table td  .textileContent table …,"Our Target Price increases materially on the back of our NAV adjustment (see explanation below) and the reshuffling of our panel of peers. Initially using peers such as LSE  Deutsche Boerse and Julius Baer to capture the firm's exposure to financial markets  we now use much more similar peers as the sector matures. The panel of peers is now composed of Avanza  Nordnet  flatexDEGIRO  Smartbroker Holding AG and sino AG. We have applied modest discounts to the high multiples of this new universe.Our Net asset value has been significantly increased on the back of a change in valuation methodology. As depicted in our paper ""Swissquote's hidden value""  we have valued the firm stripping out the crypto business. We estimate an EBITDA of c.277.7m in 2023  excluding crytpo  to which we apply an 11x multiple and an EBITDA of c.3m for FY 23-25 on the crypto business to which we apply a 3x multiple (given the high unpredictability of the asset class and the questions concerning its underlying sustainability).",positive,0.65,0.35,0.0,negative,0.2,0.29,0.52,True,English,"['Swissquote Group Holding', 'Smartbroker Holding AG', 'Net asset value', 'sino AG', 'hidden value', 'asset class', 'Target Price', 'NAV adjustment', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Julius Baer', 'financial markets', 'modest discounts', 'high multiples', 'new universe', 'crypto business', '11x multiple', 'high unpredictability', 'underlying sustainability', 'similar peers', 'back', 'explanation', 'reshuffling', 'panel', 'LSE', 'firm', 'exposure', 'sector', 'Avanza', 'Nordnet', 'flatexDEGIRO', 'change', 'methodology', 'paper', 'Swissquote', 'EBITDA', 'crytpo', 'FY', '3x', 'questions']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20005,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ekinops-record-results-fy-2022-170000367.html,Ekinops record results FY 2022: EBITDA margin of 17.7% and net income up +133%,EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  is publishing its...,"PARIS  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  is publishing its financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  as approved by the Board of Directors on March 6  2023. The statutory auditors have finished auditing procedures and the certification report will be issued shortly.Ekinops Logo€m - IFRS 20211 2022 Change Revenue 103.6 127.6 +23 % Gross margin 56.5 67.6 +20 % % of revenue 54.5 % 53.0 %Operating expenses 53.1 58.4 +10 % EBITDA2 17.6 22.6 +29 % % of revenue 16.9 % 17.7 %Current operating income 3.4 9.3 +172 % Operating income 3.4 8.8 +160 % Consolidated net income 5.2 12.0 +133 % % of revenue 5.0 % 9.4 %1 The Group finalized the purchase price allocation for SixSq in the second half of the 2022 fiscal year. The 2021 column includes this impact (recognition of badwill of €0.4 million in ""Other operating income and expenses"").2 EBITDA (Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization) corresponds to current operating income restated for(i) amortization  depreciation and provisions and (ii) income and expenses linked to share-based payments (see appendices).Acceleration of growth dynamic in 2022: +23% growth in revenueIn 2022  Ekinops generated consolidated revenue of €127.6 million  up +23% from FY 2021 at constant scope (up +19% at constant exchange rates).2022 was marked by an acceleration of growth momentum  which rose from +12% in 2021 to +23% in 2022  despite persistent supply difficulties for certain electronic components which only now are starting to subside.This sustained growth was the result of strong demand for all the group's business lines: +29% for Optical Transport solutions and +20% for Access solutions. The revenue generated by Software and Services continued to grow  increasing by more than +38%  representing 15% of the group's revenue in 2022.Story continuesIn geographic terms  the financial year was marked by ongoing dynamic growth internationally  with +56% growth in North America (+39% in USD) and +38% growth in Asia-Pacific. In France  sales grew by +36% and were sharply up with the group's historic customers.+29% growth in EBITDA1  record annual EBITDA1 margin of 17.7%Despite the global component crisis  the gross margin was up +20% in 2022 to €67.6 million.In a severely disrupted market environment  the gross margin was 53.0%  within the long-term target range (52% - 56%)  as a result of sound management of the supply chain and of by passing on a proportion of pricing tensions through sale prices.EBITDA[1] was €22.6 million  up sharply by +29%. The rise in operating expenses was limited in 2022 (+10%)  while necessary investments in the group's development and growth continued (recruitment  acquisition of R&D equipment  resumption of attendance of trade fairs and international travel).The EBITDA1 margin reached record levels in 2022  and for the first time exceeded 17% over a full fiscal year  at 17.7% (vs. 16.9% in 2021 and 15.9% in 2020). It ended up at the high end of the 14%-18% range targeted for FY 2022.Adjusted EBIT2 margin of 12.2%After net depreciation  amortization and provisions (€11.1 million including €6.3 million in amortization related to technologies after purchase price allocation) and expenses relating to share-based payments (€2.3 million)  current operating income rose to €9.3 million in 2022  up 172% year-on-year. The current operating margin was 7.2%  compared with 3.3% a year earlier.Excluding amortization related to the intangible assets identified post purchase price allocation  adjusted EBIT[2] was 12.2%.After factoring in other operating income and expenses (€0.5 million)  operating income was up +160% to €8.8 million.After accounting for €1.2 million in financial income from foreign exchange gains and the recognition of a positive tax result of €2.0 million from the use of tax loss carryforwards[3]  net income rose +133% in 2022 to €12.0 million.Net margin also reached a record level of 9.4% (vs. 5.0% in 2021 and 3.4% in 2020).Earnings per share (EPS) more than doubled in 2022 to reach €0.45 per share  compared with €0.20 per share in the previous year (on fully diluted basis).Net cash[4] of €20.5 million at December 31  2022Ekinops' strong operating performance in 2022 led to a +39% increase in cash flow to €23.6 million before working capital needs.As a result of an increase in working capital (+€13.6 million) due to (i) active anticipated purchasing of components to address supply shortages (+€6.0 million of inventory at end-2022 compared with 2021)and (ii) end of quarter high business activity (a +€5.5 million net increase in trade receivables)  operating cash flow over the year was €9.4 million (compared with €12.5 million in 2021).Cash flow from investments was -€7.4 million  including -€4.1 million of capitalized R&D expenditure. Free cash flow in 2022 was +€2.0 million.Cash flow from financing activities (-€8.2 million) reflected the significant deleveraging carried out by the group in 2022  with the repayment of €6.9 million of bank loans (including decrease in R&D tax credit financing).In total  cash and cash equivalents reduced by €6.0 million (-€4.2 million in 2021).Cash and cash equivalents stood at €39.4 million at the end of 2022  with financial borrowings[5] reduced to €18.9 million (€23.8 million at the end of 2021 and €31.6 million at the end of 2020). Net cash4 position remained solid at €20.5 million at December 31  2022 (vs. €21.6 million a year earlier).ASSETS - €mIFRS 12/3120211 12/31 2022EQUITY & LIABILITIES - €mIFRS 12/3120211 12/31 2022 Non-current assets 75.8 79.8Shareholders' equity 99.1 113.6 o/w goodwill 28.4 28.5Financial liabilities 23.8 18.9 o/w intangible assets 24.8 21.1o/w bank loans 19.3 14.5 o/w right-of-use assets 4.6 6.8o/w factoring 4.5 4.4 Current assets 49.7 63.5R&D tax credit pre-financing 4.8 2.6 o/w inventories 19.0 25.0Trade payables 16.2 17.7 o/w trade receivables 24.2 29.9Lease liabilities 4.7 6.9 Cash & cash equivalents 45.4 39.4Other liabilities 22.3 23.0 TOTAL 170.9 182.7TOTAL 170.9 182.71 The Group finalized the purchase price allocation for SixSq in the second half of the 2022 fiscal year. Its impact is reflected in the 12/31/2021 columns.2023 and beyond: the strategic initiatives to drive Ekinops onwards and aim ""Bigger""2022 demonstrated the Group's ability to increase its market share with its differentiated offerings in various business segments and meet its customers' needs and tight deadlines.As a result  Ekinops has set itself bold growth ambitions for coming years  structured around 4 strategic priorities entitled ""Bigger"":""Bigger"" in terms of external growth : as it operates in a global market dominated by large multinationals  Ekinops is looking to accelerate its growth through acquisitions with a view to scaling up its R&D firepower  increasing its customer base and continuing on its sharp growth trajectory. One of the Group's objectives in 2023 is to complete at least one transaction during the year favoring a non-dilutive source of financing.""Bigger"" in terms of customer portfolio: One of Ekinops' growth priorities is its positioning with major international customers  to provide support in their strategic network and technological developments. This ambition will result in increased sales with existing key accounts and the acquisition of new major customers.Over time  Ekinops aims to be a reference brand in the telecom universe  working with the largest telecom operators worldwide.""Bigger"" in technological terms in Edge  Metro and the Cloud: in recent years  Ekinops has chosen to provide innovative  open and interoperable solutions for telecommunication networks. Transformation of the telecommunication market in recent years requires this type of technology  with:I. increasing levels of data processing at the edge of the network (Edge)  such as routing  voice  SD-WAN  etc.;II. a growing need for optimized optical transport solutions for metro networks (combining OTN and WDM);III. cloud solutions and platforms to manage and supervise networks and deliver new services such as PaaS (Platform as a Service).As a pioneer in virtualization  which can be used to uncouple software and platforms  and as a result of its commercial success in this technological segment  Ekinops intends  over the coming years  to become a major player in these three areas by supplying service providers with equipment and  increasingly  software and services that are regular and recurring sources of revenue.""Bigger"" in terms of ESG (Environmental  Social & Governance): To address the challenges of long-term value creation and in order to generate sustainable growth  Ekinops is intending to strengthen and accelerate its ESG actions that are focused on three key initiatives: (i) limiting the environmental impact of its business activities through energy efficient solutions ; (ii) becoming a leading and engaged employer to ESG  and (iii) acting as a responsible corporate citizen with its stakeholders. These commitments take the form of precise concrete objectives applicable to all aspects of the Group's business activities.2023 financial targetsAs a result of high levels of demand at the beginning of 2023  Ekinops has set itself the following targets for the current fiscal year:revenue growth of more than +12%;EBITDA margin between 15% and 19%  including human and technological investments to support its growth.More information on Ekinops website: https://www.ekinops.com/news/corporateAll press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr[1] EBITDA (Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) corresponds to current operating profit restated for (i) amortization  depreciation and provisions  and (ii) income and expenses relating to share-based payments (see appendices).[2] Adjusted EBIT corresponds to current operating income adjusted for amortization charges related to intangible assets identified post purchase price allocation  i.e. developed technologies and customer relation.[3] As of December 31  2022  the potential tax savings from unrecognized tax loss carryforwards was €13.4 million.[4] Net cash = cash and cash equivalents – borrowings (excluding bank debt relating to R&D tax credit (CIR) pre-financing and IFRS 16 lease liabilities).[5] Financial debt excluding bank debt relating to R&D tax credit pre-financing and IFRS 16 lease liabilities.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/Ekinops_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-record-results-fy-2022-ebitda-margin-of-17-7-and-net-income-up-133-301764763.htmlSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.24,0.57,True,English,"['Ekinops record results', 'EBITDA margin', 'net income', 'capitalized R&D expenditure', 'quarter high business activity', '+€5.5 million net increase', 'record annual EBITDA1 margin', 'R&D equipment', 'purchase price allocation', 'global component crisis', 'foreign exchange gains', 'tax loss carryforwards', 'active anticipated purchasing', 'constant exchange rates', 'persistent supply difficulties', 'Optical Transport solutions', 'strong operating performance', 'Current operating income', 'Other operating income', 'current operating margin', 'long-term target range', 'working capital needs', 'Free cash flow', 'positive tax result', 'Consolidated net income', 'operating cash flow', 'full fiscal year', 'ongoing dynamic growth', 'business lines', 'Net margin', 'Net cash', 'record levels', 'constant scope', 'strong demand', 'financial income', 'Gross margin', 'EBIT2 margin', 'telecommunications solutions', 'Access solutions', 'supply chain', 'supply shortages', 'high end', '2022 fiscal year', 'growth dynamic', 'leading supplier', 'telecom operators', 'financial statements', 'statutory auditors', 'auditing procedures', 'certification report', 'Operating expenses', 'second half', 'share-based payments', 'geographic terms', 'North America', 'historic customers', 'market environment', 'sound management', 'pricing tensions', 'sale prices', 'trade fairs', 'international travel', 'first time', 'intangible assets', 'trade receivables', 'financing activities', 'net depreciation', 'consolidated revenue', 'financial year', 'previous year', 'growth momentum', 'sustained growth', 'Euronext Paris', 'electronic components', 'necessary investments', 'Ekinops Logo', 'Change Revenue', 'The Group', '14%-18% range', '+39% increase', '+23% growth', '+56% growth', '+38% growth', '+29% growth', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'enterprises', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'IFRS', 'EBITDA2', 'SixSq', '2021 column', 'impact', 'recognition', 'badwill', '2 EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'ii', 'appendices', 'Acceleration', 'FY', 'Software', 'Services', 'Story', 'USD', 'Asia-Pacific', 'France', 'sales', 'proportion', 'development', 'recruitment', 'acquisition', 'resumption', 'attendance', 'technologies', 'use', 'EPS', 'basis', 'inventory', 'significan', '5.0']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20006,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-confirms-revised-timing-effectiveness-153000419.html,VEON confirms revised timing for effectiveness of ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) program,Amsterdam  Netherlands  7 March 2023 16:30 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or the “Company”)  a global digital operator that...,VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  Netherlands  7 March 2023 16:30 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or the “Company”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today provides an update on the timing of the ratio change under the Company’s ADR program  previously announced on 6 February 2023 and originally planned to become effective on 6 March 2023 (the “Ratio Change”). As announced on 6 March 2023  the Company was informed late afternoon on Friday  3 March 2023 by BNY Mellon that the ratio change effectiveness had been postponed as The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”) was not prepared to make the new CUSIP reflecting the new ratio available on Monday  6 March 2023 as scheduled. DTCC has now confirmed the availability of the new CUSIP  and the effective date of the Ratio Change (the “Effective Date”) is now confirmed as 8 March 2023.As previously announced with respect to the Ratio Change  as of the Effective Date  record holders who directly hold ADRs will be required to exchange their existing ADRs for new ADRs on the basis of one (1) new ADR for every twenty-five (25) existing ADRs surrendered. The Depositary will contact ADR holders and arrange for the exchange of their existing ADRs for new ADRs. American Depositary Share (“ADS”) beneficial holders who hold through an ADR holder intermediary need not take any action in connection with the Ratio Change.For ADS holders  the Ratio Change will have the same effect as a one for twenty five reverse ADS split. No new VEON common shares will be issued in connection with the Ratio Change and the ADSs will continue to be traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “VEON.”As a result of the Ratio Change  the trading price of the Company’s ADSs is expected to automatically increase proportionally  but the Company can give no assurance that the ADS trading price following the Ratio Change will be at least equal to the ADS trading price before the Ratio Change multiplied by the new 25:1 ratio. As VEON announced previously on 5 October 2022  the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Market granted VEON an additional grace period through 3 April 2023 to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq’s Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Minimum Bid Price”). While the Ratio Change is intended to bring the bid price of the Company’s ADSs into compliance with the Minimum Bid Price  the Company can give no assurance that the Ratio Change will be effective in achieving this goal.Story continuesThe Company’s original announcement with respect to the ratio change can be found on the Company’s website at this address:https://www.veon.com/media/media-releases/2023/veon-announces-ratio-change-under-its-american-depositary-receipt-adr-program/About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Important NoticeElements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding the ADR ratio change. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws and except as set forth above  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.19,0.71,True,English,"['American Depositary Receipt', 'revised timing', 'ratio change', 'VEON', 'effectiveness', 'ADR', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'five reverse ADS split', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'new VEON common shares', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'global digital operator', 'additional grace period', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'The Depository Trust', 'ADR holder intermediary', 'American Depositary Share', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'The Nasdaq Market', 'ADS trading price', 'one (1) new ADR', 'twenty-five (25) existing ADRs', 'ratio change effectiveness', 'ADR ratio change', 'The Depositary', 'ADR holders', 'ADS holders', 'Listing Rule', 'new CUSIP', 'new ratio', 'new ADRs', 'new 25:1 ratio', 'ADR program', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'BNY Mellon', 'Clearing Corporation', 'record holders', 'beneficial holders', 'same effect', 'original announcement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'Nik Kershaw', 'The Company', 'inside information', 'Contact Information', 'effective date', 'VEON Ltd', 'unanticipated events', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Netherlands', 'March', 'CET', 'update', 'timing', '6 February', 'afternoon', 'Friday', 'DTCC', 'Monday', 'availability', 'respect', 'basis', 'action', 'connection', 'ADSs', 'symbol', 'result', 'assurance', '5 October', '3 April', 'compliance', 'goal', 'Story', 'website', 'address', 'media-releases', 'american-depositary-receipt', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'circumstances']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20007,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyxoah-participate-oppenheimer-33rd-annual-213000945.html,Nyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference,Nyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 7  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (...,NyxoahNyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare ConferenceMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 7  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference  which takes place March 13-15  2023  virtually.Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer  will deliver a corporate update on Tuesday  March 14  2023  at 11:20am ET. A webcast of the presentation will be available in the Events section of Nyxoah’s Investor Relations website. The Company will also be available for 1x1 meetings with institutional investors.Nyxoah’s Investor Presentation can be accessed on the Shareholder Information section of the Company’s Investor Relations page.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.Story continuesFor more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contact:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.3,0.33,True,English,"['Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Nyxoah', 'Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients', 'U.S. federal law', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'CE mark approval', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Investor Relations website', 'Investor Relations page', 'two successful IPOs', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', 'Shareholder Information section', 'OSA patients', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Events section', 'successful completion', 'Investor Presentation', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Olivier Taelman', 'corporate update', '1x1 meetings', 'institutional investors', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'The Company', 'David DeMartino', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', '10:30pm', '4:30pm', 'NYXH', 'development', 'place', 'Tuesday', '11:20am', 'webcast', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'FDA', 'Story', 'Caution', 'Contact', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20008,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/soitec-information-relating-total-number-170000330.html,SOITEC: INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL,In Bernin  on March 7  2023 INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL (Article L. 233-8 II of the French...,SOITECIn Bernin  on March 7  2023INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and article 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French financial markets authority (A.M.F))Corporate name and address of the company:SOITECParc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques 38190 Bernin (FRANCE)Statement date Total number of shares forming the share capital Total number of voting rights 2/28/2023 35 589 417 (1) Number of theoretical (gross) voting rights (2): 46 098 058 Number of exercisable (net) voting rights (3): 44 945 249(1) representing 35 589 417 ordinary shares of €2.00 par value each  listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013227113 and the mnemonic “SOI”.(2) The total number of theoretical voting rights (or “gross” voting rights) is used as the basis for calculating the crossing of shareholding thresholds. In accordance with article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares) and after taking into account the number of shares entitled to double voting rights.(3) The total number of exercisable voting rights (or “net” voting rights) is calculated after taking into account the number of shares entitled to double voting rights  and after deduction of the shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares).Soitec  a French joint-stock corporation with a share capital of Euros 71 178 834 - 384 711 909 R.C.S. Grenoble - APE code 2611 Z Headquarters’ address: Parc Technologique des Fontaines – Chemin des Franques – 38190 Bernin (France)Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['TOTAL NUMBER', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'SOITEC', 'INFORMATION', 'RIGHTS', 'SHARES', 'R.C.S. Grenoble', 'French financial markets authority', 'Parc Technologique des Fontaines', 'French joint-stock corporation', 'Chemin des Franques', 'A.M.F', 'French Commercial Code', 'gross) voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'gross” voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net” voting rights', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Z Headquarters’ address', 'exercisable voting rights', 'ISIN code', 'APE code', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'Corporate name', 'Statement date', 'Euronext Paris', 'shareholding thresholds', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'Article L.', '35,589,417 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'SOITEC', 'Bernin', 'March', 'INFORMATION', 'company', 'FRANCE', 'mnemonic', 'basis', 'crossing', 'accordance', 'example', 'account', 'deduction', 'Euros', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20009,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-073000348.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 28 February 2023 – 6 March 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  7 March 2023 In the period from 28 February 2023 until 6 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 19 392...,Van Lanschot Kempen NVAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  7 March 2023In the period from 28 February 2023 until 6 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 19 392 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.60 per share for a total amount of €535 226.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 62 710.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.4,0.6,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'February', '6 March', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '7 March', 'period', '28 February', '6 March', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'mediarelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20010,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cancellation-euro-shares-held-treasury-182400593.html,Cancellation of euro shares held in treasury,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”) a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 800 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to12 297 058 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 423 352 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 423 352 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company’s shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).”7 March 2023For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",negative,0.0,0.09,0.9,mixed,0.08,0.22,0.7,True,English,"['euro shares', 'Cancellation', 'treasury', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,297,058 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'financieel toezicht', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,423,352 shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'Wet', '7 March', 'Paris', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20011,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000757.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM LogoPursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 7 March 2023  delivered 360 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €94.92). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 145 732. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0002%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301764909.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.21,0.36,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '360 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '7 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20012,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cancellation-euros-shares-held-treasury-182000257.html,Cancellation of euros shares held in Treasury,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”) a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 800 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to12 297 058 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 423 352 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 423 352 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company’s shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).”7 March 2023For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,mixed,0.11,0.19,0.69,True,English,"['euros shares', 'Cancellation', 'Treasury', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,297,058 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'financieel toezicht', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,423,352 shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'Wet', '7 March', 'Paris', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20013,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dbv-technologies-announces-first-patient-213000335.html,DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years Old,Montrouge  France  March 7  2023 DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years ...,"DBV Technologies S.A.Montrouge  France  March 7  2023DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years OldFirst patient screened at Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma in Normal  IllinoisVITESSE is DBV’s Phase 3 clinical study evaluating the modified Viaskin Peanut patch in peanut-allergic children ages 4 – 7 yearsDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced that the first patient has been screened in the Company’s VITESSE ( V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial to E valuate S afety S implicity and E fficacy) Phase 3 clinical trial that will evaluate the modified Viaskin™ Peanut 250 μg patch (DBV712) in peanut-allergic children ages 4 through 7 years.Viaskin Peanut 250 μg is a novel treatment designed to re-educate the immune system by introducing microgram amounts of peanut allergen to the immune system through intact skin. The VITESSE trial will use the modified Viaskin Peanut 250 μg patch and enroll 600 subjects  randomized 2:1 active versus placebo. The study will involve approximately 80 trial sites across the United States  Canada  Australia  and Europe. The primary efficacy endpoint of the study is the percentage of treatment responders in the active versus placebo arms at Month 12. Secondary efficacy endpoints include changes in cumulative reactive dose (CRD)  eliciting dose (ED) and severity of allergic reaction at Month 12 food challenge.“I am pleased that the first trial participant has been screened in the VITESSE study ” said David Fleischer  MD  FAAAAI  FACAAI  Children’s Hospital Colorado and Global Principal Investigator for the VITESSE study  “These peanut-allergic children represent a cohort of patients that are eagerly awaiting potential treatment options. I am looking forward to leading the team of highly skilled VITESSE investigators and their staff as we generate these critical data that may one day potentially support a BLA submission for Viaskin Peanut.”Story continuesLast year  following productive exchanges with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  DBV finalized the VITESSE protocol and received the FDA’s support to advance the study. Previously  the FDA had requested changes to certain elements of the VITESSE protocol with the intent for the trial to support a future Biologics License Application (BLA).""The initiation of the VITESSE Phase 3 Study in peanut-allergic children ages 4 - 7 years represents a culmination of years of research and collaboration between DBV  FDA  patient groups  site investigators  trial centers  and  of course  the support and unwavering encouragement from food-allergic families ” said Pharis Mohideen  MD  Chief Medical Officer  DBV Technologies. “DBV is proud to see that patient screening has begun in Q1 2023. This important milestone reflects incredible work from the DBV team and swift action in beginning enrollment from Principal Investigators like Dr. Dareen Siri and others. We are grateful for the strong collaboration that will continue throughout the VITESSE study.”Principal Investigator  Dr. Dareen Siri  FAAAAI  FACAAI from Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma  in Normal and Springfield  Illinois was the first to conduct a screening visit for a potential new enrollee.""I am thrilled that our talented team of clinicians was the first to screen a patient for the VITESSE clinical study ” said Dareen Siri  MD  Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma  Normal  IL. “The initiation of patient enrollment in VITESSE reinforces our commitment to peanut-allergic children and their families and is an important step in generating the data needed to potentially advance Viaskin Peanut to market. I am grateful that peanut-allergic children have the opportunity to participate in a trial that may one day help other kids just like them living with peanut allergy. There is a lot of excitement around the VITESSE study  and I am proud our team will be an integral part of it.”DBV anticipates screening the last patient in 1H 2024 and announcing topline results in 1H 2025.About VITESSEThe VITESSE trial will enroll 600 subjects  randomized 2:1 active versus placebo. The study will involve approximately 80 trial sites across the United States  Canada  Australia and Europe. Dr. David Fleischer  Colorado Children’s Hospital  will act as the global study Principal Investigator.The primary efficacy endpoint is the percentage of treatment responders in the active versus placebo arms at Month 12. The primary efficacy analysis includes the success criterion of a lower bound of the confidence interval of the difference in responder rates between active and placebo groups being greater than or equal to 15%.A treatment responder is defined as either a subject with a baseline ED ≤30 mg who reaches an ED ≥300 mg of peanut protein at Month 12  or a subject with a baseline ED = 100 mg who reaches an ED ≥600 mg of peanut protein at Month 12. A double-blind  placebo-controlled food challenge (DBPCFC) will be administered at baseline and Month 12 to determine a subject’s ED at both timepoints.During the screening period  subjects will undergo an initial visit with assessment for eligibility according to peanut skin prick test (SPT) and serum peanut IgE. Those meeting these criteria will proceed to a DBPCFC to confirm their peanut allergy and establish an entry peanut ED. The entry DBPCFC will be 1 mg peanut protein  and will escalate up to a highest single dose of 100 mg peanut protein. Subjects who react with an ED at or below the dose of 100 mg peanut protein and meet all other inclusion and no exclusion criteria are considered eligible. At Month 12  a post-treatment DBPCFC will be performed  with a starting dose of 3 mg peanut protein  escalating to a highest dose of 1 000 mg peanut protein according to the following schedule: 3  10  30  100  300  600  1 000 mg. Secondary efficacy endpoints include changes in CRD  ED and severity of allergic reaction at Month 12 food challenge.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food-allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children and the potential benefits of EPIT™  DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans  timing and projections of VITESSE study milestones  and timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. All statements about VITESSE study milestones  enrollment and anticipated results contained herein are DBV’s best estimates and projections are based on performance of previous studies and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance and achievements with respect to the VITESSE study to differ materially from the estimates and projections contained herein. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties and may be impacted by market conditions as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,True,English,"['VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'DBV Technologies', 'First Patient', 'Peanut-Allergic Children', 'Years', 'V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial', 'future Biologics License Application', 'Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma', 'S afety S implicity', 'double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenge', 'Viaskin™ Peanut 250 μg patch', 'Viaskin Peanut 250 μg patch', 'DBV Technologies S.A.', 'global study Principal Investigator', 'VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'U.S. Food', 'Viaskin Peanut patch', 'Global Principal Investigator', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'Secondary efficacy endpoints', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'potential new enrollee', 'primary efficacy analysis', 'Phase 3 clinical study', 'Dr. Dareen Siri', 'potential treatment options', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'cumulative reactive dose', 'Dr. David Fleischer', 'first trial participant', 'The VITESSE trial', 'VITESSE Phase 3 Study', 'VITESSE clinical study', 'skilled VITESSE investigators', 'peanut allergy', '12 food challenge', 'peanut allergen', 'peanut protein', 'Principal Investigators', '80 trial sites', 'trial centers', 'VITESSE study', 'novel treatment', 'treatment responders', 'VITESSE protocol', 'First Patient', 'E fficacy', 'immune system', 'microgram amounts', 'intact skin', 'United States', 'allergic reaction', 'productive exchanges', 'Drug Administration', 'unwavering encouragement', 'Pharis Mohideen', 'important milestone', 'incredible work', 'beginning enrollment', 'screening visit', 'important step', 'other kids', 'integral part', 'topline results', 'success criterion', 'lower bound', 'confidence interval', 'responder rates', 'Peanut-Allergic Children', 'patient groups', 'patient screening', 'patient enrollment', 'last patient', 'placebo arms', 'placebo groups', 'Nasdaq Market', 'critical data', 'BLA submission', 'food-allergic families', 'strong collaboration', 'talented team', 'baseline ED', 'Colorado Children', 'active versus', 'DBV team', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'March', 'Years', 'Normal', 'Illinois', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', '600 subjects', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Europe', 'percentage', 'CRD', 'severity', 'MD', 'FAAAAI', 'FACAAI', 'Hospital', 'cohort', 'patients', 'staff', 'Story', 'FDA', 'support', 'elements', 'intent', 'initiation', 'culmination', 'research', 'course', 'Q1', 'others', 'Springfield', 'clinicians', 'commitment', 'opportunity', 'lot', 'excitement', '1H', 'difference', '≤30 mg', '≥300 mg', '100 mg', '≥600 mg', 'DBPCFC']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20014,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000016.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3611 £ 24.1284 Estimated MTD return 0.34 % 0.37 % Estimated YTD return -1.47 % -1.22 % Estimated ITD return 173.61 % 141.28 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.86 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.25 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 240.2425 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.8066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20015,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/origis-energy-announces-750-million-133000297.html,Origis Energy Announces $750 Million Credit Facility for Solar and Energy Storage Development Pipeline in the U.S.,Origis doubles 2022 $375 million development finance facility  building on long term partnerships and strengthening syndication with new lenders. Led by CIT ...,Origis doubles 2022 $375 million development finance facility  building on long term partnerships and strengthening syndication with new lenders. Led by CIT  participants include Deutsche Bank  HSBC  KeyBank  Natixis  Nomura  Rabobank  Santander  SMBC  Société Générale and Truist.Origis Energy Announces $750 Million Credit Facility for Solar and Energy Storage Development Pipeline in the U.S.Origis Energy doubles 2022 $375 million development finance facility  building on long term partnerships and strengthening syndication with new lenders. Led by CIT  participants include Deutsche Bank  HSBC  KeyBank  Natixis  Nomura  Rabobank  Santander  SMBC  Société Générale and Truist.MIAMI  Fla.  March 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Origis Energy  one of America’s leading renewable energy platforms  today announced the close of an upsizing amendment to their development finance facility doubling capacity to $750 million. With enhanced flexibility and increased capacity  the credit facility will support further expansion of its solar and energy storage project pipeline. This financing round follows a $375 million facility announced in May 2022.The facility is widely regarded as the largest announced this year for a utility scale solar and storage development project pipeline. CIT  a division of First Citizens Bank  was the lead arranger. Leading lenders supporting the amendment and increasing their commitments included Santander  Deutsche Bank  HSBC  Rabobank  and Nomura. New entrants joining the syndicate include Truist Securities  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp. (SMBC)  KeyBank  Natixis and Société Générale.“The recent passing of the Inflation Reduction Act invoking incentive stability  market demand for high quality clean energy generation and the strong Origis track record drove high interest in this financing round ” said Jamie Edwards  Managing Director  Finance & Accounting  Origis Energy. “The offering upsizes our 2022 facility by double  and was also oversubscribed. We thank CIT for their structuring creativity  Antin Infrastructure Partners for strong sponsor backing and the instititutions demonstrating their confidence in Origis. On behalf of the Origis team  and the customers who look to us to help deliver on their clean energy goals  we thank our existing financial partners and welcome the new members.”Story continuesMike Lorusso  Managing Director and Group Head for CIT’s Power and Energy  unit said: “Proven teams with high quality projects are moving the clean energy transition forward. The Origis team is working to solve tomorrow’s challenges with solutions today and we are proud to continue to support their growth.”Origis Energy is majority owned by funds managed by Antin Infrastructure Partners.Latham and Watkins represented Origis Energy in the transaction. Norton Rose Fulbright acted as lender counsel.About Origis EnergyOrigis Energy is bringing clean and cost effective solar  energy storage and clean hydrogen solutions within reach for utility  commercial and industrial as well as public sector clients. The Origis team has worked to ensure the interests of all stakeholders are upheld in 170 projects worldwide totaling more than 5 GW to date of developed solar  energy storage and clean hydrogen capacity. Headquartered in Miami  FL  Origis Energy delivers excellence in solar  energy storage and clean hydrogen development  financing  engineering  procurement  and construction (EPC) and operations  maintenance and asset management for investors and clean energy consumers in the U.S. More information at www.OrigisEnergy.com.About First Citizens BankFirst Citizens Bank helps personal  business  commercial and wealth clients build financial strength that lasts. Founded in 1898 and headquartered in Raleigh  N.C.  First Citizens is the largest family-controlled bank in the United States  providing a unique legacy of strength  stability and long-term thinking that has spanned generations. We offer an array of general banking services including a network of 500-plus branches in 22 states; commercial banking expertise delivering best-in-class lending  leasing and other financial services coast to coast; and a nationwide direct bank. Parent company First Citizens BancShares  Inc. (NASDAQ: FCNCA) is a top 20 U.S. financial institution with more than $100 billion in assets. Discover more at firstcitizens.com.About Antin Infrastructure PartnersAntin Infrastructure Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on infrastructure. With over €30 bn in assets under management across its Flagship  Mid Cap and NextGen investment strategies  Antin targets investments in the energy and environment  digital  transport and social infrastructure sectors. With a presence in Paris  London  New York  Singapore and Luxembourg  Antin employs over 200 professionals dedicated to growing  improving and transforming infrastructure businesses while delivering long-term value to portfolio companies and investors. Majority owned by its partners  Antin is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: ANTIN – ISIN: FR0014005AL0)AttachmentCONTACT: Glenna Wiseman Origis Energy 786 893 2760 glenna.wiseman@origisenergy.com John M. Moran CIT  a division of First Citizens Bank 212 461 5507 John.Moran2@firstcitizens.com Nicolle Graugnard Antin Infrastructure Partners Nicolle.graugnard@antin-ip.com Tristan Roquet Montegon and Gabriel Jabès Brunswick antinip@brunswickgroup.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.14,0.19,True,English,"['Energy Storage Development Pipeline', '$750 Million Credit Facility', 'Origis Energy', 'U.S.', 'Solar', 'Société Générale', 'Parent company First Citizens BancShares', 'top 20 U.S. financial institution', 'cost effective solar, energy storage', 'high quality clean energy generation', 'storage development project pipeline', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp.', 'leading private equity firm', 'energy storage project pipeline', 'Energy Storage Development Pipeline', 'leading renewable energy platforms', 'strong Origis track record', '2022 $375 million development finance facility', 'clean hydrogen development', 'strong sponsor backing', 'high quality projects', 'general banking services', 'other financial services', 'First Citizens Bank', 'long term partnerships', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'Norton Rose Fulbright', 'class lending, leasing', 'NextGen investment strategies', 'existing financial partners', 'clean energy goals', 'clean energy transition', 'clean energy consumers', 'largest family-controlled bank', 'nationwide direct bank', 'social infrastructure sectors', 'public sector clients', 'commercial banking expertise', '$750 Million Credit Facility', 'clean hydrogen solutions', 'The Origis team', 'clean hydrogen capacity', 'utility scale solar', 'Antin Infrastructure Partners', 'N.C.', '$375 million facility', 'Leading lenders', 'high interest', 'Origis Energy', 'financial strength', 'Deutsche Bank', 'infrastructure businesses', 'wealth clients', 'new lenders', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'lead arranger', 'New entrants', 'recent passing', 'market demand', 'Jamie Edwards', 'Managing Director', 'new members', 'Mike Lorusso', 'Group Head', 'lender counsel', 'More information', 'unique legacy', 'long-term thinking', '500-plus branches', 'Mid Cap', 'New York', 'long-term value', 'portfolio companies', 'compartment A', 'regulated market', 'financing round', 'upsizing amendment', 'incentive stability', 'asset management', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'Truist Securities', '2022 facility', '170 projects', '22 states', 'syndication', 'participants', 'HSBC', 'KeyBank', 'Natixis', 'Nomura', 'Rabobank', 'Santander', 'SMBC', 'MIAMI', 'Fla.', 'March', 'America', 'close', 'flexibility', 'expansion', 'May', 'division', 'commitments', 'syndicate', 'Accounting', 'offering', 'creativity', 'instititutions', 'confidence', 'behalf', 'customers', 'Story', 'Power', 'Proven', 'teams', 'tomorrow', 'challenges', 'growth', 'funds', 'Latham', 'Watkins', 'transaction', 'reach', 'industrial', 'interests', 'stakeholders', '5 GW', 'date', 'excellence', 'engineering', 'procurement', 'construction', 'EPC', 'operations', 'maintenance', 'investors', 'OrigisEnergy', 'Raleigh', 'generations', 'array', 'network', 'coast', 'NASDAQ', 'FCNCA', 'assets', 'firstcitizens', '€30 bn', 'Flagship', 'investments', 'environment', 'digital', 'transport', 'presence', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Luxembourg', '200 professionals', 'transforming', 'Majority']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20016,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ing-completes-share-repurchase-employee-070000439.html,ING completes share repurchase for employee compensation,ING completes share repurchase for employee compensation ING Group announced today that it has completed the share repurchase for employee compensation which...,ING GroupING completes share repurchase for employee compensationING Group announced today that it has completed the share repurchase for employee compensation which started on 1 March 2023. The total number of shares repurchased under the programme is 3 155 748 ordinary shares at an average price of €13.18 for a total consideration of €41 604 305.25. The purpose of the share repurchase is to meet obligations under the share-based compensation plans.For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares and individual share purchase transactions  see the ING website at https://www.ing.com/Investor-relations/Share-information/Share-buyback-programme.htm.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 43 15 Investor.Relations@ing.com Christoph.Linke@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees off er retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Story continuesIMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defi ned benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.26,0.42,True,English,"['share repurchase', 'employee compensation', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'Groep N.V.', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'share-based compensation plans', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'state compensation schemes', 'financial economic crimes', 'daily repurchased shares', 'related response measures', 'major market participant', 'other forward-looking statements', 'wholesale banking services', 'general economic conditions', 'Bank N.V.', 'Group Investor Relations', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'financial services', 'share repurchase', 'employee compensation', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'European Union', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'regulatory consequences', '3,155,748 ordinary shares', 'average price', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'operating company', 'er retail', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'United Kingdom', 'equivalence decisions', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives bus', 'detailed information', 'Group shares', 'total number', 'Christoph Linke', 'EU Regulation', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', '1 March', 'programme', 'purpose', 'obligations', 'website', 'Investor-relations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'people', 'step', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Story', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members', 'withdrawal', 'authorizations']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20017,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-informs-Admission-to-trading-of-shares-of-EDPR-43180649/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. informs: Admission to trading of shares of EDPR,(marketscreener.com)     Investors &   Analysts'   Briefing   Reuters: EDP.LS   Bloomberg: EDP PL     ADMISSION TO TRADING OF SHARES OF EDPR  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-d…,"ADMISSION TO TRADING OF SHARES OF EDPRLisbon  March 7th 2023: EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. (""EDP"") hereby informs: EDP's 71.20% owned subsidiary EDP Renováveis  S.A. (""EDPR"" or the ""Company"") announced that on this date 50 968 400 ordinary and book-entry shares representing EDPR's share capital (i) have been created in the Central de Valores Mobiliários; and (ii) such shares were admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon regulated market  by virtue of the capital increase resolved by EDPR's board of directors on 2 March  2023 and registered with the Registro Mercantil de Asturias on 3 March  2023.The new shares are fungible with EDPR's other shares and will confer on their holders  as from the date of the respective issue  the same rights as the other shares existing prior to the capital increase.The 50 968 400 new shares issued are admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market under the ISIN code ES0127797019.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['S.A.', 'EDP', 'Energias', 'Portugal', 'Admission', 'trading', 'shares', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market', 'Registro Mercantil de', 'EDP Renováveis', 'S.A.', '71.20% owned subsidiary', 'share capital', 'capital increase', 'respective issue', 'same rights', 'ISIN code', 'book-entry shares', 'new shares', 'other shares', 'ADMISSION', 'TRADING', 'EDPR', 'Energias', 'Portugal', 'Company', 'date', '50,968,400 ordinary', 'virtue', 'board', 'directors', '2 March', 'Asturias', '3 March', 'holders']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20018,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-Admission-to-trading-of-shares-of-EDPR-43180824/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,EDP Energias de Portugal S A : Admission to trading of shares of EDPR,(marketscreener.com)   Admission to trading of shares of EDPR   Tuesday07  March 2023     Admission to trading of shares of EDPR    Lisbon  March 7th 2023: EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. hereby informs: EDP's 71.20% owned subsidiary EDP Renová…,"Lisbon  March 7th 2023 : EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. (""EDP"") hereby informs: EDP's 71.20% owned subsidiary EDP Renováveis  S.A. (""EDPR"" or the ""Company"") announced that on this date 50 968 400 ordinary and book-entry shares representing EDPR's share capital (i) have been created in the Central de Valores Mobiliários; and (ii) such shares were admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon regulated market  by virtue of the capital increase resolved by EDPR's board of directors on 2nd March  2023 and registered with the Registro Mercantil de Asturias on 3rd March  2023.The new shares are fungible with EDPR's other shares and will confer on their holders  as from the date of the respective issue  the same rights as the other shares existing prior to the capital increase.The 50 968 400 new shares issued are admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market under the ISIN code ES0127797019.EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['EDP Energias', 'Portugal', 'Admission', 'trading', 'shares', 'EDPR', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market', 'Registro Mercantil de', 'EDP Renováveis', 'S.A.', '71.20% owned subsidiary', 'share capital', 'capital increase', '2nd March', '3rd March', 'respective issue', 'same rights', 'ISIN code', 'book-entry shares', 'new shares', 'other shares', 'Energias', 'Portugal', 'EDPR', 'Company', 'date', '50,968,400 ordinary', 'virtue', 'board', 'directors', 'Asturias', 'holders']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20019,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-Admission-to-trading-of-shares-of-EDP-43180734/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,EDP Energias de Portugal S A : Admission to trading of shares of EDP,(marketscreener.com)   Admission to trading of shares of EDP   Tuesday07  March 2023     Admission to trading of shares of EDP    Lisbon  March 7th 2023: In accordance with applicable legal provisions  EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. hereby ann…,"Lisbon  March 7th 2023: In accordance with applicable legal provisions  EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. (""EDP"") hereby announces that on this date 218 340 612 ordinary and book-entry shares representing EDP's share capital (i) have been created in the Central de Valores Mobiliários; and (ii) such shares were admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon regulated market  by virtue of the capital increase concluded on 3rd March  2023 and registered with the Commercial Registry Office also on 3rd March  2023.The new shares are fungible with EDP's other shares and confer on their holders  as from the date of the respective issue  the same rights as the other shares existing prior to the capital increase.The 218 340 612 new shares issued are admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon under the ISIN code PTEDP0AM0009.EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['EDP Energias', 'Portugal', 'Admission', 'trading', 'shares', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'applicable legal provisions', 'Commercial Registry Office', 'Energias de', 'S.A.', 'share capital', 'capital increase', '3rd March', 'respective issue', 'same rights', 'ISIN code', 'book-entry shares', 'new shares', 'other shares', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'accordance', 'EDP', 'Portugal', 'date', '612 ordinary', 'market', 'virtue', 'holders', '21']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20020,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERIDIA-RE-IV-SOCIMI-S-124393072/news/Meridia-RE-IV-SOCIMI-U-Equity-Contribution-43183545/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Meridia RE IV SOCIMI U : Equity Contribution,(marketscreener.com)   MERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U.   640 Diagonal Avenue  Floor 5  Barcelona    www.meridiareivsocimi.com   Barcelona  7 March 2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Counc…,"MERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U.640 Diagonal Avenue  Floor 5  Barcelona (Spain)www.meridiareivsocimi.comBarcelona  7 March 2023Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  MERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U. (""the Company"" or ""MRE-IV"") hereby notifies the following:PRESS RELEASEOn 7 March 2023 the sole shareholder of the Company has approved and made an equity contribution to the Company amounting to 1 300 000 euros to  mainly  provide liquidity to the Company's structure.We remain at your disposal for any clarifications you may require.Yours faithfully Mr. José Luis Raso FernándezMember of the Board of Directors ofMERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Meridia RE IV SOCIMI U', 'Equity', 'Contribution', 'Mr. José Luis Raso Fernández', 'S.A.U.', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Market Abuse Regulation', '640 Diagonal Avenue', 'European Parliament', 'ongoing obligations', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'sole shareholder', 'equity contribution', 'RE IV', 'SOCIMI', 'Floor', 'Barcelona', 'Spain', '7 March', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'companies', 'Company', 'MRE', 'following', '1,300,000 euros', 'liquidity', 'structure', 'disposal', 'clarifications', 'Member', 'Board', 'Directors']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20021,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2621870/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-recognized-as-1-in-the-Netherlands-for-gender-diversity.html,Wolters Kluwer recognized as #1 in the Netherlands for gender diversity,Wolters Kluwer recognized as #1 in the Netherlands for gender diversity  Third consecutive year the Company claims top spot in Equileap’s......,Wolters Kluwer recognized as #1 in the Netherlands for gender diversityThird consecutive year the Company claims top spot in Equileap’s ranking;Executives to participate in bell ringing for gender equality at Euronext AmsterdamAlphen aan den Rijn  March 7  2023 — Wolters Kluwer is the top company for gender diversity in the Netherlands  according to Equileap  a leading provider of data and insights on gender equality. This is the third consecutive year that Wolters Kluwer has won the honor. The company also ranked #6 out of only 18 companies globally to reach gender balance across all four levels (board of directors  executives  senior management and the workforce) measured by Equileap’s 2023 Gender Equality Global Report & Ranking.The independent recognition comes as Wolters Kluwer prepares to celebrate International Women’s Day at Euronext Amsterdam on March 8 for the Ring the Bell for Gender Equality 2023 campaign. The event  a partnership between various high profile organizations including UN Women and the World Federation of Exchanges  will feature senior executives from the Company.“At Wolters Kluwer we believe that diversity drives performance  and we are pleased to once again be recognized with the top ranking in the Netherlands for gender diversity ” says Carlos Rivero  Senior Vice President  Global Head of Talent Management at Wolters Kluwer. “Strong gender diversity representation is incredibly important to us and there is always more we can do. As a result  we will continue to take actions to further our commitment to diversity  equity  inclusion  and belonging across the entire organization.”As part of the Company’s commitment to taking further actions  Nancy McKinstry  Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer  recently signed the UN’s Women's Empowerment Principles (WEP). Wolters Kluwer joins more than 7 000 companies who have signed the principles which offer guidance to business on how to promote gender equality and women’s empowerment in the workplace  marketplace and community.To learn more about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.# # #About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactPaul LyonSenior Director  External CommunicationsGlobal Branding & CommunicationsWolters KluwerOffice +44 20 3197 6586Paul.Lyon@wolterskluwer.comAttachment,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'gender diversity', 'Netherlands', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'various high profile organizations', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Strong gender diversity representation', '2023 Gender Equality Global Report', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Senior Vice President', 'Gender Equality 2023 campaign', 'third consecutive year', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'gender balance', 'Global Head', 'global leader', 'Global Branding', 'senior management', 'Senior Director', 'top spot', 'leading provider', 'four levels', 'independent recognition', 'World Federation', 'Carlos Rivero', 'Talent Management', 'entire organization', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'Executive Board', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Contact', 'Paul Lyon', 'Paul.Lyon', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'senior executives', 'International Women', 'professional information', 'corporate performance', 'External Communications', 'top ranking', 'top company', 'UN Women', 'Empowerment Principles', 'Netherlands', 'Equileap', 'bell', 'data', 'insights', 'honor', '18 companies', 'directors', 'workforce', 'Day', 'March', 'Ring', 'event', 'partnership', 'Exchanges', 'result', 'actions', 'commitment', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'Chair', 'WEP', '7,000 companies', 'guidance', 'business', 'workplace', 'marketplace', 'community', 'wolterskluwer', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
20022,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-promoted-to-the-AMX-index-and-included-in-the-AEX-ESG-index-43183637/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Van Lanschot Kempen promoted to the AMX index and included in the AEX ESG index,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands  7 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen will enter the Euronext AMX index and the AEX ESG index as of March 17  2023 COB. Jeroen Kroes  Chief Financial Officer Van Lanschot Kempen: “The inclusion in…,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands  7 March 2023Van Lanschot Kempen will enter the Euronext AMX index and the AEX ESG index as of March 17  2023 COB.Jeroen Kroes  Chief Financial Officer Van Lanschot Kempen: “The inclusion in both the Midkap index and the AEX ESG index underlines the growth achieved by Van Lanschot Kempen in recent years and our sustainable profile. This will further strengthen our visibility towards investors and is expected to increase liquidity in our stock. At the same time our focus remains unchanged: providing unique  personalised services to our clients. Strategically  we remain focused on sustainable profitable growth  both organically and through acquisitions  with a capital-light balance sheet.”The composition of the Midkap index is reviewed annually in March by Euronext Amsterdam on the basis of certain criteria  including free float market capitalisation. As of the end of February 2023  Van Lanschot Kempen's total market capitalisation was €1.1 billion.In addition  Van Lanschot Kempen will be added to the AEX ESG index  which identifies the 25 companies that rank highest on Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria among the 50 constituents of the AEX® and AMX® indices. The ESG assessment of companies is provided by Morningstar Sustainalytics  a global provider of ESG research  ratings  and data.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'AEX ESG index', 'AMX index', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Chief Financial Officer Van Lanschot Kempen', 'free float market capitalisation', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'total market capitalisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'unique, personalised services', 'capital-light balance sheet', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'AEX ESG index', 'Euronext AMX index', 'sustainable profitable growth', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'Midkap index', 'sustainable profile', 'AMX® indices', 'ESG assessment', 'ESG research', 'sustainable way', 'Jeroen Kroes', 'recent years', 'same time', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ESG) criteria', 'Morningstar Sustainalytics', 'global provider', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'long-term focus', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'AEX®', 'Hertogenbosch', 'March', 'COB.', 'inclusion', 'visibility', 'investors', 'liquidity', 'stock', 'clients', 'acquisitions', 'composition', 'basis', 'February', 'addition', '25 companies', 'Social', 'Governance', '50 constituents', 'ratings', 'data', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'aim', 'society', 'part', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'information', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'action', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20023,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/final-outcome-repurchase-offers-160900455.html,Final Outcome of Repurchase Offers,DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED (“DCAC or the Company”) Final Outcome of Repurchase Offers in Respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code...,"DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED(“DCAC or the Company”)Final Outcome of Repurchase Offersin Respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XZ39) andDCAC Public Warrant Holders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XY22)7 March 2023THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWSStatus of the proposed Business CombinationDCAC announced proposals to form a Business Combination with Advanced Cables on 20th February 2023. The DCAC Board today agreed to expedite the proposals  following confirmation from further governmental representatives of their in principle support  as well as the support of strategic co-investors. DCAC will therefore now agree an exclusive option to acquire the Target.A separate update is being formulated and will be circulated to DCAC Shareholders shortly.DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders are advised that  if completed and approved by DCAC Shareholders  the Business Combination may result in a material increase in the value of DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants.Status of the Repurchase OfferCopies of the Repurchase Tender Document and the Stub Tender Offer Circular are available on DCAC's website: www.disruptivecapitalac.com .Under the Repurchase Offer (as defined and undertaken pursuant to the Repurchase Tender Document issued by the Company on 25 January 2023)  DCAC Ordinary Shareholders were eligible to submit tenders ahead of the final date for tenders to be submitted  being the 22 February 2023.DCAC Shareholders contemplating submitting a tender were made aware that  due to settlement and anti-money laundering processes  only valid tenders submitted in time for clearance would be considered for settlement and no tenders would be considered after 15:00 CET on 22 February 2023.Story continuesFurther  as was provided for in the Repurchase Tender Document  no tenders would be accepted by DCAC unless the tendering DCAC Shareholder demonstrated to the DCAC Board’s satisfaction that they were only tendering 95% of their holding; and were the holder of record of the DCAC Ordinary Shares being tendered as at the Record Date  so being on the Share Register at 17:40 CET on 10 February 2023.Inter alia  Clause 5.12 of the Repurchase Tender Document provides that:""All decisions as to the number of DCAC Ordinary Shares tendered and the validity or eligibility (including the time and date of receipt) of any tender of DCAC Ordinary Shares will be made by the Company. The Company’s decision shall be final and binding on all of the parties. The Company reserves the right to reject any or all tenders that it determines in its absolute discretion not to be in proper form and tendered in good faith; or the acceptance or payment for which may  in the sole opinion of the Company  be unlawful or in breach of sanctions or other such regulations. No tender of DCAC Ordinary Shares will be deemed to be validly made until all defects or irregularities have been cured or waived. The consideration under the Tender Offer will not be dispatched until the Company is duly satisfied. The decision of the Company as to which DCAC Ordinary Shares have been successfully tendered shall be final and binding on all DCAC Ordinary Shareholders.""As of 4 March 2023  tenders that were received purporting to cover 11 850 178 DCAC Ordinary Shares  including tenders submitted after the deadline in respect of 380 000 DCAC Ordinary SharesThe Company agreed to repurchase 10 820 564 DCAC Ordinary Shares  which have now been settled at a price of £10.789 / DCAC Ordinary Share.The DCAC Board  its listing agent  administrators and lawyers have carefully reviewed and sought to reconcile the Tenders where there appeared to be discrepancies. It also discharged its promise to make due and careful enquiry of those that submitted those tenders. Whilst it has been difficult  costly and time consuming to reconcile tenders  the totality of tenders would have suggested that there were 440 901 more shares in public issue than was actually the case.Purported Repurchase Tenders for 1 029 614 DCAC Ordinary Shares were investigated by the DCAC Board as being potentially invalid.The DCAC Board is mindful of its duty of care to all DCAC Shareholders  and to make sure that that the interests of all DCAC Shareholders are not prejudiced by the actions or inactions of a minority  whether inadvertent or otherwise. The DCAC Board has reached a final and definitive conclusion under §5.12 of the Repurchase Offer  with the Repurchase Tenders in respect of the 1 029 614 DCAC Ordinary Shares under investigation falling into the following categories (or in some cases more than one category):Tenders for 291 737 DCAC Ordinary Shares are now regarded as being valid; Tenders for 357 876 DCAC Ordinary Shares where the DCAC Board has confirmed to its satisfaction that it was correctly of the opinion that either the DCAC Shareholder had tendered for more than 95% of the DCAC Ordinary Shares held under their control as at the Record Date; and/or had acquired the DCAC Ordinary Shares after the Record Date; and/or had already tendered holdings under the same fund management in earlier settlement rounds; Tenders for 380 000 DCAC Ordinary Shares received after the cut-off time  (of which 270 275 would otherwise have been valid  and 109 725 would also have fallen under b) above).Whilst the DCAC Board appreciated the co-operation of those DCAC Shareholders who replied to our enquiries  nonetheless it is difficult to treat those DCAC Shareholders who had submitted valid tenders fairly by accepting invalid tenders. Therefore  only Repurchase Tenders for 11 112 302 DCAC Ordinary Shares are hereby declared by the DCAC Board as being valid and the Company has therefore agreed to repurchase the same. As all Repurchase Tenders were made at £10.789 / DCAC Ordinary Share  this results in £119.89 million being returned to DCAC Shareholders.The repurchased DCAC Ordinary Shares will be held as Treasury Shares  pending prospective reissue under the potential Advanced Cables Business Combination (as further described in the press release issued by the Company on 20 February 2023). The Company confirms that  once these repurchases have been settled  the Company will own 87.16% of its total issued share capital in Treasury. DCAC Shareholders should note that consequent upon the proposed Business Combination  there may be issue of further DCAC Ordinary Shares  DCAC Sponsor Shares and/or new DCAC Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to any exercise of DCAC Warrants  over and above the re-issue of Treasury Shares.However  in respect of invalid tenders where the DCAC Board is of the reasonably formed opinion that the DCAC shareholder had inadvertently made an administrative error and has admitted to the same  the Board will instruct its agents to engage with those DCAC Shareholders to see if a reasonable accommodation can be made  as long as such DCAC Shareholders bear the time and out of pocket costs associated with the reconciliation exercise so as not to disadvantage other DCAC Shareholders. Further consideration will be given to the status of shares that were tendered  but which tenders have been declared ineligible  noting inter alia Clause 8.1 of the Repurchase Tender document. Following the Repurchase Tender  the DCAC share holdings are as follows:DCAC Ordinary Shares Number % (ex treasury)Residual held post valid tenders 649 822 38.9%Ineligible tenders 737 876 44.2%Held by DCAC Sponsor 281 252 16.9%In Treasury 11 331 052Total 13 000 002Due to the procedural complexities resulting from the invalid tendering  settlement of valid tenders was delayed. We once again apologise that those who had validly tendered were inconvenienced accordingly.The Company wishes to thank its executive  Kempen and Admina for their work in ascertaining the validity of the Tenders.Edmund TruellCEO  DCACAbout DCACDCAC is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated on 29 April 2021 under the Companies Law as a non-cellular company limited by shares. DCAC was created for the purpose of completing a merger  amalgamation  share exchange  asset and/or liability acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with a target business or entity.DCAC's leadership team comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer); non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director)  and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director); and special advisers: Dimitri Goulandris  Kari Stadigh and Luke Webster.DCAC was launched by Disruptive Capital GP Limited  a Guernsey investment firm licensed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission to carry on controlled investment business under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law  2020. Disruptive Capital GP was founded by Edmund Truell and his late brother  Daniel Truell  former CIO of the Wellcome Trust charitable endowment. Following his death  the firm is now owned by the de Boucaud Truell Inter-Generational FLP and the Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  set up to ‘make money for charity by being good investors’.The initial public offering of DCAC took place on 6 October 2021. DCAC successfully completed the DCAC IPO  raising £125 million from new investors. Pursuant to reorganisation plans  some £119.89 million has and is being returned to shareholders  all at a price of £10.789 per DCAC Ordinary Share. The Company now holds some £7.2 million in cash  post settlement of the valid share repurchases and having met all its outstanding liabilities.DCAC announced proposals to form a Business Combination with Advanced Cables on 20th February 2023. The proposals are being formulated and will be circulated to shareholders in the near future.The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants are currently separately listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam under the ISIN GG00BMB5XZ39 and symbol DCACS for the DCAC Ordinary Shares and ISIN GG00BMB5XY22 and symbol DCACW for the DCAC Warrants.A copy of this release is available on the Company’s website: www.disruptivecapitalac.comEnquiries to:Edi Truell  CEOtruell@disruptivecapital.com+41 79 953 8396ordisruptive@admina.ggRegistered officeFirst Floor10 Lefebvre StreetSt Peter PortGuernseyGY1 2PEMedia inquiries:James CulverhouseEQJames.culverhouse@eqcorp.co+44 20 7223 1100+44 7912 508 322",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.12,0.75,True,English,"['Final Outcome', 'Repurchase Offers', 'DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'Stub Tender Offer Circular', 'DCAC Public Warrant Holders', 'DCAC Warrant Holders', 'anti-money laundering processes', 'APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS', 'tendering DCAC Shareholder', 'DCAC Ordinary Shares', 'Repurchase Tender Document', 'DCAC Ordinary Shareholders', 'The DCAC Board', 'Purported Repurchase Tenders', 'public issue', 'Repurchase Offer', 'DCAC Shareholders', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'Share Register', 'DCAC Warrants', 'ISIN Code', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'Business Combination', 'Advanced Cables', 'strategic co', 'exclusive option', 'separate update', 'material increase', 'Inter alia', 'absolute discretion', 'proper form', 'good faith', 'sole opinion', 'listing agent', 'careful enquiry', 'definitive conclusion', 'following categories', 'The Company', 'Final Outcome', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'principle support', 'final date', 'valid tenders', '20th February', 'Record Date', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', '22 February', '10 February', 'Respect', '7 March', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', 'REGULATIONS', 'FAILURE', 'RESTRICTIONS', 'Status', 'proposals', 'confirmation', 'representatives', 'investors', 'Target', 'value', 'Copies', 'website', '25 January', 'settlement', 'time', 'clearance', 'Story', 'satisfaction', 'holding', 'Clause', 'decisions', 'number', 'validity', 'eligibility', 'receipt', 'parties', 'right', 'acceptance', 'payment', 'breach', 'sanctions', 'defects', 'irregularities', 'consideration', '4 March', 'deadline', 'price', 'administrators', 'lawyers', 'discrepancies', 'promise', 'due', 'totality', 'case', 'duty', 'interests', 'actions', 'minority', 'investigation', '15:00', '17:40', '440,901', '§']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20024,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYXOAH-SA-112544313/news/Nyxoah-to-Participate-in-the-Oppenheimer-33rd-Annual-Healthcare-Conference-43184586/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Nyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference,(marketscreener.com) Nyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 7  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA    a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization o…,Nyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare ConferenceMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 7  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference  which takes place March 13-15  2023  virtually.Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer  will deliver a corporate update on Tuesday  March 14  2023  at 11:20am ET. A webcast of the presentation will be available in the Events section of Nyxoah’s Investor Relations website. The Company will also be available for 1x1 meetings with institutional investors.Nyxoah’s Investor Presentation can be accessed on the Shareholder Information section of the Company’s Investor Relations page.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contact:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.11,0.09,0.8,True,English,"['Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Nyxoah', 'Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients', 'U.S. federal law', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'CE mark approval', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Investor Relations website', 'Investor Relations page', 'two successful IPOs', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', 'Shareholder Information section', 'OSA patients', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Events section', 'successful completion', 'Investor Presentation', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Olivier Taelman', 'corporate update', '1x1 meetings', 'institutional investors', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'The Company', 'David DeMartino', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', '10:30pm', '4:30pm', 'NYXH', 'development', 'place', 'Tuesday', '11:20am', 'webcast', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'FDA', 'Caution', 'Contact', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20025,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2622587/0/en/Nyxoah-to-Participate-in-the-Oppenheimer-33rd-Annual-Healthcare-Conference.html,Nyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference,Nyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference      Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 7  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET...,English FrenchNyxoah to Participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare ConferenceMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 7  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will participate in the Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference  which takes place March 13-15  2023  virtually.Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer  will deliver a corporate update on Tuesday  March 14  2023  at 11:20am ET. A webcast of the presentation will be available in the Events section of Nyxoah’s Investor Relations website. The Company will also be available for 1x1 meetings with institutional investors.Nyxoah’s Investor Presentation can be accessed on the Shareholder Information section of the Company’s Investor Relations page.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contact:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.25,0.31,True,English,"['Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Nyxoah', 'Oppenheimer 33rd Annual Healthcare Conference', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'U.S. federal law', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'CE mark approval', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Investor Relations website', 'Investor Relations page', 'two successful IPOs', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', 'Shareholder Information section', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Events section', 'successful completion', 'Investor Presentation', 'English French', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Olivier Taelman', 'corporate update', '1x1 meetings', 'institutional investors', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'CCC) patients', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'The Company', 'OSA patients', 'Nyxoah SA', 'David DeMartino', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', '10:30pm', '4:30pm', 'NYXH', 'development', 'place', 'Tuesday', '11:20am', 'webcast', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'Complete', 'FDA', 'Caution', 'Contact', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
20026,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mrm-2022-annual-results-164500826.html,MRM: 2022 annual results,Press release 2022 annual results Transformative acquisition of two properties from Altarea in late 2022 Flins and Ollioules shopping centres included in...,MRMPress release2022 annual resultsTransformative acquisition of two properties from Altarea in late 2022 Flins and Ollioules shopping centres included in MRM’s portfolio from 16 November 2022 Significant increase in portfolio size to €245 million (+51%) Increase in annualised net rents to €15 million (+62%) Sharp fall in the operating expenses/rental income ratio from 31% in 2021 to 19% in 2022 pro forma 1Good operational performance 2 Retailer revenue up 3% compared with 2019 at constant scope 3 13 leases signed in 2022  representing 9.4% of the rental baseSolid financial performance 4 Net rental income up 2.4% Net operating cash flow up 2.7% Net LTV ratio kept under control at 43.6% End-2022 EPRA NDV per share up 1.3% compared with the end-2021 figure adjusted for the shareholder pay-out 5Proposed pay - out of €1.80 per share Pay-out per share unchanged from last year 47% increase in the total pay-out to €5.8 millionParis  7 March 2023: MRM (Euronext code ISIN FR00140085W6)  a real estate investment company specialising in retail property  today announced its results for the year ended 31 December 2022. This press release follows on from the review and approval of the financial statements by MRM’s Board of Directors in its meeting of 7 March 2023.François Matray  Chief Executive Officer of MRM  said: “In late 2022  MRM moved to a whole new level in terms of scale by acquiring two shopping centres from Altarea. This increased the value of our portfolio by more than 50% and our rental base by more than 60%. In addition  by funding the deal with a balance of debt and equity  we kept our LTV ratio under control  while welcoming Altarea among our shareholders. Our existing portfolio also performed well in operational terms in 2022. Retailer revenue in our shopping centres rose above its 2019 level and lettings activity remained firm  resulting in an increase of almost 3% in our annualised net rents. From 2023  the acquisitions will have their full effect  boosting our revenue as well as our operating margin through better coverage of fixed costs. Above all  we will be able to apply our asset management and value-enhancement skills across a larger portfolio. We are therefore highly confident that we will be able to increase annualised net rents to above €16 million by 2025 at constant scope.”Story continuesA year marked by the structuring acquisition of two shopping centersIn late 2022  MRM acquired two shopping centres from Altarea for a total of €90.4 million including transfer taxes. These shopping centres have been part of MRM’s portfolio and consolidated in its financial statements since 16 November 2022.One shopping centre is located in Flins in the Yvelines region of France  and the other one in Ollioules in the Var region. They are successful properties combining yields with value-enhancement potential. Both have a Carrefour hypermarket as food retail anchor and are leading shopping centres within their catchment areas. Integrating these shopping centres has taken MRM’s scale to a whole new level. The value of its portfolio has increased by more than 50% and its annualised net rents by more than 60%  and this is opening up new perspectives.As announced in late July 2022  the deal was funded through two capital increases totalling €50 million  subscribed by SCOR SE and Altarea in an amount of €25 million each. The rest of the transaction cost was financed through a €42 million bank loan. This scheme enabled MRM to keep its LTV ratio under control at less than 44%.Ongoing good momentum in operational termsWithin MRM’s historic scope6  retailer revenue was 3% higher than in 2019. This strong performance was due to a 2% increase in retailer revenue for stores of over 500 sqm and a 5% increase for stores of less than 500 sqm.Retailer revenue7 2022 vs. 2019 2022 vs. 20218 Large stores (> 500 sqm) +2% +2% Small stores (< 500 sqm) +5% +7% Total +3% +3%In MRM’s historic scope  13 leases were signed in 2022  representing total rents of €0.9 million and a total floor area of 4 900 sqm. The average reversion rate compared with market rental values was +1%.New leases notably include:• Ongoing lettings activity at the Valentin shopping centre (near Besançon): new leases totalling 270 sqm were signed  further improving the retailer mix;• The reletting of the 2 000 sqm medium-sized unit within the Carré Vélizy mixed-use development (Vélizy-Villacoublay)  vacated by Office Depot in January 2022  to fitness chain On Air  with the new lease coming into effect on 29 April 2022;• The addition of two Rougié & Plé stores with total floorspace of 1 100 sqm in Passage de la Réunion in Mulhouse;• A 700 sqm unit in Aria Parc in Allonnes let to Takko Fashion  taking the occupancy rate of this retail park – which is discount-focused with two key retailers Action and Centrakor – to 100%.This good level of lettings activity increased the historic scope’s physical occupancy rate by 1.0 point and its financial occupancy rate by 0.6 point. The addition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres also boosted overall physical and financial occupancy rates by 0.3 and 0.6 point respectively. After retail chain Camaïeu has been placed in liquidation in September 2022  three units occupied by Camaïeu – one in MRM’s historic portfolio and two in the Flins and Ollioules centres – entirely offset those increases  and so physical and financial occupancy rates as at 31 December 2022 remained stable at 90% and 88% respectively.Annualised net rents totalled €15.1 million as at 1 January 2023  an increase of 62% relative to 1 January 2022. That major increase resulted from the addition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres while annualised net rents in the historic scope continued to rise from €9.3 million to €9.6 million  an increase of 3%.Sharp rise in portfolio valueThe value of MRM’s portfolio was €244.9 million as at 31 December 2022  a year-on-year increase of 51.2% driven by the integration of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres. The value of MRM’s historic portfolio saw a limited decline of 0.9% over a year.€ million 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Change Like-for-like change9 Portfolio value excl. TT 244.9 162.0 +51.2% -0.9%Financial resultsRental incomeGross rental income for 2022  corresponding to rents billed  amounted to €10.2 million  an increase of 4.7%. This was mainly driven by changes in scope: the Flins and Ollioules acquisition had a positive effect of €0.7 million (consolidated for 1.5 months)  while the October 2021 disposals had a negative impact of €0.2 million.Like-for-like  gross rental income was stable  with new leases and indexation offsetting the effect of the medium-sized unit in Carré Vélizy becoming temporarily vacant from January 2022 (new lease effective from late April 2022).After taking into account non-recovered property expenses  net rental income was €8.1 million compared with €8.0 million in 2021  an increase of 2.4%.Rental income€ million 2022 2021 Change Like-for-like change Gross rental income 10.2 9.7 +4.7% 0.0% Recurring non-recovered property expenses (1.9) (1.6) Non-recurring items10 (0.2) 0.2 Net rental income 8.1 8.0 +2.4%Unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreementsThe unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements  introduced to support tenants  resulted in the reversal of provisions set aside in previous years.The collection rate for rents an charges also moved back to a normal level  rising above 95% for the year as a whole.Net operating cash flow 11 of €4. 0 millionAs a result of the increase in net rental income  the positive impact from the unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements and lower operating expenses  EBITDA rose by 5.4% to €5.8 million in 2022.The net cost of debt rose from €1.2 million in 2021 to €1.8 million in 2022. This was due to the new €42.0 million loan that partly funded the acquisition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres  but also the increase in the average cost of debt caused by higher interest rates.Net operating cash flow was €4.0 million  up 2.7% relative to 2021.€ million 2022 2021 Change Net rental income 8.2 8.0 +2.5% Tenant support measures 0.4 (0.2) Operating expenses (2.4) (2.5) -2.6% Other operating income and expenses (0.4) 0.2 EBITDA 5.8 5.5 +5.4% Net cost of debt (1.8) (1.6) Net operating cash flow 4.0 3.9 +2.7%On a full-year basis  the additional revenue from the two shopping centres acquired in late 2022 will result in better coverage of operating expenses. Operating expenses equalled 19.1% of net rental income based on pro forma 2022 figures12 as opposed to 29.5% on the basis of reported 2022 figures and 31.0% in 2021.Calculated on the basis of the implementation of the new €42.0 million loan at the start of 2022  and therefore of more favorable borrowing conditions than the current rates  the cost of debt amounts to €2.6 million in 2022 on a pro forma basis. Applying a 3-month Euribor rate of 3% to the whole of 2022  the pro forma 2022 cost of debt would be €4.4 million.Solid financial position maintainedIn November 2022  MRM arranged a new €42.0 million bank loan  due to mature in late 2029  to fund the acquisition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres.MRM had €116.7 million of debt outstanding at 31 December 2022  as opposed to €75.7 million at end-2021. The average cost of debt was 2.07%. MRM’s debt is fully remunerated at variable rate and 77% is hedged by caps (with strike rates between 1% and 2.5%).The next significant redemption date is in late 2028.At the end of December 2022  MRM had cash and cash equivalents of €10.4 million compared with €9.7 million a year earlier.The funding scheme used to acquire the two shopping centres allowed MRM to keep its net LTV ratio under control at 43.6% at end-December 2022 as opposed to 40.0% a year earlier.End-2022 NAV per share up 1.3% compared with the end-2021 figure adjusted for the shareholder pay - outEPRA NDV amounted to €139.0 million at the end of December 2022. This compares with €97.4 million a year earlier  or €93.5 million after the €3.9 million pay-out to shareholders with respect to 2021. After pay-out  this represents a 48.7% increase in EPRA NDV. The increase mainly reflects the impact of:Capital increases in 2022  amounting to €49.1 million net of fees;Net operating cash flow of €4.0 million in 2022;An €-8.8 million change in the fair value of properties  comprising a €6.4 million charge related to transfer taxes and acquisition fees for the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres and a -€2.4 million change in fair value of the historic portfolio;A €1.6 million change in the fair value of financial instruments.Adjusted for the shareholder pay-out with respect to 2021  EPRA NDV per share was €42.8 at the end of December 2021. At the end of December 2022  EPRA NDV per share was €43.4. This represents an increase of 1.3%  despite the increase in the number of shares caused by capital increases in 2022.Shareholder pay-outMRM’s Board of Directors has decided to propose to the shareholders a pay-out premiums in an amount of €1.80 per share with respect to 2022  similar to the amount per share paid out with respect to 2021. This would correspond to a total pay-out of €5.8 million  as opposed to the €3.9 million paid out the previous year.This represents a yield of 6.7% based on the share price at 6 March 2023.The pay-out is subject to approval in the 7 June 2023 General Meeting of Shareholders. The ex date is expected to be 12 June 2023  with a payment date of 14 June 2023.OutlookWith its larger store portfolio and its relationships with a greater number of retailers and chains  MRM intends to continue implementing its dynamic asset management policy  with the following priorities:• Analysing and implementing investment programmes aimed at enhancing the value of properties  i.e. both the historic portfolio and the two shopping centres acquired in late 2022;• Letting available space;• Implementing the Company’s ESG action plan and Climate Plan  paying particular attention to reducing energy consumption and proactively publishing a Statement of Non-Financial Performance (Déclaration de Performance Extra Financière  DPEF) in April 2023;• Managing the property portfolio dynamically  looking at potential acquisitions and disposals.From 2023  MRM will see the full impact of acquiring the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres  which will boost its revenue as well as its operating margin through better coverage of fixed costs.MRM confirms that  including these acquisitions  it is aiming for annualised net rents of over €16 million by 2025  as opposed to €10 million previously. This target is based on the current portfolio (excluding any acquisitions and disposals).Finally  MRM intends to maintain its policy of making regular pay-outs to shareholders.CalendarFinancial information for the first quarter of 2023 will be published before the market opens on 11 May 2023.The General Meeting of Shareholders will take place on 7 June 2023.About MRMMRM is a listed real estate investment company that owns and manages a portfolio of retail properties across several regions of France. Its majority shareholder is SCOR SE  which owns 56.63% of its share capital. MRM is listed on Compartment C of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR00140085W6 - Bloomberg code: MRM:FP – Reuters code: MRM.PA).MRM opted for SIIC status on 1 January 2008.For more information  please contact:MRM5 avenue Kléber75795 Paris Cedex 16FranceT: +33 (0)1 58 44 70 00relation_finances@mrminvest.com Isabelle Laurent  OPRG FinancialT: +33 (0)6 42 37 54 17isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frWebsite: www.mrminvest.comAppendix 1: Retailer mixSector breakdown (CNCC categories)% of annualised gross rents 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Household goods 18% 26% Food and drink 18% 20% Personal goods 17% 10% Health and beauty 16% 9% Culture  gifts  leisure 11% 8% Services 8% 9% Entertainment 7% 11% Offices 5% 7%Appendix 2: Fourth-quarter revenue€ million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change Like-for-like change Gross rental income 3.07 2.38 +29.1% -0.3%Appendix 3: Income statementSimplified IFRS income statement€ million 2022 2021 Net rental income 8.1 8.0 Operating expenses (2.4) (2.5) Provisions net of reversals 0.8 (0.9) Other operating income and expenses (1.1) (0.1) Operating income before disposals and change in fair value 5.4 4.5 Net gains/(losses) on disposal of assets - 0.4 Change in fair value of properties (8.8) 2.6 Operating income (3.4) 7.6 Net cost of debt (1.8) (1.2) Other financial income and expense 1.6 (0.8) Net income before tax (3.6) 5.6 Tax - - Consolidated net income (3.6) 5.6Operating income before disposals and change in fair value was €5.4 million in 2022  up 21.6% compared with 2021. That increase was due to:A 2.4% increase in net rental income from €8.0 million in 2021 to €8.1 million in 2022; A slight decrease in operating expenses from €2.5 million in 2021 to €2.4 million in 2022; The unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements in 2022  which resulted in the reversal of provisions set aside in previous years: the sub-total of provisions net of reversals and other net operating income and expenses represented an expense of €0.3 million in 2022 as opposed to an expense of €1.0 million in 2021.Transfer taxes and acquisition fees related to the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres represented an expense of €6.4 million. The fair value of the existing portfolio also fell by €2.4 million  leading to a total €-8.8 million change in the fair value of properties  as opposed to a €2.6 million change in 2021.As a result  there was an operating loss of €3.4 million in 2022  as opposed to operating income of €7.6 million in 2021.The net cost of debt rose from €1.2 million in 2021 to €1.8 million in 2022  due to the new loan that partly funded the acquisition of the Flins and Ollioules centres  but also the increase in the average cost of debt caused by higher interest rates.MRM also benefited from a positive change in the fair value of financial instruments in an amount of €1.6 million. As a result  net financial expense was €0.2 million compared with €2.0 million a year earlier.Overall  MRM made a consolidated net loss of €3.6 million in 2022  as opposed to net income of €5.6 million in 2021.Appendix 4: 2022 pro forma figures2022 pro forma figures are based on the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres being acquired on 1 January 2022.€ million 2022pro forma 2022reported 2021 Consolidation of the Flins and Ollioules centres Assumed over12 months 1.5 months Gross rental income 15.1 10.2 9.7 Net rental income 13.1 8.1 8.0 Operating expenses (2.5) (2.4) (2.5) EBITDA 10.6 5.8 5.5 Net cost of debt (2.6) (1.8) (1.6) Net operating cash flow 8.1 4.0 3.9If the new €42.0 million loan had been in place at the start of 2022  when borrowing conditions were more favourable than currently  the cost of debt would have been €2.6 million in 2022 on a pro forma basis. Applying a 3-month Euribor rate of 3% to the whole of 2022  the pro forma 2022 cost of debt would be €4.4 million and net operating cash flow would be €6.2 million.Appendix 5: Balance sheetSimplified IFRS balance sheet€ million 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Investment property 244.9 162.0 Current receivables / assets 11.0 7.6 Cash and cash equivalents 10.0 9.8 Total assets 265.9 179.4 Equity 139.0 97.4 Bank debt 116.7 74.4 Other debt and liabilities 10.2 7.6 Total equity and liabilities 265.9 179.4Appendix 6: Net Asset ValueNet Asset Value31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Total€ m Per shareIn € Total€ m Per shareIn € EPRA NDV 139.0 43.4 97.4 44.6 EPRA NRV 152.8 47.7 108.0 49.5 Number of shares(adjusted for treasury stock) 3 201 950 2 181 2661 Assuming acquisition of the two shopping centers on 01/01/20222 On the historic scope  i.e. excluding the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres acquired at the very end of the year3 Based on available revenue figures for tenants already in place in the comparison year4 Reported revenue taking into account the consolidation of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres for 1.5 months5 Total of €3.9 million paid out with respect to FY 20216 Excluding the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres acquired at the very end of the year7 Based on available revenue figures for tenants already in place in the comparison year8 Excluding the Valentin shopping centre  which was forced to close for Covid reasons for three months in 2021: including that centre  retailer revenue would have risen 5%  with a 14% increase for stores of less than 500 sqm9 Change in portfolio value adjusted for disposals in 2021 and acquisitions in 202210 Related to adjustments of rental charges11 Net operating cash flow = consolidated net income before tax adjusted for non-cash items12 Based on the two shopping centres being acquired on 01/01/2022 (see table in the appendix)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.16,0.02,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'MRM', 'Passage de la Réunion', 'Carré Vélizy mixed-use development', 'real estate investment company', 'Net operating cash flow', 'operating expenses/rental income ratio', 'Net rental income', 'Euronext code ISIN', 'François Matray', 'Chief Executive Officer', '€42 million bank loan', 'annualised net rents', 'average reversion rate', 'two capital increases', 'two key retailers', 'One shopping centre', 'Valentin shopping centre', 'market rental values', 'physical occupancy rate', 'two shopping centers', 'food retail anchor', 'Net LTV ratio', 'Solid financial performance', 'financial occupancy rate', 'two shopping centres', 'total floor area', 'Ollioules shopping centres', 'Good operational performance', '2,000 sqm medium-sized unit', 'Ongoing lettings activity', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay', 'operating margin', 'two properties', 'two Rougié', 'strong performance', 'total rents', 'rental base', 'financial statements', 'retail property', 'good momentum', 'retail park', 'good level', 'Press release', 'Sharp fall', 'constant scope', 'end-2021 figure', 'shareholder pay-out', 'operational terms', 'fixed costs', 'asset management', 'value-enhancement skills', 'transfer taxes', 'Yvelines region', 'Var region', 'successful properties', 'value-enhancement potential', 'Carrefour hypermarket', 'catchment areas', 'new perspectives', 'SCOR SE', 'transaction cost', 'historic scope', 'Retailer revenue7', 'Besançon', 'retailer mix', 'Office Depot', 'fitness chain', 'new lease', 'Aria Parc', 'Takko Fashion', 'total floorspace', '700 sqm unit', '2 Retailer revenue', 'new level', '20218 Large stores', 'Small stores', 'Plé stores', '2022 annual results', 'Transformative acquisition', 'full effect', 'portfolio size', 'existing portfolio', 'larger portfolio', 'last year', 'total pay', 'late July', 'Significant increase', '2019 level', '3 13 leases', '500 sqm', '4,900 sqm', '270 sqm', '1,100 sqm', 'late 2022', '47% increase', '2% increase', '5% increase', 'MRM', 'Altarea', 'Flins', '16 November', 'control', 'Paris', '7 March', 'review', 'approval', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'scale', 'addition', 'deal', 'balance', 'debt', 'equity', 'shareholders', 'acquisitions', 'coverage', 'Story', 'part', 'France', 'yields', 'amount', 'rest', 'scheme', 'less', 'reletting', 'January', 'Air', '29 April', 'Mulhouse', 'Allonnes', 'Centrakor', '1.0 point', '0.6 point']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20027,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CENERGY-HOLDINGS-S-A-32089807/news/Cenergy-S-A-Financial-results-2022-Live-Video-Webcast-and-Audio-Conference-for--43182964/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Cenergy S A : Financial results 2022 Live Video Webcast and Audio Conference for...,(marketscreener.com)  Brussels  7 March 2023   Cenergy Holdings S.A. announces that following the publication of its 2022 Financial Results on Wednesday  March 8  2023  the Company will host a Conference on Friday  March 10  2023  at 13:00 Greece local ti…,"Brussels  7 March 2023Cenergy Holdings S.A. (hereinafter ""the Company"") announces that following the publication of its 2022 Financial Results on Wednesday  March 8  2023  the Company will host a Conference on Friday  March 10  2023  at 13:00 Greece local time to present and discuss the Company's Full Year 2022 Financial Results.Participation to the Conference will be available via Live Video Webcast and Audio Conference.The conference call details are presented below:Contact Details: Sofia ZairiChief Investor Relations OfficerTel: +30 210 678 7111  +30 210 678 7773Email: ir@cenergyholdings.comWebsite: www.cenergyholdings.comAbout Cenergy HoldingsCenergy Holdings is a Belgian holding company listed on both Euronext Brussels and Athens Stock Exchange  investing in leading industrial companies  focusing on the growing global demand of energy transfer  renewables and data transmission. The Cenergy Holdings portfolio consists of Hellenic Cables and Corinth Pipeworks  companies positioned at the forefront of their respective high growth sectors. Hellenic Cables is one of the largest cable producers in Europe  manufacturing power and telecom cables as well as submarine cables for the aforementioned sectors. Corinth Pipeworks is a world leader in steel pipe manufacturing for the oil and gas sector and major producer of steel hollow sections for the construction sector. For more information  please visit our website at www.cenergyholdings.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Cenergy S A', 'Live Video Webcast', 'Financial results', 'Audio Conference', 'Chief Investor Relations Officer', 'respective high growth sectors', 'Cenergy Holdings S.A.', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'The Cenergy Holdings portfolio', '13:00 Greece local time', 'Live Video Webcast', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'growing global demand', 'largest cable producers', 'steel pipe manufacturing', 'steel hollow sections', 'leading industrial companies', 'Belgian holding company', 'conference call details', 'Contact Details', 'Sofia Zairi', 'energy transfer', 'data transmission', 'Hellenic Cables', 'Corinth Pipeworks', 'telecom cables', 'submarine cables', 'world leader', 'gas sector', 'major producer', 'construction sector', 'Audio Conference', 'Euronext Brussels', '7 March', 'publication', 'Wednesday', 'Friday', 'Participation', 'Email', 'Website', 'renewables', 'forefront', 'Europe', 'power', 'oil', 'information']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20028,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4115293.html,Accor named Official Accommodation Partner for Dark Mofo 2023,Accor Pacific  Tasmania’s largest hotel operator  has been named the Official Accommodation Partner for Dark Mofo. Returning 8-22 June 2023  Hobart’s midwinter festival - Dark Mofo - is a celebration of the dark through large-scale public art  food ...,"Accor Pacific  Tasmania’s largest hotel operator  has been named the Official Accommodation Partner for Dark Mofo.Returning 8-22 June 2023  Hobart's midwinter festival - Dark Mofo - is a celebration of the dark through large-scale public art  food  music  fire  light  and noise  underpinned by the longest night of any Australian capital city.The festival delves into centuries-old rituals to explore the links between ancient and contemporary mythology  humans and nature  religious and secular traditions  darkness and light  birth  death and renewal.As Dark Mofo's 2023 Official Accommodation Partner  Accor invites guests to explore Hobart across two weeks of thrilling public art  live music  performances and plenty of nocturnal revelry taking place across the city.Don't miss the famous frivolity of the Winter Feast on the waterfront  the Ogoh-Ogoh’s Purging and Burning  two weekends of late-night revelry at Night Mass  and the Nude Solstice Swim which closes the festival — welcoming back the light after the longest night.DarkLab Marketing and Business Director  Drew Berridge  said: ""Dark Mofo is delighted to partner with Accor to provide visitors to nipaluna/Hobart with an array of quality hotels to add to an enjoyable festival experience. As well as hosting our festival artists  Accor hotels will offer scale and options for a range of budgets for our patrons to come and enjoy our city during midwinter. With access to Accor's broad customer base  we will be furthering awareness of Dark Mofo for new audiences to celebrate winter with us.”Accor Pacific CEO  Sarah Derry  said: “We are thrilled to work with Dark Mofo and provide excellent accommodation choices for guests visiting Tasmania. The festival is one of Australia’s most innovative and captivating celebrations of arts and culture  alongside world-class dining. Dark Mofo is a great reason to visit Hobart and explore the rest of Tasmania.”Accor has four hotels in Hobart  including international brands such as Mövenpick  Mantra and ibis Styles.Festival-goers can take advantage of the following rates during the event period  starting from $269* per night…Mantra One Sandy Bay Road Hobart – stay from $269* per nightibis Styles Hobart – stay from $308* per nightMantra on Collins Hobart – stay from $319* per nightMövenpick Hotel Hobart – stay from $325* per nightTo book  visit all.accor.com/darkmofoPlus  join ALL – Accor Live Limitless  the free lifestyle loyalty programme of Accor that goes beyond hotels  to unlock member’s special savings  Reward points  and a range of privileges. Points can be earned on accommodation as well as at thousands of restaurants and bars throughout the Accor network  which can be used to redeem hotel stays and other experiences.*Subject to terms  conditions and hotel availability.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Official Accommodation Partner', 'Dark Mofo', 'Accor', 'Mantra One Sandy Bay Road Hobart', 'Net Zero Carbon emissions', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'free lifestyle loyalty programme', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Mövenpick Hotel Hobart', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'large-scale public art', 'thrilling public art', 'Nude Solstice Swim', 'broad customer base', 'integrated hospitality ecosystems', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'single use plastics', 'largest hotel operator', 'excellent accommodation choices', 'economy hotel brands', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'creative hospitality company', ""hotels' guest experience"", 'global sustainability commitments', '2023 Official Accommodation Partner', 'Australian capital city', 'enjoyable festival experience', 'ibis Styles Hobart', 'Accor Pacific CEO', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'hotel stays', 'hotel availability', 'night Mantra', 'environmental sustainability', 'Collins Hobart', 'global collective', 'global elimination', 'international brands', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'centuries-old rituals', 'contemporary mythology', 'secular traditions', 'two weeks', 'nocturnal revelry', 'famous frivolity', 'two weekends', 'late-night revelry', 'DarkLab Marketing', 'Business Director', 'Drew Berridge', 'quality hotels', 'new audiences', 'Sarah Derry', 'captivating celebrations', 'world-class dining', 'great reason', 'four hotels', 'following rates', 'event period', 'special savings', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'community engagement', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'Dark Mofo', 'accommodation properties', 'festival artists', 'longest night', 'live music', 'Winter Feast', 'Night Mass', 'Reward points', 'other experiences', 'concierge services', '230,000 team members', 'Accor hotels', 'Accor network', 'Accor Live', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'midwinter festival', '5,300 properties', 'Tasmania', 'food', 'fire', 'light', 'noise', 'links', 'ancient', 'humans', 'nature', 'religious', 'darkness', 'birth', 'death', 'renewal', 'guests', 'performances', 'plenty', 'place', 'waterfront', 'Ogoh-Ogoh', 'visitors', 'nipaluna/Hobart', 'array', 'options', 'range', 'budgets', 'patrons', 'access', 'awareness', 'innovative', 'arts', 'culture', 'rest', 'Festival-goers', 'advantage', 'darkmofo', 'privileges', 'thousands', 'bars', 'terms', 'conditions', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'purpose', 'rewards', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,hospitalitynet.org
20029,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4115295.html,Accor Marks International Women’s Day With Commitment To Equality,In celebration of International Women’s Day (IWD) on 8th March 2023  Accor  the region’s largest international hotel operator  has reiterated its long-standing commitment to ensuring gender equality  wage parity and protecting women’s rights in every aspect o…,BANGKOK – In celebration of International Women’s Day (IWD) on 8th March 2023  Accor  the region’s largest international hotel operator  has reiterated its long-standing commitment to ensuring gender equality  wage parity and protecting women’s rights in every aspect of its business.IWD has been marked for over a century  but more work is still required to create a gender equal world  free of bias  stereotypes and discrimination. The theme of this year’s event is #EmbraceEquality – a concept that underscores Accor’s operations and underpins its future strategy and direction.A total of 13 914 Heartists® – Accor’s passionate  inspiring associates – in Southeast Asia  Japan & Korea are women  including many General Managers and senior executives. The Group’s Middle East  Africa & Asia Pacific Executive Committee  under the leadership of CEO Duncan O’Rourke  now features a 50-50 female-male ratio  with Kerry Healy having recently been appointed to the role of Chief Commercial Officer for Premium  Midscale and Economy brands in a vast region that covers 44 countries. Alongside Kerry are Sarah Derry  CEO Pacific  and Shelley Perkins  Senior Vice President of Talent & Culture.Accor has ambitious equality targets  which will see women account for 40% of its global Executive Committee members by 2025 (up from 32% in 2022)  40% of Accor’s General Managers being women by 2025 (compared to 31% at present)  and 45% of female representation on the company’s Management Committees by 2025 (up from 39% in 2022). Today 42% of Accor’s Heartists® around the world are women  although this figure rises to 50% in countries such as Thailand and Vietnam. The company firmly believes that when female employees are empowered to achieve their goals  the entire business thrives.Accor is dedicated to protecting women’s rights and promotes a range of standards including equal pay between genders  strong representation of women in leadership positions  and enhancing education around gender-based violence  sexism and harassment in the workplace. In 2018  Accor launched RiiSE  an internal network dedicated to promoting diversity  sharing knowledge and combatting stereotypes  which focuses on the promotion of female talent into positions of responsibility.To mark IWD 2023  Accor is celebrating its female Heartists® with DiscovHER  a collection of personal stories from women at every level of the company  all around the world. From 6-10 March 2023  a series of DiscovHER podcasts will profile some of Accor’s most inspiring women. Listeners can hear how Amery Burleigh  General Manager of Rixos Premium Seagate in Egypt  has successfully worked with different cultures in diverse regions  from the Americas to the Middle East; learn how Christine Choquel  Accor’s Deputy Group Chief Technology Officer  stepped out of her comfort zone and was enabled to follow her dreams by joining the “Women Up” leadership program; and discover how Isabel Chung  Executive Chef of Fairmont Orchid Hawaii  expresses her personality through her cooking and encourages other women to succeed. These podcasts will be available on the Group’s corporate website and Accor’s social network channels.“Accor believes in building a workplace where women can thrive. The reality is that even in 2023 – over 100 years since International Women’s Day was founded – the world still has not achieved gender equality. Diverse workplaces with strong female executive representation are instrumental to shaping the culture of companies for the better. At Accor  we are dedicated to ensuring every woman has the opportunity to enjoy a successful  rewarding hospitality career ” said Garth Simmons  Chief Executive of Accor  Southeast Asia  Japan & South Korea.For more information about Accor  please visit group.accor.com.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.21,0.44,True,English,"['International Women', 'Accor', 'Day', 'Commitment', 'Equality', 'Deputy Group Chief Technology Officer', 'Net Zero Carbon emissions', 'successful, rewarding hospitality career', 'CEO Duncan O’Rourke', 'largest international hotel operator', 'Asia Pacific Executive Committee', 'global Executive Committee members', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Women Up” leadership program', 'strong female executive representation', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'comprehensive loyalty program', '50-50 female-male ratio', 'Rixos Premium Seagate', 'Fairmont Orchid Hawaii', 'single use plastics', 'global sustainability commitments', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'passionate, inspiring associates', 'Senior Vice President', 'social network channels', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'ambitious equality targets', 'economy hotel brands', 'Middle East, Africa', 'many General Managers', 'creative hospitality company', 'gender equal world', 'Chief Executive', 'CEO Pacific', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'strong representation', 'Executive Chef', 'female representation', 'Economy brands', 'global collective', 'global elimination', 'gender equality', 'Southeast Asia', 'senior executives', 'equal pay', 'internal network', 'The Group', 'female employees', '230,000 team members', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'International Women', '8th March', 'long-standing commitment', 'wage parity', 'a century', 'future strategy', 'Sarah Derry', 'Shelley Perkins', 'Management Committees', 'gender-based violence', 'personal stories', '6-10 March', 'inspiring women', 'Amery Burleigh', 'different cultures', 'Christine Choquel', 'comfort zone', 'Isabel Chung', 'corporate website', 'Garth Simmons', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'female talent', 'leadership positions', 'female Heartists', 'diverse regions', 'Diverse workplaces', 'Kerry Healy', 'vast region', 'entire business', 'other women', 'South Korea', 'accommodation properties', 'concierge services', 'Accor Live', 'DiscovHER podcasts', '5,300 properties', '13,914 Heartists®', 'BANGKOK', 'celebration', 'Day', 'IWD', 'rights', 'aspect', 'bias', 'stereotypes', 'discrimination', 'theme', 'year', 'event', 'concept', 'operations', 'direction', 'total', 'Japan', 'role', 'Midscale', '44 countries', 'figure', 'Thailand', 'Vietnam', 'goals', 'range', 'standards', 'genders', 'education', 'sexism', 'harassment', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'knowledge', 'promotion', 'responsibility', 'collection', 'level', 'series', 'Listeners', 'Egypt', 'Americas', 'dreams', 'personality', 'cooking', 'reality', 'companies', 'woman', 'opportunity', 'information', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'industry', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'experiences', '2022', '2023']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,hospitalitynet.org
20030,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-dupixent-dupilumab-application-060000748.html,Press Release: Dupixent® (dupilumab) application for treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in adults and adolescents accepted for FDA review,Dupixent® (dupilumab) application for treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in adults and adolescents accepted for FDA review More than 300 000...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeDupixent® (dupilumab) application for treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in adults and adolescents accepted for FDA reviewMore than 300 000 people in the U.S. suffer from CSU that is inadequately controlled by antihistaminesParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. March 7  2023. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted  for review  the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) that is not adequately controlled with the current standard of care  H1 antihistamine treatment. The target action date for the FDA decision is October 22  2023.CSU is an inflammatory skin condition driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and swelling on the skin. Swelling  called angioedema  may occur most commonly on the face  hands and feet  but can also affect the throat and upper airways. CSU is typically treated with H1 antihistamines  medicines that target histamine-1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled in up to 50% of patients  who are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms  including persistent itch or burning sensations that can be debilitating and significantly impact quality of life.The sBLA is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials (LIBERTY-CUPID Studies A and B)  evaluating Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU. Study A was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines with efficacy and safety data supporting the submission  while Study B was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines and refractory to omalizumab with results providing additional supporting data.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.Story continuesAbout the CSU Clinical Trial ProgramThe clinical trial program  known as LIBERTY-CUPID  includes Studies A and B  two Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU. Study A evaluated Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone in 138 patients with CSU aged 6 years and older who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. Study B evaluated Dupixent in 108 patients with CSU aged 12 to 80 years who remained symptomatic despite standard-of-care treatment and were intolerant or incomplete responders to omalizumab.In addition to CSU  Sanofi and Regeneron are also studying Dupixent in chronic inducible urticaria triggered by cold (LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program) in an ongoing Phase 3 trial.About DupixentDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the IL-4 and IL-13 pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  CSU  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center®  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYSanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsTammy Allen | + 1 914 306 2698 | tammy.allen@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and children aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of CSU (including potential approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration based on the supplemental Biologics License Application discussed in this press release)  pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.09,0.23,0.68,True,English,"['chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'Press Release', 'dupilumab) application', 'FDA review', 'Dupixent®', 'treatment', 'CSU', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'two Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials', 'two different patient populations', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'The U.S. Food', 'CSU Clinical Trial Program', 'The Dupixent development program', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'different age populations', 'ongoing Phase 3 trial', 'LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'global collaboration agreement', 'other allergic processes', 'allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis', 'chronic inducible urticaria-cold', 'significant clinical benefit', 'allergic fungal rhinosinusitis', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'target action date', 'additional supporting data', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'various chronic diseases', 'H1 antihistamine treatment', 'clinical development', '60 clinical trials', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'chronic pruritus', 'clinical investigation', 'antihistamine use', 'Aventis Groupe', 'N.Y.', 'Drug Administration', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'upper airways', 'H1 antihistamines', 'histamine-1 receptors', 'persistent itch', 'burning sensations', 'regulatory authority', 'Studies A', 'to 80 years', 'incomplete responders', 'IL-13 pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'broad range', 'atopic hand', 'foot dermatitis', 'unknown origin', 'bullous pemphigoid', 'potential uses', 'Study A', 'Study B', 'morbid diseases', 'FDA decision', 'current standard', 'skin condition', 'LIBERTY-CUPID Studies', 'uncontrolled CSU', 'pediatric EoE', 'safety data', 'FDA review', 'care antihistamines', 'CSU patients', '138 patients', '108 patients', '500,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'Dupixent®', 'Sanofi', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'More', '300,000 people', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'sBLA', 'October', 'part', 'sudden', 'swelling', 'face', 'hands', 'feet', 'throat', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'life', 'efficacy', 'submission', 'refractory', 'omalizumab', 'results', 'Story', 'therapy', 'Regeneron', 'signaling', 'IL-4', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'key', 'indications', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'one', 'countries', 'world', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'evidence', 'conditions']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20031,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/03/07/markets-rocked-as-fed-warns-it-could-switch-back-to-bigger-rate-rises/,Markets rocked as Fed warns it could switch back to bigger rate rises,Euronext Dublin remained largely out of the fray  outperforming international peers as it finished the day up 0.2%,In testimony before the US Congress  Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell struck a more hawkish tone than investors expectedA hawkish warning on Tuesday from Federal Reserve chairman Jerome Powell that the US central bank could speed up interest rate hikes upended recent thinking that inflation would be tamed with more modest measures and set the cat among the pigeons on Wall Street.DublinEuronext Dublin remained largely out of the fray  outperforming international peers as it finished the day up 0.2 per cent.Among the bigger hitters  Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment finished the day up 1.5 per cent  while building materials giant CRH was up 0.5 per cent.Bank of Ireland finished the day up 2.5 per cent after it hiked its medium-term profitability target after reporting solid results for 2022. It also proposed an increase in cash returns to shareholders through dividends and stock buy-backs.READ MORE“They’ve had a fantastic run over the past while  and the numbers were well received ” noted a trader. “Volumes were fairly light across the board  so that one stood out.” Also among the banks  AIB was up about 1 per cent ahead of results on Wednesday.Elsewhere  Dalata – the biggest hotel operator in the State – finished the day up 2 per cent  while budget airline Ryanair was down 1.5 per cent at close of business after trading flat or slightly up for most of the day.LondonThe FTSE 100 trod water as sterling hit its lowest point against the dollar in two months.The index of London’s top companies ended the day down 0.1 per cent. It came as steep falls for some of the country’s miners – including Fresnillo  which dropped 6.8 per cent – were offset by some of the biggest financial institutions.In company news  Greggs shares dipped 1.4 per cent despite the high-street baker chain posting higher sales and confirming plans to open a raft of new sites.Elsewhere  Wood Group gained again as the engineering business received a fourth takeover offer from private-equity firm Apollo. Wood told investors it may reject the roughly £1.6 billion (€1.8 billion) takeover move  helping its shares lift 12.8 per cent.Estate agency group Foxtons closed higher after it cashed in on soaring rental prices  although the firm cautioned over a more challenging year ahead as higher interest rates are set to rein in housing sales. It was up 2.2 per cent at the end of Tuesday’s session.Online fashion firm In The Style saw its calamitous stock market listing brought an end on Tuesday after agreeing to a £1.2 million sale to avoid insolvency. The retailer saw shares dive 78.6 per cent after the sale.The biggest risers in the FTSE 100 were Melrose Industries  up 6.05p at 162.95p; Ashtead Group  up 128p at 5 874p; Beazley  up 12.5p at 623p; Flutter Entertainment  up 275p at 14 250p; and Rentokil  up 8.6p at 520p.The biggest fallers were Fresnillo  down 52p at 708.4p; Ocado Group  down 24.8p at 505p; Glencore  down 23p at 479.5p; Endeavour Mining  down 58p at 1 685p; and Antofagasta  down 47.5p at 1 591p.EuropeEuropean shares extended their losses after Powell’s prepared remarks. The pan-European Stoxx 600 index lost 0.6 per cent and MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.72 per cent.In Germany the Dax index closed down 0.6 per cent  while in Paris the Cac 40 dropped 0.5 per cent.New YorkUS stocks retreated and benchmark Treasury yields wavered after Powell commenced his semi-annual  two-day monetary policy testimony before Congress.All three major US stock indexes were languid in early trading before Powell’s remarks were released as he sat down to testify before the Senate banking committee.But they headed sharply lower and Treasury yields reversed an early dip after Powell struck a more hawkish tone than investors expected  stoking speculation the central bank could raise interest rates higher – and keep them there longer – than market participants might have anticipated.The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.54 per cent; the S&P 500 lost 0.61 per cent; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.39 per cent. – Additional reporting: agencies,negative,0.29,0.11,0.61,mixed,0.14,0.23,0.63,True,English,"['bigger rate rises', 'Markets', 'Fed', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment', 'semi-annual, two-day monetary policy testimony', 'The Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'three major US stock indexes', 'Federal Reserve chairman Jerome Powell', 'calamitous stock market listing', 'materials giant CRH', 'medium-term profitability target', 'budget airline Ryanair', 'high-street baker chain', 'fourth takeover offer', 'soaring rental prices', 'Senate banking committee', 'interest rate hikes', 'biggest hotel operator', 'biggest financial institutions', 'Estate agency group', 'Online fashion firm', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'benchmark Treasury yields', 'higher interest rates', 'US central bank', 'stock buy-backs', 'market participants', 'US Congress', 'higher sales', 'The Style', 'biggest risers', 'biggest fallers', 'US stocks', 'Ashtead Group', 'Ocado Group', 'recent thinking', 'modest measures', 'Wall Street', 'international peers', 'bigger hitters', 'cash returns', 'fantastic run', 'The FTSE 100', 'lowest point', 'two months', 'top companies', 'steep falls', 'company news', 'new sites', 'private-equity firm', 'challenging year', 'housing sales', 'Melrose Industries', 'Endeavour Mining', 'Dax index', 'New York', 'early trading', 'early dip', 'S&P 500', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Additional reporting', 'Wood Group', 'Euronext Dublin', 'solid results', 'Greggs shares', 'engineering business', '£1.2 million sale', 'European shares', 'prepared remarks', 'tone', 'investors', 'warning', 'Tuesday', 'inflation', 'cat', 'pigeons', 'fray', 'Ireland', 'increase', 'shareholders', 'dividends', 'READ', 'past', 'numbers', 'trader', 'Volumes', 'board', 'banks', 'AIB', 'Wednesday', 'Dalata', 'close', 'London', 'water', 'sterling', 'dollar', 'country', 'miners', 'Fresnillo', 'plans', 'raft', 'Apollo', '£1.6 billion', 'Foxtons', 'session', 'insolvency', 'retailer', 'Beazley', 'Rentokil', '520p', '505p', 'Glencore', 'Antofagasta', 'losses', 'MSCI', 'gauge', 'globe', 'Germany', 'Paris', 'Cac', 'speculation', 'agencies', '12.', '70', '0.6', '72']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,irishtimes.com
20032,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-update-on-share-buy-back-programme-28-February-2023-ndash-6-March-2023-43176064/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 28 February 2023 – 6 March 2023,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  7 March 2023 In the period from 28 February 2023 until 6 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 19 392 of its own shares . The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.60 per …,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  7 March 2023In the period from 28 February 2023 until 6 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 19 392 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.60 per share for a total amount of €535 226.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 62 710.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'February', '6 March', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '7 March', 'period', '28 February', '6 March', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'mediarelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20033,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LATECOERE-5010/news/Latecoere-Inside-Information-Operations-of-the-issuer-acquisitions-sales--43177383/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Latecoere : Inside Information / Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  sales...),(marketscreener.com)   Toulouse  March 7  2023   Sale of Latecoere's Electrical Wiring and Interconnection   Systems business in Querétaro to Bombardier   Latecoere  a tier 1 partner to major international aircraft manufacturers  announces today th…,"Toulouse  March 7  2023Sale of Latecoere's Electrical Wiring and InterconnectionSystems business in Querétaro (Mexico) to BombardierLatecoere  a tier 1 partner to major international aircraft manufacturers  announces today that  in the best interest of both Bombardier and Latecoere  it has entered into an agreement whereby Bombardier will purchase the Electrical Wiring and Interconnection Systems (EWIS) business in Querétaro  Mexico.Bombardier will remain an integral customer of the Latecoere Group in North America and Latecoere will continue to develop its own EWIS activities from Hermosillo  Mexico  within its co-located aerostructures and wiring site  where it can better leverage its dual aerostructures and EWIS capabilities to meet the growing requirements of its expanding North and South American aerospace client base.The closing of this transaction is targeted for Q2 2023  subject to satisfaction of customary conditions for a transaction of this nature.In parallel  Latecoere informs that it has entered into discussions with its stakeholders including its lenders  with a view to enhancing the Group's overall capital structure in relation to its current loans and PGEs (Prêts Garantis par l'Etat)  so as to better position itself to face the post COVID economy  including supply chain and inflationary disruptions.Latecoere will update the market on its progress with the discussions with its stakeholders in due course.________________________________________________________About LatecoereAs an international group and ""Tier 1"" partner of the world's leading aircraft and spacecraft manufacturers (Airbus  Boeing  Bombardier  Dassault Aviation  Embraer  Lockheed Martin)  Latecoere serves the aerospace sector with innovative solutions for a sustainable world. The Group operates in all segments of the aerospace industry (commercial  regional  business and military aircraft)  in two business areas:Aerostructures (46% of sales): fuselage sections and doors.Interconnection Systems (54% of sales): wiring  electrical furniture and onboard equipment.As of December 31  2021  the Group employed 4 764 people in 14 countries. Latecoere  a public limited company with a capital of €133 912 589.25 divided into 535 650 357 shares with a par value of €0.25  is listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment B  ISIN Code: FR0000032278 - Reuters: AEP.PA - Bloomberg: AT.FPContactThierry Mahé - Group Communication Director LatecoereGroupCommunication@latecoere.aero+33561587784",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.29,0.31,True,English,"['Inside Information', 'Latecoere', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'sales', 'South American aerospace client base', 'major international aircraft manufacturers', 'Prêts Garantis', 'post COVID economy', 'public limited company', 'AT.FP Contact', 'commercial, regional, business', 'two business areas', 'overall capital structure', 'Group Communication Director', 'Interconnection Systems business', 'spacecraft manufacturers', 'aerospace sector', 'aerospace industry', 'international group', 'EWIS) business', 'leading aircraft', 'military aircraft', 'Querétaro', 'tier 1 partner', 'best interest', 'integral customer', 'North America', 'EWIS activities', 'EWIS capabilities', 'growing requirements', 'expanding North', 'customary conditions', 'current loans', 'supply chain', 'inflationary disruptions', 'due course', 'Tier 1"" partner', 'Dassault Aviation', 'Lockheed Martin', 'innovative solutions', 'fuselage sections', 'electrical furniture', 'onboard equipment', 'par value', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment B', 'ISIN Code', 'Thierry Mahé', 'The Group', 'Electrical Wiring', 'wiring site', 'sustainable world', 'dual aerostructures', 'Latecoere Group', 'Toulouse', 'March', 'Sale', 'Mexico', 'Bombardier', 'agreement', 'Hermosillo', 'closing', 'transaction', 'Q2', 'satisfaction', 'nature', 'parallel', 'discussions', 'stakeholders', 'lenders', 'view', 'relation', 'PGEs', 'Etat', 'market', 'progress', 'Airbus', 'Boeing', 'Embraer', 'segments', 'doors', 'December', '4,764 people', '14 countries', '535,650,357 shares', 'Reuters', 'AEP', 'Bloomberg', 'LatecoereGroupCommunication']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20034,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-confirms-revised-timing-for-effectiveness-of-ratio-change-under-its-American-Depositary-Receipt-43182178/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,VEON confirms revised timing for effectiveness of ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) program,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  Netherlands  7 March 2023 16:30 CET: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today provides an update on the timing of the ratio change under the Company’s ADR program  pr…,Amsterdam  Netherlands  7 March 2023 16:30 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or the “Company”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today provides an update on the timing of the ratio change under the Company’s ADR program  previously announced on 6 February 2023 and originally planned to become effective on 6 March 2023 (the “Ratio Change”). As announced on 6 March 2023  the Company was informed late afternoon on Friday  3 March 2023 by BNY Mellon that the ratio change effectiveness had been postponed as The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”) was not prepared to make the new CUSIP reflecting the new ratio available on Monday  6 March 2023 as scheduled. DTCC has now confirmed the availability of the new CUSIP  and the effective date of the Ratio Change (the “Effective Date”) is now confirmed as 8 March 2023.As previously announced with respect to the Ratio Change  as of the Effective Date  record holders who directly hold ADRs will be required to exchange their existing ADRs for new ADRs on the basis of one (1) new ADR for every twenty-five (25) existing ADRs surrendered. The Depositary will contact ADR holders and arrange for the exchange of their existing ADRs for new ADRs. American Depositary Share (“ADS”) beneficial holders who hold through an ADR holder intermediary need not take any action in connection with the Ratio Change.For ADS holders  the Ratio Change will have the same effect as a one for twenty five reverse ADS split. No new VEON common shares will be issued in connection with the Ratio Change and the ADSs will continue to be traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “VEON.”As a result of the Ratio Change  the trading price of the Company’s ADSs is expected to automatically increase proportionally  but the Company can give no assurance that the ADS trading price following the Ratio Change will be at least equal to the ADS trading price before the Ratio Change multiplied by the new 25:1 ratio. As VEON announced previously on 5 October 2022  the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Market granted VEON an additional grace period through 3 April 2023 to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq’s Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Minimum Bid Price”). While the Ratio Change is intended to bring the bid price of the Company’s ADSs into compliance with the Minimum Bid Price  the Company can give no assurance that the Ratio Change will be effective in achieving this goal.The Company’s original announcement with respect to the ratio change can be found on the Company’s website at this address:https://www.veon.com/media/media-releases/2023/veon-announces-ratio-change-under-its-american-depositary-receipt-adr-program/About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Important NoticeElements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding the ADR ratio change. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws and except as set forth above  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['American Depositary Receipt', 'revised timing', 'ratio change', 'VEON', 'effectiveness', 'ADR', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'five reverse ADS split', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'new VEON common shares', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'global digital operator', 'additional grace period', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'The Depository Trust', 'ADR holder intermediary', 'American Depositary Share', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'The Nasdaq Market', 'ADS trading price', 'one (1) new ADR', 'twenty-five (25) existing ADRs', 'ratio change effectiveness', 'ADR ratio change', 'The Depositary', 'ADR holders', 'ADS holders', 'Listing Rule', 'new CUSIP', 'new ratio', 'new ADRs', 'new 25:1 ratio', 'ADR program', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'BNY Mellon', 'Clearing Corporation', 'record holders', 'beneficial holders', 'same effect', 'original announcement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'The Company', 'effective date', 'inside information', 'unanticipated events', 'VEON Ltd', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Netherlands', 'CET', 'update', 'timing', '6 February', '6 March', 'afternoon', 'Friday', 'DTCC', 'Monday', 'availability', '8 March', 'respect', 'basis', 'action', 'connection', 'ADSs', 'symbol', 'result', 'assurance', '5 October', '3 April', 'compliance', 'goal', 'website', 'address', 'media-releases', 'american-depositary-receipt', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'forward', 'circumstances', '7']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20035,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYBRID-SOFTWARE-GROUP-PLC-27862552/news/Hybrid-Software-Meteor-builds-upon-Ricoh-alliance-with-support-for-TH6310F-printhead-43180001/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Hybrid Software : Meteor builds upon Ricoh alliance with support for TH6310F printhead,(marketscreener.com)   Meteor Inkjet Ltd  leading supplier of electronics  software  tools and services for industrial inkjet  further expands its product portfolio with drive electronics and software for Ricoh's TH6310F industrial inkjet printhead.   Th…,"Meteor Inkjet Ltd  leading supplier of electronics  software  tools and services for industrial inkjet  further expands its product portfolio with drive electronics and software for Ricoh's TH6310F industrial inkjet printhead.The TH6310F is Ricoh's latest printhead to use highly-integrated MEMS technology  enabling precise jetting even with a large gap. Compatible with aqueous  UV and solvent inks  and incorporating a unique ink recirculation system  the TH6310F is ideal for single-pass packaging and textile applications  as well as high-end scanning systems requiring many printheads.Meteor's HDC-2R26 drive electronics for the TH6310F are easily scalable to systems of any size and  coupled with Meteor's comprehensive software  OEMs can significantly reduce the effort and risk associated with the design and delivery of industrial inkjet printers. The HDC-2R26 fully supports the new Dual VCOM capability offered by the TH6310F printhead  allowing the selection of two different printhead drive waveforms per nozzle. This feature delivers superior jetting frequency and print productivity by shortening the drive cycle. Also available for the TH6310F are Meteor's DropWatching System and printhead waveform development services  essential tools to accelerate time to market for new inkjet applications.Jonathan Wilson  Meteor's Vice President of Business Development comments  ""Meteor electronics and software have been driving Ricoh printheads since 2011 and we are proud to add the TH6310F to our line-up. Among many benefits  our ability to manage multiple printhead waveforms per nozzle means that Meteor solutions allow OEMs to take advantage of all that the TH6310F printheads have to offer.""Graham Kennedy  Ricoh's Director of Industrial Print Solutions adds  ""Ricoh is delighted that Meteor is supporting the TH6310F. Meteor drive electronics provide the easiest and most reliable way for OEMs to unlock the potential of these printheads.""Meet with Meteor to discuss solutions to drive the Ricoh TH6310F at InPrint in Munich  14-16 March (Meteor stand 2420).About Meteor InkjetHeadquartered in Cambridge UK  Meteor Inkjet Ltd (www.meteorinkjet.com) is the world's leading independent supplier of industrial inkjet electronics  software  tools and services. Known for technical expertise and innovation  Meteor is trusted by printhead manufacturers and print system builders alike. Meteor is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG)  a leading developer of enterprise software for industrial print manufacturingContactTracey BrownVice President of Strategy & MarketingMeteor Inkjet Ltd+44 34 584 40012marketing@meteorinkjet.com",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,positive,0.65,0.34,0.0,True,English,"['Hybrid Software', 'Ricoh alliance', 'TH6310F printhead', 'Meteor', 'support', 'two different printhead drive waveforms', 'new Dual VCOM capability', 'unique ink recirculation system', 'industrial print manufacturing Contact', 'Tracey Brown Vice President', 'Hybrid Software Group PLC', 'printhead waveform development services', 'TH6310F industrial inkjet printhead', 'multiple printhead waveforms', 'Business Development comments', 'industrial inkjet printers', 'print system builders', 'new inkjet applications', 'superior jetting frequency', 'industrial inkjet electronics', 'Industrial Print Solutions', 'high-end scanning systems', 'leading independent supplier', 'Meteor Inkjet Ltd', 'HDC-2R26 drive electronics', 'Meteor drive electronics', 'latest printhead', 'printhead manufacturers', 'print productivity', 'DropWatching System', 'TH6310F printhead', 'leading supplier', 'drive cycle', 'precise jetting', 'textile applications', 'The HDC-2R26', 'leading developer', 'product portfolio', 'MEMS technology', 'large gap', 'aqueous, UV', 'solvent inks', 'single-pass packaging', 'Jonathan Wilson', 'many benefits', 'Graham Kennedy', 'reliable way', 'Cambridge UK', 'technical expertise', 'owned subsidiary', 'Meteor electronics', 'many printheads', 'Meteor solutions', 'Meteor stand', 'comprehensive software', 'enterprise software', 'The TH6310F', 'essential tools', 'Ricoh printheads', 'Ricoh TH6310F', 'TH6310F.', 'size', 'OEMs', 'effort', 'risk', 'design', 'delivery', 'selection', 'nozzle', 'feature', 'time', 'market', 'line-up', 'advantage', 'Director', 'easiest', 'potential', 'InPrint', 'Munich', 'March', 'world', 'innovation', 'Euronext', 'HYSG', 'Strategy']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20036,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2621702/0/en/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-update-on-share-buy-back-programme-28-February-2023-6-March-2023.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 28 February 2023 – 6 March 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  7 March 2023    In the period from 28 February 2023 until 6 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased......,English DutchAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  7 March 2023In the period from 28 February 2023 until 6 March 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 19 392 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €27.60 per share for a total amount of €535 226.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 62 710.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'February', '6 March', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'English Dutch', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', 'March', 'period', '28 February', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'mediarelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
20037,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dupixent-dupilumab-application-treatment-chronic-060000208.html,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Application for Treatment of Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria (CSU) in Adults and Adolescents Aged 12 Years and Older Accepted for FDA Review,More than 300 000 people in the U.S. suffer from CSU that is inadequately controlled by antihistaminesTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  March 07  2023 (GLOBE...,Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc.More than 300 000 people in the U.S. suffer from CSU that is inadequately controlled by antihistaminesTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  March 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) that is not adequately controlled with the current standard of care  H1 antihistamine treatment. The target action date for the FDA decision is October 22  2023.CSU is an inflammatory skin condition driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and swelling on the skin. Swelling  called angioedema  may occur most commonly on the face  hands and feet  but can also affect the throat and upper airways. CSU is typically treated with H1 antihistamines  medicines that target histamine-1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled in up to 50% of patients  who are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms  including persistent itch or burning sensations that can be debilitating and significantly impact quality of life.The sBLA is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials (LIBERTY-CUPID Studies A and B) evaluating Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU. Study A was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines with efficacy and safety data supporting the submission  while Study B was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines and refractory to omalizumab with results providing additional supporting data.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.Story continuesAbout the CSU Clinical Trial ProgramThe clinical trial program  known as LIBERTY-CUPID  includes Studies A and B  two Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU.Study A evaluated Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone in 138 patients with CSU aged 6 years and older who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. Study B evaluated Dupixent in 108 patients with CSU aged 12 to 80 years who remained symptomatic despite standard-of-care treatment and were intolerant or incomplete responders to omalizumab.In addition to CSU  Regeneron and Sanofi are also studying Dupixent in chronic inducible urticaria triggered by cold (LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program) in an ongoing Phase 3 trial.About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the IL-4 and IL-13 pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.About Regeneron’s VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron’s VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron’s President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies currently available. This includes Dupixent  REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab  and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  CSU  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older  who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg)  with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 12 years of age and who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR U.S. PATIENTSDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:Allergic r ea c t i on s. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Eye pr ob l e m s. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Inflammation o f y ou r b l oo d v e ss e l s. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema : injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).Asthma : injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.Chronic R h i no s i nu s i t i s w i th N a s a l P o ly po s i s: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away.These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center®  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and children aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of CSU (including potential approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration based on the supplemental Biologics License Application discussed in this press release)  pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Contacts:Media RelationsTammy AllenTel: +1 914-306-2698Tammy.Allen@regeneron.comInvestor RelationsVesna TosicTel: +1 914-847-5443Vesna.Tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Contacts:Media RelationsSally BainTel: +1 617-834-6026Sally.Bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-JansenTel: +33 7 86 80 56 39Eva.Schaefer-Jansen@sanofi.comArnaud DelepineTel: +33 (0)6 73 69 36 93Arnaud.Delepine@sanofi.comCorentine DriancourtTel: +33 (0)6 40 56 92Corentine.Driancourt@sanofi.comFelix LauscherTel: +1 908-612-7239Felix.Lauscher@sanofi.comTarik ElgoutniTel: +1 617-710-3587Tarik.Elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie PhamTel: +33 (0)7 85 93 30 17Nathalie.Pham@sanofi.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria', 'FDA Review', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'Application', 'Treatment', 'CSU', 'Adults', 'Adolescents', 'two Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'two different patient populations', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'fully human monoclonal antibodies', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'CSU Clinical Trial Program', 'different age populations', 'The Dupixent development program', 'ongoing Phase 3 trial', 'LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'target action date', 'significant clinical benefit', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Frederick W. Alt', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'related VelociSuite® technologies', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'additional supporting data', 'chronic inducible urticaria', 'H1 antihistamine treatment', 'U.S. Food', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'clinical development', 'human antibodies', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'care treatment', 'multiple related', 'Dr. Yancopoulos', 'VelocImmune Technology', 'antihistamine use', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Drug Administration', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'upper airways', 'H1 antihistamines', 'histamine-1 receptors', 'persistent itch', 'burning sensations', 'regulatory authority', 'Studies A', 'to 80 years', 'incomplete responders', 'IL-13 pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'mouse platform', 'immune system', 'graduate student', 'humanized mouse', 'substantial proportion', 'original, FDA-approved', 'Study A', 'Study B', 'potential use', 'uncontrolled CSU', 'current standard', 'FDA decision', 'skin condition', 'LIBERTY-CUPID Studies', 'morbid diseases', 'safety data', 'care antihistamines', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'CSU patients', '138 patients', '108 patients', '500,000 patients', 'Dupixent®', 'More', '300,000 people', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'October', 'part', 'sudden', 'swelling', 'face', 'hands', 'feet', 'throat', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'life', 'sBLA', 'efficacy', 'submission', 'refractory', 'omalizumab', 'results', 'Story', 'therapy', 'cold', 'signaling', 'IL-4', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'key', 'indications', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'EoE', 'one', 'countries', 'world', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'President', 'mentor', 'decades', 'team', 'REGEN-COV®', 'casirivimab', 'imdevimab', 'Libtayo®', 'Praluent', 'alirocumab', 'Kevzara', 'sarilumab', 'Evkeeza', 'Inmazeb', 'atoltivimab', 'maftivimab']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20038,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcphy-2022-annual-results-accelerated-171500119.html,McPhy 2022 Annual Results Accelerated Investment and Solid Cash Position,Press release Annual revenue of €16.1 million  driven by strong growth of +37% in the second half of the yearIncrease in the backlog1 to €30.6 million  i.e. ...,"MCPHY ENERGY SAPress releaseAnnual revenue of €16.1 million  driven by strong growth of +37% in the second half of the yearIncrease in the backlog 1 to €30.6 million  i.e. a growth of +51% generated by strong firm order intake in 2022EBITDA of €(36.8) million within the expected rangeNet result of €(38.2) million  benefiting from a positive financial resultCash position of €135.5 million as of 31 December 2022 enabling growth fundingGrenoble  March 7  2023 - 5:45 pm CET - McPhy Energy  specialized in low-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  today announces its consolidated results for the financial year 2022  ended December 31  approved today by the Company's Board of Directors2.Simplified P&L3(€ million) 2022 2021 Change Revenue 16.1 13.1 +22% Other operating income 1.9 1.5 +27% Income from Operating Activities 17.9 14.6 +23% Purchases consumed (15.9) (10.5) +51% Personal costs (17.7) (11.6) +52% External costs (21.1) (8.0) +169% EBITDA (36.8) (15.5) Depreciation  amortization and net provisions (1.6) (8.0) (81%) Operating Income (EBIT) (38.4) (23.5) Financial Result 0.4 (0.1) n.s. Income Tax (0.1) (0.0) n.s. Net Result (38.2) (23.6)Jean-Baptiste Lucas  CEO of McPhy  states: ""In 2022  McPhy has achieved several key milestones towards its industrial scale-up in a market context displaying the first signs of acceleration. Indeed  large-scale projects have materialized and will certainly expand in the coming years to reach the carbon neutrality objectives set by the French government and European institutions. To meet this challenge  we have significantly increased the production capacity of our two product lines. Small and medium-capacity electrolyzers on the San Miniato site  which is now automated for mass production. Large-capacity electrolyzers through the start of construction of our Gigafactory in Belfort. As for the refueling stations  we are now located in Grenoble in a new factory which will enable us to produce 150 hydrogen distribution stations per year over time. This site brings together all our teams and is now the company's headquarters. From a commercial perspective  McPhy has recorded at the end of the year a first major contract in the industry with one of the world's largest steel manufacturers. This project confirms the tremendous potential of low-carbon hydrogen in manufacturing applications. We now have two challenges to meet: accelerating our commercial penetration and pursuing the industrialization of mass production of reliable and competitive high-capacity equipment. To achieve such objectives  our roadmap is based on two priorities: the continuation of our industrialization phase and the development of our technological enhancements. In this respect  we can count on accelerated market growth  a solid balance sheet and the support of our partners. All these elements are assets to achieve McPhy's ambition to play a leading role in the future of low-carbon hydrogen”.Story continuesReturn to sustained sales growth in 2022 and strong order intakeRevenue for fiscal year 2022 increase by 22%  compare to 2021  to €16.1 million. Restated for the takeover of two old generation stations sold during previous years (which amount deducted from the revenue of the first half of the year)  revenue would be €18.3 million compared to €13.1 million in 2021  i.e. a growth of +39%. This return to growth primarily results from the execution of the first orders under the major contracts signed over the past years. Sales are split between the supply of large capacity electrolyzers from the McLyzer and Piel range (68%) and the supply of stations (32%).In addition  McPhy recorded a strong growth of +53% in firm order intake to €29.4 million  bringing the order backlog to €30.6 million as of December 31  2022  up +51% compared to December 31  2021.As of 31 December 2022  McPhy had a portfolio of projects signed  commissioned and/or under execution representing a cumulative 45 MW for the supply of electrolyzers and 40 stations.The Group has furthermore been identified as a preferred partner and/or selected as a supplier for a total capacity of 148 MW and 56 stations  bringing its portfolio of opportunities to 193 MW for the supply of electrolyzers and 96 for the supply of stations.Operating result reflecting growth investmentsIn fiscal year 2022  to support the expected growth in its business  the Group has continued its development strategy. This has resulted in an increase in current expenses linked to :the structuring of the teams and active recruitment plan;innovation and R&D expenditure related to the improvement of current products and the development of its new ranges of electrolyzers and stations;the strengthening of its engineering resources for the executionof customer projects.In this context  personnel expenses increased by approximately €6 million in 2022  as a result of the recruitment of 85 new employees  and reached €17.7 million. Other external expenses amounted to €21.1 million  a significant increase due to the Group's commitment to structuring and enhancing its industrial  engineering and R&D activities (subcontracting services  prospection costs  technical expertise).EBITDA  which includes for an amount of €1.6 million the share of IPCEI grant4 applicable to the eligible expenses over the period  stands at €(36.8) million and is within the range announced at the time of the annual revenue publication.The Operating result is €(38.4) million  with no significant difference to EBITDA  unlike the previous year. This is explained by changes in provisions related to the Energiedienst incident in 2021  including a reversal with utilization of €2.6 million in 2022 (prior year accrual was €4.5 million): restated for these items  net provisions are comparable year-on-year.Taking into account a positive financial result  the Net Result standsat €(38.2) million  compared to €(23.6) million in 2021.Solid cash position as of December 31  2022Net cash consumption was €(41.7) million in fiscal year 2022  including:cash flow from operating activities of €(43.7) million (excluding the IPCEI4 operating grant)  due to the change in EBITDA and a €(7.8) million change in working capital requirements;this net working capital requirement is explained by the sustained growth and the increase in inventories  due to the anticipated procurement of some critical components;the initial payment of the IPCEI4 public aid for an amount of €26.9 million  including the €1.6 million deduction for the share taken to the profit and loss statement;the investments necessary for the Group’s scale-up amounting to €(13.1) million  of which €(7.7) million dedicated to the Gigafactory;the financial investment of €(12.4) million in the Hype convertible bonds subscribed as part of the strategic partnership concluded in December 2021.As a result  McPhy holds a cash position of €135.5 million as of December 31  2022 compared to €177.2 million as of December 31  2021.Acceleration of industrial scale-up with the launch of the Gigafactory projectIn the framework of the eligibility of its electrolyzer Gigafactory project to the European IPCEI4 scheme  the Company concluded a public aid agreement with the French State through Bpifrance  for a maximum amount of €114 million. Following the signature of this agreement  McPhy has made its final investment decision and received a first payment of €28.5 million from Bpifrance in the last quarter of 2022. Work has already started on the commissioning of the future plant in Belfort  with a launch scheduled for the first half of 2024  followed by a gradual ramp-up to reach an annual production capacity of 1 GW. The amount of investments dedicated to the Gigafactory should be around €25 million for the year 2023.Concurrently  McPhy has continued its efforts to scale up the electrolyzer part of the business by increasing its production capacity to 300 MW at its San Miniato site  in order to meet market demand while awaiting the commissioning of the Gigafactory.For the stations business  McPhy has finalized the regrouping of all the activities of this business line on its new site in the heart of Grenoble in an existing industrial building of more than 4 000 sqm. This new site will have a production capacity of 150 stations per year.OutlookThe level of its backlog and the continued ramp-up of the hydrogen market allow McPhy to anticipate another year of sustained growth in 2023.The annual financial report will be made available as part of its 2022 Universal Registration Document no later than April 30  2023  on the Company's Investor website  in the “ Financial reports ” section (https://www.mcphy-finance.com).Upcoming financial events :Annual General Meeting   on May 24  20232023 First-Half Results  on July 27  2023  after market closeABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress relationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAPPENDICESCash-flow Statement(€ million) 2022 2021 Net result (38.2) (23.6) Cash-flow from operations (35.9) (15.8) Working capital requirement (7.8) 4.5 Operating subsidies received 26.9 - Net cash flow from operating activities (16.9) (11.3) Net cash flow from investing activities (23.0) (5.1) Net cash flow from financing activities (1.6) (4.0) Change in cash and cash equivalents (41.7) (20 5) Closing cash position 135.5 177.2The audit procedures have been carried out and the audit report on the certification is being issued.Balance Sheet StatementAssets (€ million) 2022 2021 Goodwill 2.5 2.5 Intangible assets 7.6 3.7 Tangible assets 18.1 4.8 Other non-current assets 12.9 0.5 Non-current assets 41.1 11.5 Inventories 12.0 4.3 Trade and other receivables 19.1 11.1 Current tax assets 1.1 0.7 Cash and cash equivalents 135.5 177.2 Current assets 167.7 193.2 TOTAL ASSETS 208.8 204.8 Liabilities (€ million) 2022 2021 Share capital 3.4 3.4 Premium issued 191.6 201.9 Treasury shares (0.9) (1.2) Retained earnings (59.2) (31.4) Shareholders' Equity 134.9 172.6 Investment grants 2.5 - Provision - over 1 year 2.5 2.2 Financial debt & borrowings - over 1 year 4.5 3.5 Deferred tax liabilities 0.7 0.6 Non-current liabilities 10.2 6.4 Provisions - under 1 year 5.7 6.5 Financial debt & borrowings - under 1 year 1.6 1.1 Trade and other payables 18.2 6.7 Other current liabilities 38.2 11.5 Current liabilities 63.7 25.8 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 208.8 204.8The audit procedures have been carried out and the audit report on the certification is being issued.1 Order intake not yet recorded as revenue2 The Group's statutory and consolidated financial statements will be formally approved by the Board of Directors on April 6  20233 The audit work is in progress and the statutory auditors plan to issue their reports after Board of Directors’ approval4 IPCEI (""Important Project of Common European Interest"") is a funding scheme that supports projects deemed essential for Europe's competitiveness  allowing state members to fund initiatives beyond the limits usually set by European regulations. A PIIEC or IPCEI Hydrogen was launched on 17 December 2020 and the Group's electrolyzer Gigafactory project validated by the European Commission in July 2022.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['McPhy 2022 Annual Results Accelerated Investment', 'Solid Cash Position', 'strong firm order intake', 'two old generation stations', 'strong order intake', 'Simplified P&L3', 'several key milestones', 'largest steel manufacturers', 'solid balance sheet', 'R&D expenditure', 'two product lines', 'competitive high-capacity equipment', 'carbon neutrality objectives', 'San Miniato site', 'active recruitment plan', 'Other external expenses', 'first major contract', 'positive financial result', 'Other operating income', 'low-carbon hydrogen production', 'large capacity electrolyzers', 'MCPHY ENERGY SA', '150 hydrogen distribution stations', 'sustained sales growth', 'distribution equipment', 'two challenges', 'two priorities', 'production capacity', 'External costs', 'major contracts', 'order backlog', 'strong growth', 'total capacity', 'current expenses', 'personnel expenses', 'Operating Activities', 'first signs', 'mass production', 'first half', 'first orders', 'Operating result', 'Press release', 'second half', 'Net result', 'Cash position', 'consolidated results', 'Personal costs', 'net provisions', 'Income Tax', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'industrial scale-up', 'coming years', 'French government', 'European institutions', 'new factory', 'commercial perspective', 'tremendous potential', 'manufacturing applications', 'commercial penetration', 'technological enhancements', 'leading role', 'previous years', 'past years', 'preferred partner', 'current products', 'new ranges', 'engineering resources', '85 new employees', 'refueling stations', 'financial year', 'growth funding', 'market growth', 'growth investments', 'large-scale projects', 'customer projects', 'medium-capacity electrolyzers', 'Large-capacity electrolyzers', 'market context', 'industrialization phase', 'Piel range', 'The Group', 'fiscal year', 'Annual revenue', 'Change Revenue', 'cumulative 45 MW', 'development strategy', 'significant increase', '40 stations', '56 stations', '148 MW', '193 MW', 'EBITDA', '31 December', 'Grenoble', 'Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Purchases', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'CEO', 'acceleration', 'Small', 'start', 'construction', 'Gigafactory', 'Belfort', 'time', 'teams', 'headquarters', 'industry', 'world', 'reliable', 'roadmap', 'continuation', 'respect', 'accelerated', 'support', 'partners', 'elements', 'assets', 'ambition', 'future', 'Story', 'Return', 'takeover', 'amount', 'execution', 'supply', 'McLyzer', 'addition', 'portfolio', 'supplier', 'opportunities', 'business', 'innovation', 'improvement', 'strengthening', '5:45', '2022']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20039,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARNEXT-SA-29750723/news/Pharnext-Sa-New-study-published-by-Edison-Investment-Research-updates-valuation-of-Pharnext-s-43176119/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Pharnext Sa :  New study published by Edison Investment Research updates valuation of Pharnext's assets,(marketscreener.com)  PARIS  France  March 7th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SCA   an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces the publ…,"PARIS  France  March 7th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SCA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the “Company”)  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces the publication by the financial analysis firm Edison Investment Research of an update of its research and valuation note on the Company's assets.In this note  entitled “Revised legal structure to offer operational stability”  Edison Investment Research writes in summary - conclusion of its study:""In a bid to increase operational oversight and financial stability  Pharnext has changed its legal framework  from a public limited company to a limited partnership with shares  following shareholder approval. Pharnext Développement  a joint-stock company controlled by Neovacs (with Hugo Brugière as chairman)  will be the sole general partner with existing shareholders as limited partners. This follows the January 2022 commitment by Neovacs to provide liquidity support to Pharnext (up to €24m to December 2023 at Euribor +12%) to progress lead asset PXT3003 to final data readouts (expected in Q423). We revise our valuation for the estimated net debt figure and latest shares outstanding (875.2m as of 17 February 2023). While we keep our probability of success for PXT3003 at 70%  we raise our discount rate from 12.5% to 15% on account of recent biotech volatility and increased macro risks. Our valuation now stands at €217m (from €269m) or €0.25/basic share (vs €250/share previously  post the 5 000:1 share consolidation). We highlight that the valuation and opinions in this note are based solely on publicly available information and are consistent in our approach for our ongoing coverage of Pharnext.”The market value of Pharnext (as of March 6  2023) is €613m[1].The full research note explains the basis of the valuation  together with the assumptions and risks  and is available on Pharnext's and Edison's websites.About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases currently without satisfactory therapeutic solutions. Pharnext has a first-in-class drug candidate  PXT3003  in development for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a rare  debilitating  inherited peripheral neuropathy. PXT3003 benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. In 2018  PXT3003 completed a Phase III clinical trial  the PLEO-CMT trial  with encouraging topline results. This trial was followed by an open-label extension study  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  with 120 patients continuing treatment with PXT3003. Long-term data suggest a sustained benefit  safety  and efficacy  after 5 years of total trial time. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing with 387 CMT1A patients enrolled. PREMIER topline results are expected in Q4 2023. PXT3003 originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400BV89).ContactsPress Relations (International)Consilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane ElliottSukaina VirjiAlexandra Harrisonpharnext@consilium-comms.com Financial Press RelationsACTUS finance & communicationDeborah Schwartzdschwartz@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 35 Investor RelationsACTUS finance & communicationJérôme Fabreguettes Leibpharnext@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 78[1] With a capital of 875 247 049 sharesThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xm5rkcluamadnHJpl5qZaWRnaJdhmpXGaZfJxWZolsfGnXBgxW5qmMadZnBpnWZu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78818-2023.03.07_edison-update_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.19,0.65,True,English,"['Edison Investment Research', 'New study', 'Pharnext Sa', 'assets', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes Leib', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'high unmet medical need', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'Hugo Brugière', 'sole general partner', 'net debt figure', 'recent biotech volatility', 'satisfactory therapeutic solutions', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'rare, debilitating, inherited', 'open-label extension study', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'original press release', 'Contacts Press Relations', 'final data readouts', 'other risk factors', 'Euronext Growth market', 'next press releases', 'total trial time', 'financial analysis firm', 'Financial Press Relations', 'Edison Investment Research', 'public limited company', 'Pharnext Développement', 'PREMIER topline results', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'full research note', 'other releases', 'PREMIER trial', 'Investor Relations', 'market value', 'Long-term data', 'joint-stock company', 'limited partnership', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial', 'financial stability', 'financial reports', 'novel therapeutics', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'legal structure', 'operational stability', 'operational oversight', 'legal framework', 'shareholder approval', 'existing shareholders', 'January 2022 commitment', 'liquidity support', 'discount rate', '5/basic share', '5,000:1 share consolidation', 'ongoing coverage', 'novel therapies', 'drug candidate', 'peripheral neuropathy', 'drug status', 'United States', 'sustained benefit', 'ISIN code', 'Mary-Jane Elliott', 'Sukaina Virji', 'Alexandra Harrison', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'macro risks', 'More information', 'ACTUS finance', 'Regulated information', 'asset PXT3003', 'PXT3003 benefits', 'latest shares', 'Pharnext SCA', '387 CMT1A patients', '120 patients', '875,247,049 shares', 'PARIS', 'France', 'March', 'ALPHA', 'publication', 'update', 'assets', 'summary', 'conclusion', 'bid', 'Neovacs', 'chairman', 'December', 'Euribor', 'Q42', '17 February', 'probability', 'success', 'account', 'opinions', 'basis', 'assumptions', 'websites', 'class', 'development', 'Europe', 'encouraging', 'treatment', 'safety', 'efficacy', '5 years', 'attention', 'investors', 'dschwartz', 'capital', 'PDF', 'email', '08:30']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20040,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-partners-with-Chapter-Zero-Brussels-43175949/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Bekaert : partners with Chapter Zero Brussels,(marketscreener.com)     Press release   7 March 2023 • 9.00 am CET     Press   Katelijn Bohez   T +32 56 76 66 10   katelijn.bohez@bekaert.com ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-partners-with-Chap…,Bekaert partners with Chapter Zero BrusselsBekaert is proud to announce its partnership with Chapter Zero Brussels  the Belgian chapter of the Climate Governance initiative in collaboration with the World Economic Forum.As we progress on our sustainability ambition to create a better tomorrow  we also seek opportunities to expand our impact through partnerships. The collaboration with Chapter Zero Brussels underpins the importance of knowledge and awareness sharing in the fight against climate change.'We all have the responsibility to tackle climate change. This drove us to define targets that are based on the latest climate science and help to create a sustainable future in the longer term. By making a positive impact with our sustainable solutions and practices  Bekaert is determined to improve life and create value for all stakeholders. We are excited about our partnership with Chapter Zero Brussels that will enable us to share our ambition and exchange best practices with other members of Chapter Zero Brussels as the climate journey of every company starts in the boardroom'  Ann-FrançoiseVersele  VP Sustainability.'Right from our very first interactions with Bekaert's Board  we felt that Bekaert had an interesting experience and useful insights to share as to their sustainability journey and climate governance. Bekaert adds value to our network by sharing their lessons learned and a testimony as to how they went about embedding sustainability within their governance structures and overall corporate strategy. We are proud to form this partnership with Bekaert and are grateful for their support in helping us achieve our mission of Bringing Climate onBoard'  Natacha Lippens  Chair of the Board of Chapter Zero Brussels.About BekaertBekaert's ambition is to be the leading partner for shaping the way we live and move  and to always do this in a way that is safe  smart  and sustainable. As a global market and technology leader in material science of steel wire transformation and coating technologies  Bekaert also applies its expertise beyond steel to create new solutions with innovative materials and services for markets including new mobility  low-carbon construction  and green energy. Founded in 1880  with its headquarters in Belgium  Bekaert (Euronext Brussels  BEKB) is a global company whose 27 000 employees worldwide together generated close to € 7 billion in combined revenue in 2022.Bekaert sustainability strategyFrom making a positive impact with its sustainable solutions and practices  to building a diverse and inclusive future  Bekaert is determined to improve life and create value for all stakeholders. Bekaert delivers on its sustainability strategy by developing and offering sustainable solutions  using materials and energy responsibly  conducting the highest business ethics standards  improving health and safety at the workplace  and engaging employees and business partners throughout the supply chain. By investing in renewable energy  Bekaert contributes to reaching emission reduction targets and accelerating the energy transition that is required to reduce the impacts of climate change.DisclaimerThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Bekaert is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release in light of new information  future events or otherwise. Bekaert disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by Bekaert.Page 1 of 1,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.17,0.25,True,English,"['Chapter Zero Brussels', 'Bekaert', 'partners', 'highest business ethics standards', 'Chapter Zero Brussels Bekaert', 'World Economic Forum', 'overall corporate strategy', 'steel wire transformation', 'emission reduction targets', 'latest climate science', 'Climate Governance initiative', 'other press release', 'Bekaert sustainability strategy', 'business partners', 'Belgian chapter', 'Euronext Brussels', 'material science', 'other members', 'governance structures', 'other factors', 'climate change', 'climate journey', 'sustainable future', 'longer term', 'sustainable solutions', 'Ann-FrançoiseVersele', 'VP Sustainability', 'first interactions', 'interesting experience', 'useful insights', 'sustainability journey', 'Natacha Lippens', 'leading partner', 'global market', 'technology leader', 'coating technologies', 'new solutions', 'new mobility', 'low-carbon construction', 'combined revenue', 'inclusive future', 'supply chain', 'current views', 'future events', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'future results', 'third parties', 'inaccurate data', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'green energy', 'renewable energy', 'energy transition', 'positive impact', 'innovative materials', 'global company', 'sustainability ambition', 'best practices', 'new information', 'partnership', 'collaboration', 'tomorrow', 'opportunities', 'importance', 'knowledge', 'awareness', 'fight', 'responsibility', 'life', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'boardroom', 'network', 'lessons', 'testimony', 'support', 'Chair', 'way', 'expertise', 'services', 'markets', 'headquarters', 'Belgium', 'BEKB', '27 000 employees', 'diverse', 'health', 'safety', 'workplace', 'impacts', 'Disclaimer', 'forward', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'date', 'obligation', 'light', 'liability', 'conclusions', 'opinions', 'relation', 'Page']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20041,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/assorted/dbv-technologies-announces-first-patient-screened-in-vitesse-phase-3-clinical-trial-in-peanutallergic-children-4--7-years-old-432SI-3024362,DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years Old By Investing.com,DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years Old,"DBV Technologies (DBVT) Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years OldDBV 0.00% Add to/Remove from Watchlist DBVT +14.57% Add to/Remove from WatchlistFirst patient screened at Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma in Normal  IllinoisVITESSE is DBV’s Phase 3 clinical study evaluating the modified Viaskin Peanut patch in peanut-allergic children ages 4 – 7 yearsDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced that the first patient has been screened in the Company’s VITESSE (Viaskin Peanut Immunotherapy Trial to Evaluate Safety Simplicity and Efficacy) Phase 3 clinical trial that will evaluate the modified Viaskin™ Peanut 250 μg patch (DBV712) in peanut-allergic children ages 4 through 7 years.Viaskin Peanut 250 μg is a novel treatment designed to re-educate the immune system by introducing microgram amounts of peanut allergen to the immune system through intact skin. The VITESSE trial will use the modified Viaskin Peanut 250 μg patch and enroll 600 subjects  randomized 2:1 active versus placebo. The study will involve approximately 80 trial sites across the United States  Canada  Australia  and Europe. The primary efficacy endpoint of the study is the percentage of treatment responders in the active versus placebo arms at Month 12. Secondary efficacy endpoints include changes in cumulative reactive dose (CRD)  eliciting dose (ED) and severity of allergic reaction at Month 12 food challenge.“I am pleased that the first trial participant has been screened in the VITESSE study ” said David Fleischer  MD  FAAAAI  FACAAI  Children’s Hospital Colorado and Global Principal Investigator for the VITESSE study  “These peanut-allergic children represent a cohort of patients that are eagerly awaiting potential treatment options. I am looking forward to leading the team of highly skilled VITESSE investigators and their staff as we generate these critical data that may one day potentially support a BLA submission for Viaskin Peanut.”Last year  following productive exchanges with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  DBV finalized the VITESSE protocol and received the FDA’s support to advance the study. Previously  the FDA had requested changes to certain elements of the VITESSE protocol with the intent for the trial to support a future Biologics License Application (BLA).""The initiation of the VITESSE Phase 3 Study in peanut-allergic children ages 4 - 7 years represents a culmination of years of research and collaboration between DBV  FDA  patient groups  site investigators  trial centers  and  of course  the support and unwavering encouragement from food-allergic families ” said Pharis Mohideen  MD  Chief Medical Officer  DBV Technologies. “DBV is proud to see that patient screening has begun in Q1 2023. This important milestone reflects incredible work from the DBV team and swift action in beginning enrollment from Principal Investigators like Dr. Dareen Siri and others. We are grateful for the strong collaboration that will continue throughout the VITESSE study.”Principal Investigator  Dr. Dareen Siri  FAAAAI  FACAAI from Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma  in Normal and Springfield  Illinois was the first to conduct a screening visit for a potential new enrollee.""I am thrilled that our talented team of clinicians was the first to screen a patient for the VITESSE clinical study ” said Dareen Siri  MD  Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma  Normal  IL. “The initiation of patient enrollment in VITESSE reinforces our commitment to peanut-allergic children and their families and is an important step in generating the data needed to potentially advance Viaskin Peanut to market. I am grateful that peanut-allergic children have the opportunity to participate in a trial that may one day help other kids just like them living with peanut allergy. There is a lot of excitement around the VITESSE study  and I am proud our team will be an integral part of it.”DBV anticipates screening the last patient in 1H 2024 and announcing topline results in 1H 2025.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'DBV Technologies', 'First Patient', 'Peanut-Allergic Children', 'Investing', 'future Biologics License Application', 'Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma', 'Viaskin™ Peanut 250 μg patch', 'Viaskin Peanut 250 μg patch', 'Viaskin Peanut Immunotherapy Trial', 'VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'Viaskin Peanut patch', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'potential new enrollee', 'Phase 3 clinical study', 'U.S. Food', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'Secondary efficacy endpoints', 'potential treatment options', 'Dr. Dareen Siri', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'cumulative reactive dose', 'Global Principal Investigator', 'first trial participant', 'The VITESSE trial', 'VITESSE Phase 3 Study', 'VITESSE clinical study', 'skilled VITESSE investigators', 'peanut allergy', 'peanut allergen', '80 trial sites', 'trial centers', '12 food challenge', 'novel treatment', 'treatment responders', 'Principal Investigators', 'VITESSE study', 'VITESSE protocol', 'First Patient', 'Safety Simplicity', 'immune system', 'microgram amounts', 'intact skin', 'United States', 'allergic reaction', 'David Fleischer', 'productive exchanges', 'Drug Administration', 'unwavering encouragement', 'Pharis Mohideen', 'important milestone', 'incredible work', 'swift action', 'beginning enrollment', 'screening visit', 'important step', 'other kids', 'integral part', 'topline results', 'Peanut-Allergic Children', 'patient groups', 'patient screening', 'patient enrollment', 'last patient', 'Nasdaq Market', 'placebo arms', 'critical data', 'BLA submission', 'food-allergic families', 'strong collaboration', 'talented team', 'DBV Technologies', 'DBV team', 'Watchlist DBVT', 'Normal', 'Illinois', '7 years', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', '600 subjects', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Europe', 'percentage', 'CRD', 'severity', 'MD', 'FAAAAI', 'FACAAI', 'Hospital', 'Colorado', 'cohort', 'patients', 'staff', 'FDA', 'support', 'elements', 'intent', 'initiation', 'culmination', 'research', 'course', 'Q1', 'others', 'Springfield', 'clinicians', 'commitment', 'opportunity', 'lot', 'excitement', '1H']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,investing.com
20042,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/Cancellation-of-euros-shares-held-in-Treasury-43183573/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Cancellation of euros shares held in Treasury,(marketscreener.com)             Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582   CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURY   The board of …,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 800 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to12 297 058 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 423 352 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 423 352 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company’s shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).”7 March 2023For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,negative,0.01,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['euros shares', 'Cancellation', 'Treasury', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Financial Markets', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,297,058 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'financieel toezicht', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,423,352 shares', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'Wet', '7 March', 'Paris', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20043,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301764909.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 7 March 2023  delivered 360 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €94.92). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 145 732. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0002%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.09,0.65,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '360 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '7 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,prnewswire.co.uk
20044,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MITHRA-PHARMACEUTICALS-S-22744124/news/Mithra-Pharmaceuticals-S-A-reports-full-year-2022-financial-results-43175702/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Mithra Pharmaceuticals S A : reports full year 2022 financial results,(marketscreener.com)   Revenues increased steadily to reach EUR 67 million  mainly driven by the signature of the first license agreement for Donesta® with Gedeon Richter   Acceleration in the number of NEXTSTELLIS® cycles dispensed in the United States;…,"Revenues increased steadily to reach EUR 67 million  mainly driven by the signature of the first license agreement for Donesta® with Gedeon RichterAcceleration in the number of NEXTSTELLIS® cycles dispensed in the United States; launch in Australia by Mayne Pharma. Commercial roll out of DROVELIS® in all major European countries. In 2022  product sales on Estelle® stand at EUR 9.2 millionCash position at EUR 28.3 million end 2022  strengthened by post-closing events linked to the collection of an out-licensing upfront payment on Donesta® of EUR 50 million  the collection of the Mayne Pharma dividend for EUR 3 million and the milestone payment of EUR 1.6 million following Myring® commercialization in the U.S.  which led to a cash position of EUR 67.5 million at end February 2023R&D expenses decreased by 25% to reach EUR 64.0 million compared to EUR 85.2 million in 2021Positive efficacy topline results from Donesta® Phase III ProgramPositive safety topline results from Donesta® Phase III Study in North America supporting the filing with U.S. regulatory agency anticipated by end of H1 2023 for a market authorization in H1 2024 whereas primary safety data are anticipated for H1 2024 in Europe with a market authorization expected for H1 2025FDA approval of Myring® commercialized under the trademark HALOETTE® in the U.S.  leading to a milestone payment of EUR 6 million collected in H2 2022Convertible loan signed with Highbridge Capital Management and Whitebox Advisors for an amount up to EUR 100 million  including repurchase of EUR 34.1 million tranche of the convertible bonds due in 2025 at a 15% discount to parLiege  Belgium  07 March 2023 - 07:30 CET - Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women's Health  today announces its financial results for the year ended 31 December 2022  prepared in accordance with IFRS.Leon Van Rompay  CEO Mithra Women's Health  commented: ""2022 marks a historical turning point for Mithra with the reception of the positive top-line efficacy results on our core asset Donesta® and the signature of a landmark license agreement with our long-standing partner Gedeon Richter. The positive top-line safety results announced early March 2023 are supporting the filing with U.S. regulatory agency anticipated by end of H1 2023 for a market authorization in H1 2024. Recent media attention on menopausal discomfort menopause around the globe demonstrates a clear shift towards Hormone Therapy. Building further upon our product lifecycle development plan  we remain confident to sign a future partnership for Donesta® in the US by the end of H1 2023. I am very pleased with our operational achievements in 2022 leading to revenues which increased steadily to reach EUR 67 million  the second highest level of revenues in Mithra's history. We remain committed to deliver on our promises and deliver value for our shareholders despite a share price evolution that do not meet Mithra's potential.""__________Download the PDF to read the full version__________",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.28,0.15,True,English,"['Mithra Pharmaceuticals S A', 'full year 2022 financial results', 'Positive efficacy topline results', 'positive top-line efficacy results', 'Positive safety topline results', 'positive top-line safety results', 'product lifecycle development plan', 'Donesta® Phase III Program', 'Donesta® Phase III Study', 'U.S. regulatory agency', 'primary safety data', 'first license agreement', 'major European countries', 'R&D expenses', 'Highbridge Capital Management', 'EUR 34.1 million tranche', 'Leon Van Rompay', 'historical turning point', 'landmark license agreement', 'Recent media attention', 'menopausal discomfort menopause', 'second highest level', 'share price evolution', 'licensing upfront payment', 'core asset Donesta®', 'Mayne Pharma dividend', 'CEO Mithra Women', 'financial results', 'product sales', 'milestone payment', 'Gedeon Richter', 'NEXTSTELLIS® cycles', 'United States', 'Commercial roll', 'Cash position', 'post-closing events', 'North America', 'market authorization', 'FDA approval', 'Convertible loan', 'Whitebox Advisors', 'convertible bonds', 'Euronext Brussels', 'long-standing partner', 'clear shift', 'Hormone Therapy', 'future partnership', 'operational achievements', 'full version', 'Myring® commercialization', 'Revenues', 'signature', 'Acceleration', 'number', 'launch', 'Australia', 'DROVELIS®', 'Estelle®', 'collection', 'out', 'February', 'filing', 'H1', 'trademark', 'HALOETTE®', 'H2', 'amount', 'repurchase', '15% discount', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '07 March', '07:30 CET', 'MITRA', 'company', 'Health', 'year', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'reception', 'globe', 'history', 'promises', 'value', 'shareholders', 'potential', 'PDF', '2022']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20045,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/Cancellation-of-euro-shares-held-in-treasury-43183590/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Cancellation of euro shares held in treasury,(marketscreener.com)             Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582   CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURY   The board of …,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 800 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to12 297 058 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 423 352 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 423 352 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company’s shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).”7 March 2023For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",negative,0.0,0.09,0.9,negative,0.01,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['euro shares', 'Cancellation', 'treasury', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Financial Markets', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,297,058 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'financieel toezicht', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,423,352 shares', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'Wet', '7 March', 'Paris', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20046,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Orange-Business-Supports-Lucid-to-Deliver-the-Experience-driven-Connected-Car-Across-Europe-43181340/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Orange Business Supports Lucid to Deliver the Experience-driven Connected Car Across Europe,(marketscreener.com) Orchestration  service integration and next-gen connectivity enhance end-to-end customer journeyhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Orange-Business-Supports-Lucid-to-Deliver-the-Experience-driven-Connected-Car-…,"Orange Business today announced that it has been selected by Lucid Motors  the American electric vehicle (EV) manufacturer  to be the preferred European partner for its next-generation in-vehicle connectivity and digital expertise. Guided by its focus on innovation  Lucid plans to sell its all-electric Lucid vehicles direct to consumers as it expands its operations in Europe  offering infotainment and telematics connectivity from Orange Business.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230307005625/en/Orange has helped Lucid orchestrate the customer journey in Europe  simplifying and navigating complex regulatory requirements. (Photo: Orange Business)In addition to Orange Business providing seamless pan-European IoT and Internet connectivity for Lucid’s software-defined vehicles  Orange has helped Lucid orchestrate the customer journey in Europe  simplifying and navigating complex regulatory requirements. Furthermore  Orange is now directly integrated into Lucid’s manufacturing supply chain and helped them adapt connectivity test procedures for vehicles delivered into Europe. In terms of end-user benefits  services by Orange enable infotainment and Internet-enabled content  including navigation  security and communication tools  diagnostics  and streaming audio. Additionally  over-the-air updates are pushed to vehicles to ensure the most up-to-date software to deliver a premium Lucid customer experience.“Lucid is not only building sleek and luxurious EVs for sustainable mobility  but they are keenly focused on delivering a premium user experience. Providing a personalized customer experience that creates value is exactly how Orange Business wants to support its customers. We are proud to have the application development  data analytics  network and integration experience  and assets to help American automotive companies like Lucid expand operations in Europe ” said Scott Williams  Senior Vice President of the Americas  Orange Business.Orange is a licensed and experienced Electronic Communication Services (ECS) provider for both IoT and Internet Access services. This provides significant support for OEMs looking to navigate the complexity of the European regulatory environment with both EU requirements and individual country provisions. When it comes to expertise in the IoT market  Orange Business is once again positioned as a Leader in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Managed IoT Connectivity Services  Worldwide – the sixth consecutive time that the company’s Completeness of Vision and Ability to Execute have been recognized.About Orange BusinessOrange Business  the enterprise division of the Orange Group  is a leading network and digital integrator  supporting customers create positive impact and digital business. The combined strength of its next-generation connectivity  cloud  and cybersecurity expertise  platforms  and partners provides the foundation for enterprises around the world. With 30 000 employees across 65 countries  Orange Business enables its customers’ transformations by orchestrating end-to-end secured digital infrastructure and focusing on the employee  customer  and operational experience. More than 3 000 multinational enterprises  as well as two million professionals  companies and local communities in France  put their trust in Orange Business.Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on the Euronext Paris (ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (ORAN). For more information: www.orange-business.com or follow us on LinkedIn and on Twitter: @orangebusinessOrange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand ServicesView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230307005625/en/",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.3,0.0,True,English,"['Orange Business Supports', 'Experience-driven Connected Car', 'Europe', 'American electric vehicle (EV) manufacturer', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'experienced Electronic Communication Services', 'Managed IoT Connectivity Services', 'premium Lucid customer experience', 'premium user experience', 'preferred European partner', 'manufacturing supply chain', 'American automotive companies', 'Senior Vice President', 'European regulatory environment', 'individual country provisions', '2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™', 'sixth consecutive time', 'complex regulatory requirements', 'seamless pan-European IoT', 'connectivity test procedures', 'Internet Access services', 'two million professionals', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'new business model', 'personalized customer experience', 'other Orange product', 'Orange Brand Services', 'electric Lucid vehicles', 'vehicle connectivity', 'Internet connectivity', 'communication tools', 'integration experience', 'operational experience', 'EU requirements', 'telematics connectivity', 'IoT market', 'customer journey', 'leading network', 'press release', 'full release', 'end-user benefits', 'Internet-enabled content', 'streaming audio', 'air updates', 'date software', 'luxurious EVs', 'sustainable mobility', 'application development', 'data analytics', 'Scott Williams', 'ECS) provider', 'significant support', 'enterprise division', 'digital integrator', 'positive impact', 'digital business', 'combined strength', 'next-generation connectivity', 'digital infrastructure', 'local communities', '43.5 billion euros', 'strategic plan', 'service quality', 'Euronext Paris', 'service names', 'source version', 'software-defined vehicles', '287 million customers', 'Orange Business', 'digital expertise', 'cybersecurity expertise', 'network excellence', 'Lucid Motors', '3,000 multinational enterprises', 'Orange Group', 'focus', 'innovation', 'consumers', 'operations', 'infotainment', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Photo', 'addition', 'terms', 'navigation', 'diagnostics', 'sleek', 'value', 'assets', 'Americas', 'licensed', 'OEMs', 'complexity', 'Leader', 'company', 'Completeness', 'Ability', 'cloud', 'platforms', 'partners', 'foundation', 'world', '30,000 employees', '65 countries', 'transformations', 'More', 'France', 'trust', 'sales', '31 December', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'orangebusiness', 'material', 'trademarks', '2022']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20047,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2622588/0/en/DBV-Technologies-Announces-First-Patient-Screened-in-VITESSE-Phase-3-Clinical-Trial-in-Peanut-Allergic-Children-4-7-Years-Old.html,DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years Old,Montrouge  France  March 7  2023  DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7......,"English FrenchMontrouge  France  March 7  2023DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years OldFirst patient screened at Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma in Normal  IllinoisVITESSE is DBV’s Phase 3 clinical study evaluating the modified Viaskin Peanut patch in peanut-allergic children ages 4 – 7 yearsDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced that the first patient has been screened in the Company’s VITESSE ( V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial to E valuate S afety S implicity and E fficacy) Phase 3 clinical trial that will evaluate the modified Viaskin™ Peanut 250 μg patch (DBV712) in peanut-allergic children ages 4 through 7 years.Viaskin Peanut 250 μg is a novel treatment designed to re-educate the immune system by introducing microgram amounts of peanut allergen to the immune system through intact skin. The VITESSE trial will use the modified Viaskin Peanut 250 μg patch and enroll 600 subjects  randomized 2:1 active versus placebo. The study will involve approximately 80 trial sites across the United States  Canada  Australia  and Europe. The primary efficacy endpoint of the study is the percentage of treatment responders in the active versus placebo arms at Month 12. Secondary efficacy endpoints include changes in cumulative reactive dose (CRD)  eliciting dose (ED) and severity of allergic reaction at Month 12 food challenge.“I am pleased that the first trial participant has been screened in the VITESSE study ” said David Fleischer  MD  FAAAAI  FACAAI  Children’s Hospital Colorado and Global Principal Investigator for the VITESSE study  “These peanut-allergic children represent a cohort of patients that are eagerly awaiting potential treatment options. I am looking forward to leading the team of highly skilled VITESSE investigators and their staff as we generate these critical data that may one day potentially support a BLA submission for Viaskin Peanut.”Last year  following productive exchanges with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  DBV finalized the VITESSE protocol and received the FDA’s support to advance the study. Previously  the FDA had requested changes to certain elements of the VITESSE protocol with the intent for the trial to support a future Biologics License Application (BLA).""The initiation of the VITESSE Phase 3 Study in peanut-allergic children ages 4 - 7 years represents a culmination of years of research and collaboration between DBV  FDA  patient groups  site investigators  trial centers  and  of course  the support and unwavering encouragement from food-allergic families ” said Pharis Mohideen  MD  Chief Medical Officer  DBV Technologies. “DBV is proud to see that patient screening has begun in Q1 2023. This important milestone reflects incredible work from the DBV team and swift action in beginning enrollment from Principal Investigators like Dr. Dareen Siri and others. We are grateful for the strong collaboration that will continue throughout the VITESSE study.”Principal Investigator  Dr. Dareen Siri  FAAAAI  FACAAI from Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma  in Normal and Springfield  Illinois was the first to conduct a screening visit for a potential new enrollee.""I am thrilled that our talented team of clinicians was the first to screen a patient for the VITESSE clinical study ” said Dareen Siri  MD  Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma  Normal  IL. “The initiation of patient enrollment in VITESSE reinforces our commitment to peanut-allergic children and their families and is an important step in generating the data needed to potentially advance Viaskin Peanut to market. I am grateful that peanut-allergic children have the opportunity to participate in a trial that may one day help other kids just like them living with peanut allergy. There is a lot of excitement around the VITESSE study  and I am proud our team will be an integral part of it.”DBV anticipates screening the last patient in 1H 2024 and announcing topline results in 1H 2025.About VITESSEThe VITESSE trial will enroll 600 subjects  randomized 2:1 active versus placebo. The study will involve approximately 80 trial sites across the United States  Canada  Australia and Europe. Dr. David Fleischer  Colorado Children’s Hospital  will act as the global study Principal Investigator.The primary efficacy endpoint is the percentage of treatment responders in the active versus placebo arms at Month 12. The primary efficacy analysis includes the success criterion of a lower bound of the confidence interval of the difference in responder rates between active and placebo groups being greater than or equal to 15%.A treatment responder is defined as either a subject with a baseline ED ≤30 mg who reaches an ED ≥300 mg of peanut protein at Month 12  or a subject with a baseline ED = 100 mg who reaches an ED ≥600 mg of peanut protein at Month 12. A double-blind  placebo-controlled food challenge (DBPCFC) will be administered at baseline and Month 12 to determine a subject’s ED at both timepoints.During the screening period  subjects will undergo an initial visit with assessment for eligibility according to peanut skin prick test (SPT) and serum peanut IgE. Those meeting these criteria will proceed to a DBPCFC to confirm their peanut allergy and establish an entry peanut ED. The entry DBPCFC will be 1 mg peanut protein  and will escalate up to a highest single dose of 100 mg peanut protein. Subjects who react with an ED at or below the dose of 100 mg peanut protein and meet all other inclusion and no exclusion criteria are considered eligible. At Month 12  a post-treatment DBPCFC will be performed  with a starting dose of 3 mg peanut protein  escalating to a highest dose of 1 000 mg peanut protein according to the following schedule: 3  10  30  100  300  600  1 000 mg. Secondary efficacy endpoints include changes in CRD  ED and severity of allergic reaction at Month 12 food challenge.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food-allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children and the potential benefits of EPIT™  DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans  timing and projections of VITESSE study milestones  and timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. All statements about VITESSE study milestones  enrollment and anticipated results contained herein are DBV’s best estimates and projections are based on performance of previous studies and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance and achievements with respect to the VITESSE study to differ materially from the estimates and projections contained herein. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties and may be impacted by market conditions as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.02,0.02,True,English,"['VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'DBV Technologies', 'First Patient', 'Peanut-Allergic Children', 'Years', 'V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial', 'future Biologics License Application', 'Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma', 'S afety S implicity', 'double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenge', 'Viaskin™ Peanut 250 μg patch', 'Viaskin Peanut 250 μg patch', 'global study Principal Investigator', 'VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'Viaskin Peanut patch', 'U.S. Food', 'Global Principal Investigator', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'Secondary efficacy endpoints', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'potential new enrollee', 'primary efficacy analysis', 'Phase 3 clinical study', 'Dr. Dareen Siri', 'potential treatment options', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'cumulative reactive dose', 'Dr. David Fleischer', 'first trial participant', 'The VITESSE trial', 'VITESSE Phase 3 Study', 'VITESSE clinical study', 'skilled VITESSE investigators', 'peanut allergy', '12 food challenge', 'peanut allergen', 'peanut protein', 'Principal Investigators', '80 trial sites', 'trial centers', 'VITESSE study', 'novel treatment', 'treatment responders', 'VITESSE protocol', 'First Patient', 'English French', 'E fficacy', 'immune system', 'microgram amounts', 'intact skin', 'United States', 'allergic reaction', 'productive exchanges', 'Drug Administration', 'unwavering encouragement', 'Pharis Mohideen', 'important milestone', 'incredible work', 'beginning enrollment', 'screening visit', 'important step', 'other kids', 'integral part', 'topline results', 'success criterion', 'lower bound', 'confidence interval', 'responder rates', 'Peanut-Allergic Children', 'patient groups', 'patient screening', 'patient enrollment', 'last patient', 'placebo arms', 'placebo groups', 'Nasdaq Market', 'critical data', 'BLA submission', 'food-allergic families', 'strong collaboration', 'talented team', 'DBV Technologies', 'Colorado Children', 'active versus', 'baseline ED', 'DBV team', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'March', 'Normal', 'Illinois', '7 years', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', '600 subjects', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Europe', 'percentage', 'CRD', 'severity', 'MD', 'FAAAAI', 'FACAAI', 'Hospital', 'cohort', 'patients', 'staff', 'FDA', 'support', 'elements', 'intent', 'initiation', 'culmination', 'research', 'course', 'Q1', 'others', 'Springfield', 'clinicians', 'commitment', 'opportunity', 'lot', 'excitement', '1H', 'difference', '≤30 mg', '≥300 mg', '100 mg', '≥600 mg', 'DBPCFC']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
20048,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DBV-TECHNOLOGIES-10189744/news/DBV-Technologies-Announces-First-Patient-Screened-in-VITESSE-Phase-3-Clinical-Trial-in-Peanut-Allerg-43184575/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years Old,(marketscreener.com) Montrouge  France  March 7  2023 DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years Old First patient screened at Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma in Normal  Illinois VI…,"Montrouge  France  March 7  2023DBV Technologies Announces First Patient Screened in VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial in Peanut-Allergic Children 4 – 7 Years OldFirst patient screened at Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma in Normal  IllinoisVITESSE is DBV’s Phase 3 clinical study evaluating the modified Viaskin Peanut patch in peanut-allergic children ages 4 – 7 yearsDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced that the first patient has been screened in the Company’s VITESSE ( V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial to E valuate S afety S implicity and E fficacy) Phase 3 clinical trial that will evaluate the modified Viaskin™ Peanut 250 μg patch (DBV712) in peanut-allergic children ages 4 through 7 years.Viaskin Peanut 250 μg is a novel treatment designed to re-educate the immune system by introducing microgram amounts of peanut allergen to the immune system through intact skin. The VITESSE trial will use the modified Viaskin Peanut 250 μg patch and enroll 600 subjects  randomized 2:1 active versus placebo. The study will involve approximately 80 trial sites across the United States  Canada  Australia  and Europe. The primary efficacy endpoint of the study is the percentage of treatment responders in the active versus placebo arms at Month 12. Secondary efficacy endpoints include changes in cumulative reactive dose (CRD)  eliciting dose (ED) and severity of allergic reaction at Month 12 food challenge.“I am pleased that the first trial participant has been screened in the VITESSE study ” said David Fleischer  MD  FAAAAI  FACAAI  Children’s Hospital Colorado and Global Principal Investigator for the VITESSE study  “These peanut-allergic children represent a cohort of patients that are eagerly awaiting potential treatment options. I am looking forward to leading the team of highly skilled VITESSE investigators and their staff as we generate these critical data that may one day potentially support a BLA submission for Viaskin Peanut.”Last year  following productive exchanges with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  DBV finalized the VITESSE protocol and received the FDA’s support to advance the study. Previously  the FDA had requested changes to certain elements of the VITESSE protocol with the intent for the trial to support a future Biologics License Application (BLA).""The initiation of the VITESSE Phase 3 Study in peanut-allergic children ages 4 - 7 years represents a culmination of years of research and collaboration between DBV  FDA  patient groups  site investigators  trial centers  and  of course  the support and unwavering encouragement from food-allergic families ” said Pharis Mohideen  MD  Chief Medical Officer  DBV Technologies. “DBV is proud to see that patient screening has begun in Q1 2023. This important milestone reflects incredible work from the DBV team and swift action in beginning enrollment from Principal Investigators like Dr. Dareen Siri and others. We are grateful for the strong collaboration that will continue throughout the VITESSE study.”Principal Investigator  Dr. Dareen Siri  FAAAAI  FACAAI from Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma  in Normal and Springfield  Illinois was the first to conduct a screening visit for a potential new enrollee.""I am thrilled that our talented team of clinicians was the first to screen a patient for the VITESSE clinical study ” said Dareen Siri  MD  Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma  Normal  IL. “The initiation of patient enrollment in VITESSE reinforces our commitment to peanut-allergic children and their families and is an important step in generating the data needed to potentially advance Viaskin Peanut to market. I am grateful that peanut-allergic children have the opportunity to participate in a trial that may one day help other kids just like them living with peanut allergy. There is a lot of excitement around the VITESSE study  and I am proud our team will be an integral part of it.”DBV anticipates screening the last patient in 1H 2024 and announcing topline results in 1H 2025.About VITESSEThe VITESSE trial will enroll 600 subjects  randomized 2:1 active versus placebo. The study will involve approximately 80 trial sites across the United States  Canada  Australia and Europe. Dr. David Fleischer  Colorado Children’s Hospital  will act as the global study Principal Investigator.The primary efficacy endpoint is the percentage of treatment responders in the active versus placebo arms at Month 12. The primary efficacy analysis includes the success criterion of a lower bound of the confidence interval of the difference in responder rates between active and placebo groups being greater than or equal to 15%.A treatment responder is defined as either a subject with a baseline ED ≤30 mg who reaches an ED ≥300 mg of peanut protein at Month 12  or a subject with a baseline ED = 100 mg who reaches an ED ≥600 mg of peanut protein at Month 12. A double-blind  placebo-controlled food challenge (DBPCFC) will be administered at baseline and Month 12 to determine a subject’s ED at both timepoints.During the screening period  subjects will undergo an initial visit with assessment for eligibility according to peanut skin prick test (SPT) and serum peanut IgE. Those meeting these criteria will proceed to a DBPCFC to confirm their peanut allergy and establish an entry peanut ED. The entry DBPCFC will be 1 mg peanut protein  and will escalate up to a highest single dose of 100 mg peanut protein. Subjects who react with an ED at or below the dose of 100 mg peanut protein and meet all other inclusion and no exclusion criteria are considered eligible. At Month 12  a post-treatment DBPCFC will be performed  with a starting dose of 3 mg peanut protein  escalating to a highest dose of 1 000 mg peanut protein according to the following schedule: 3  10  30  100  300  600  1 000 mg. Secondary efficacy endpoints include changes in CRD  ED and severity of allergic reaction at Month 12 food challenge.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food-allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children and the potential benefits of EPIT™  DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans  timing and projections of VITESSE study milestones  and timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. All statements about VITESSE study milestones  enrollment and anticipated results contained herein are DBV’s best estimates and projections are based on performance of previous studies and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance and achievements with respect to the VITESSE study to differ materially from the estimates and projections contained herein. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties and may be impacted by market conditions as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'DBV Technologies', 'First Patient', 'Peanut-Allergic Children', 'Years', 'V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial', 'future Biologics License Application', 'Midwest Allergy Sinus Asthma', 'S afety S implicity', 'double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenge', 'Viaskin™ Peanut 250 μg patch', 'Viaskin Peanut 250 μg patch', 'global study Principal Investigator', 'VITESSE Phase 3 Clinical Trial', 'U.S. Food', 'Viaskin Peanut patch', 'Global Principal Investigator', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'Secondary efficacy endpoints', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'potential new enrollee', 'primary efficacy analysis', 'Phase 3 clinical study', 'Dr. Dareen Siri', 'potential treatment options', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'cumulative reactive dose', 'Dr. David Fleischer', 'first trial participant', 'The VITESSE trial', 'VITESSE Phase 3 Study', 'VITESSE clinical study', 'skilled VITESSE investigators', 'peanut allergy', '12 food challenge', 'peanut allergen', 'peanut protein', 'Principal Investigators', '80 trial sites', 'trial centers', 'VITESSE study', 'novel treatment', 'treatment responders', 'VITESSE protocol', 'First Patient', 'E fficacy', 'immune system', 'microgram amounts', 'intact skin', 'United States', 'allergic reaction', 'productive exchanges', 'Drug Administration', 'unwavering encouragement', 'Pharis Mohideen', 'important milestone', 'incredible work', 'beginning enrollment', 'screening visit', 'important step', 'other kids', 'integral part', 'topline results', 'success criterion', 'lower bound', 'confidence interval', 'responder rates', 'Peanut-Allergic Children', 'patient groups', 'patient screening', 'patient enrollment', 'last patient', 'placebo arms', 'placebo groups', 'Nasdaq Market', 'critical data', 'BLA submission', 'food-allergic families', 'strong collaboration', 'talented team', 'DBV Technologies', 'Colorado Children', 'active versus', 'baseline ED', 'DBV team', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'March', 'Normal', 'Illinois', '7 years', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', '600 subjects', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Europe', 'percentage', 'CRD', 'severity', 'MD', 'FAAAAI', 'FACAAI', 'Hospital', 'cohort', 'patients', 'staff', 'FDA', 'support', 'elements', 'intent', 'initiation', 'culmination', 'research', 'course', 'Q1', 'others', 'Springfield', 'clinicians', 'commitment', 'opportunity', 'lot', 'excitement', '1H', 'difference', '≤30 mg', '≥300 mg', '100 mg', '≥600 mg', 'DBPCFC']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20049,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43175637/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3611 £ 24.1284 Estimated MTD return 0.34 % 0.37 % Estimated YTD return -1.47 % -1.22 % Estimated ITD return 173.61 % 141.28 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.86 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.25 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 240.2425 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.8066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20050,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43175639/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3611 £ 24.1284 Estimated MTD return 0.34 % 0.37 % Estimated YTD return -1.47 % -1.22 % Estimated ITD return 173.61 % 141.28 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.86 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.25 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 240.2425 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.8066The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20051,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-record-results-fy-2022-ebitda-margin-of-17-7-and-net-income-up-133-301764763.html,Ekinops record results FY 2022: EBITDA margin of 17.7% and net income up +133%,PARIS  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  is publishing its financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  as appro…,"PARIS  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  is publishing its financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  as approved by the Board of Directors on March 6  2023. The statutory auditors have finished auditing procedures and the certification report will be issued shortly.€m - IFRS 20211 2022 Change Revenue 103.6 127.6 +23 % Gross margin 56.5 67.6 +20 % % of revenue 54.5 % 53.0 %Operating expenses 53.1 58.4 +10 % EBITDA2 17.6 22.6 +29 % % of revenue 16.9 % 17.7 %Current operating income 3.4 9.3 +172 % Operating income 3.4 8.8 +160 % Consolidated net income 5.2 12.0 +133 % % of revenue 5.0 % 9.4 %1 The Group finalized the purchase price allocation for SixSq in the second half of the 2022 fiscal year. The 2021 column includes this impact (recognition of badwill of €0.4 million in ""Other operating income and expenses"").2 EBITDA (Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization) corresponds to current operating income restated for(i) amortization  depreciation and provisions and (ii) income and expenses linked to share-based payments (see appendices).Acceleration of growth dynamic in 2022: +23% growth in revenueIn 2022  Ekinops generated consolidated revenue of €127.6 million  up +23% from FY 2021 at constant scope (up +19% at constant exchange rates).2022 was marked by an acceleration of growth momentum  which rose from +12% in 2021 to +23% in 2022  despite persistent supply difficulties for certain electronic components which only now are starting to subside.This sustained growth was the result of strong demand for all the group's business lines: +29% for Optical Transport solutions and +20% for Access solutions. The revenue generated by Software and Services continued to grow  increasing by more than +38%  representing 15% of the group's revenue in 2022.In geographic terms  the financial year was marked by ongoing dynamic growth internationally  with +56% growth in North America (+39% in USD) and +38% growth in Asia-Pacific. In France  sales grew by +36% and were sharply up with the group's historic customers.+29% growth in EBITDA1  record annual EBITDA1 margin of 17.7%Despite the global component crisis  the gross margin was up +20% in 2022 to €67.6 million.In a severely disrupted market environment  the gross margin was 53.0%  within the long-term target range (52% - 56%)  as a result of sound management of the supply chain and of by passing on a proportion of pricing tensions through sale prices.EBITDA[1] was €22.6 million  up sharply by +29%. The rise in operating expenses was limited in 2022 (+10%)  while necessary investments in the group's development and growth continued (recruitment  acquisition of R&D equipment  resumption of attendance of trade fairs and international travel).The EBITDA1 margin reached record levels in 2022  and for the first time exceeded 17% over a full fiscal year  at 17.7% (vs. 16.9% in 2021 and 15.9% in 2020). It ended up at the high end of the 14%-18% range targeted for FY 2022.Adjusted EBIT2 margin of 12.2%After net depreciation  amortization and provisions (€11.1 million including €6.3 million in amortization related to technologies after purchase price allocation) and expenses relating to share-based payments (€2.3 million)  current operating income rose to €9.3 million in 2022  up 172% year-on-year. The current operating margin was 7.2%  compared with 3.3% a year earlier.Excluding amortization related to the intangible assets identified post purchase price allocation  adjusted EBIT[2] was 12.2%.After factoring in other operating income and expenses (€0.5 million)  operating income was up +160% to €8.8 million.After accounting for €1.2 million in financial income from foreign exchange gains and the recognition of a positive tax result of €2.0 million from the use of tax loss carryforwards[3]  net income rose +133% in 2022 to €12.0 million.Net margin also reached a record level of 9.4% (vs. 5.0% in 2021 and 3.4% in 2020).Earnings per share (EPS) more than doubled in 2022 to reach €0.45 per share  compared with €0.20 per share in the previous year (on fully diluted basis).Net cash[4] of €20.5 million at December 31  2022Ekinops' strong operating performance in 2022 led to a +39% increase in cash flow to €23.6 million before working capital needs.As a result of an increase in working capital (+€13.6 million) due to (i) active anticipated purchasing of components to address supply shortages (+€6.0 million of inventory at end-2022 compared with 2021)and (ii) end of quarter high business activity (a +€5.5 million net increase in trade receivables)  operating cash flow over the year was €9.4 million (compared with €12.5 million in 2021).Cash flow from investments was -€7.4 million  including -€4.1 million of capitalized R&D expenditure. Free cash flow in 2022 was +€2.0 million.Cash flow from financing activities (-€8.2 million) reflected the significant deleveraging carried out by the group in 2022  with the repayment of €6.9 million of bank loans (including decrease in R&D tax credit financing).In total  cash and cash equivalents reduced by €6.0 million (-€4.2 million in 2021).Cash and cash equivalents stood at €39.4 million at the end of 2022  with financial borrowings[5] reduced to €18.9 million (€23.8 million at the end of 2021 and €31.6 million at the end of 2020). Net cash4 position remained solid at €20.5 million at December 31  2022 (vs. €21.6 million a year earlier).ASSETS - €mIFRS 12/3120211 12/31 2022EQUITY & LIABILITIES - €mIFRS 12/3120211 12/31 2022 Non-current assets 75.8 79.8Shareholders' equity 99.1 113.6 o/w goodwill 28.4 28.5Financial liabilities 23.8 18.9 o/w intangible assets 24.8 21.1o/w bank loans 19.3 14.5 o/w right-of-use assets 4.6 6.8o/w factoring 4.5 4.4 Current assets 49.7 63.5R&D tax credit pre-financing 4.8 2.6 o/w inventories 19.0 25.0Trade payables 16.2 17.7 o/w trade receivables 24.2 29.9Lease liabilities 4.7 6.9 Cash & cash equivalents 45.4 39.4Other liabilities 22.3 23.0 TOTAL 170.9 182.7TOTAL 170.9 182.71 The Group finalized the purchase price allocation for SixSq in the second half of the 2022 fiscal year. Its impact is reflected in the 12/31/2021 columns.2023 and beyond: the strategic initiatives to drive Ekinops onwards and aim ""Bigger""2022 demonstrated the Group's ability to increase its market share with its differentiated offerings in various business segments and meet its customers' needs and tight deadlines.As a result  Ekinops has set itself bold growth ambitions for coming years  structured around 4 strategic priorities entitled ""Bigger"":""Bigger"" in terms of external growth : as it operates in a global market dominated by large multinationals  Ekinops is looking to accelerate its growth through acquisitions with a view to scaling up its R&D firepower  increasing its customer base and continuing on its sharp growth trajectory. One of the Group's objectives in 2023 is to complete at least one transaction during the year favoring a non-dilutive source of financing.: as it operates in a global market dominated by large multinationals  Ekinops is looking to accelerate its growth through acquisitions with a view to scaling up its R&D firepower  increasing its customer base and continuing on its sharp growth trajectory. One of the Group's objectives in 2023 is to complete at least one transaction during the year favoring a non-dilutive source of financing. ""Bigger"" in terms of customer portfolio: One of Ekinops' growth priorities is its positioning with major international customers  to provide support in their strategic network and technological developments. This ambition will result in increased sales with existing key accounts and the acquisition of new major customers.Over time  Ekinops aims to be a reference brand in the telecom universe  working with the largest telecom operators worldwide.""Bigger"" in technological terms in Edge  Metro and the Cloud: in recent years  Ekinops has chosen to provide innovative  open and interoperable solutions for telecommunication networks. Transformation of the telecommunication market in recent years requires this type of technology  with:I. increasing levels of data processing at the edge of the network (Edge)  such as routing  voice  SD-WAN  etc.;II. a growing need for optimized optical transport solutions for metro networks (combining OTN and WDM);III. cloud solutions and platforms to manage and supervise networks and deliver new services such as PaaS (Platform as a Service).As a pioneer in virtualization  which can be used to uncouple software and platforms  and as a result of its commercial success in this technological segment  Ekinops intends  over the coming years  to become a major player in these three areas by supplying service providers with equipment and  increasingly  software and services that are regular and recurring sources of revenue.""Bigger"" in terms of ESG (Environmental  Social & Governance): To address the challenges of long-term value creation and in order to generate sustainable growth  Ekinops is intending to strengthen and accelerate its ESG actions that are focused on three key initiatives: (i) limiting the environmental impact of its business activities through energy efficient solutions ; (ii) becoming a leading and engaged employer to ESG  and (iii) acting as a responsible corporate citizen with its stakeholders. These commitments take the form of precise concrete objectives applicable to all aspects of the Group's business activities.2023 financial targetsAs a result of high levels of demand at the beginning of 2023  Ekinops has set itself the following targets for the current fiscal year:revenue growth of more than +12%;EBITDA margin between 15% and 19%  including human and technological investments to support its growth.More information on Ekinops website: https://www.ekinops.com/news/corporateAll press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEO[email protected]InvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected][1] EBITDA (Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) corresponds to current operating profit restated for (i) amortization  depreciation and provisions  and (ii) income and expenses relating to share-based payments (see appendices).[2] Adjusted EBIT corresponds to current operating income adjusted for amortization charges related to intangible assets identified post purchase price allocation  i.e. developed technologies and customer relation.[3] As of December 31  2022  the potential tax savings from unrecognized tax loss carryforwards was €13.4 million.[4] Net cash = cash and cash equivalents – borrowings (excluding bank debt relating to R&D tax credit (CIR) pre-financing and IFRS 16 lease liabilities).[5] Financial debt excluding bank debt relating to R&D tax credit pre-financing and IFRS 16 lease liabilities.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/Ekinops_Logo.jpgSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Ekinops record results', 'EBITDA margin', 'net income', 'capitalized R&D expenditure', 'quarter high business activity', 'record annual EBITDA1 margin', 'R&D equipment', 'purchase price allocation', 'global component crisis', 'foreign exchange gains', 'tax loss carryforwards', 'constant exchange rates', 'persistent supply difficulties', 'Optical Transport solutions', 'strong operating performance', 'current operating margin', 'Current operating income', 'Other operating income', 'long-term target range', 'working capital needs', 'Free cash flow', 'positive tax result', 'operating cash flow', 'full fiscal year', 'ongoing dynamic growth', '€5.5 million net increase', 'business lines', 'record levels', 'Net margin', 'net income', 'constant scope', 'strong demand', 'Net cash', 'Gross margin', 'EBIT2 margin', 'financial income', 'telecommunications solutions', 'Access solutions', 'supply chain', 'supply shortages', 'high end', '2022 fiscal year', 'growth dynamic', 'leading supplier', 'telecom operators', 'financial statements', 'statutory auditors', 'auditing procedures', 'certification report', 'Operating expenses', 'second half', 'share-based payments', 'geographic terms', 'North America', 'historic customers', 'market environment', 'sound management', 'sale prices', 'trade fairs', 'international travel', 'first time', 'intangible assets', 'trade receivables', 'financing activities', 'significant deleveraging', 'financial year', 'previous year', 'growth momentum', 'sustained growth', 'Euronext Paris', 'electronic components', 'necessary investments', 'net depreciation', 'Change Revenue', 'consolidated revenue', 'The Group', '14%-18% range', '+39% increase', '+23% growth', '+56% growth', '+38% growth', '+29% growth', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'EKINOPS', 'enterprises', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'IFRS', 'EBITDA2', 'SixSq', '2021 column', 'impact', 'recognition', 'badwill', '2 EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'appendices', 'Acceleration', 'FY', 'Software', 'Services', 'USD', 'Asia-Pacific', 'France', 'sales', 'proportion', 'pricing', 'tensions', 'development', 'recruitment', 'acquisition', 'resumption', 'attendance', 'technologies', 'use', 'EPS', 'basis', 'active', 'purchasing', 'inventory', '5.0']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,prnewswire.com
20052,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IMPLANET-SA-36846973/news/Implanet-Inside-Information-News-release-on-accounts-results-43183598/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Implanet : Inside Information / News release on accounts  results,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   IMPLANET reports its 2022 financial results    33% gross margin improvement to €5 million     15% operating loss reduction     23% improvement in the net result    ...https://www.marketscreener.com…,"Press release IMPLANET reports its 2022 financial results 33% gross margin improvement to €5 million 15% operating loss reduction 23% improvement in the net result Sanyou Medical increases its stake in Implanet to 43.14% via the exercise of all its warrants at €0.32 per share Bordeaux  Boston  March 7  2023 - 6:00 pm CET: IMPLANET (Euronext Growth: ALIMP  FR0013470168  eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plans)  a medical technology company specializing in vertebral implants and the distribution of technological medical equipment  announces its results for the financial year to December 31  2022  approved by the Board of Directors on March 7  2023. Ludovic Lastennet  IMPLANET's Chief Executive Officer  stated: ""True to the commitments we set  in 2022 we continued our cost control policy while maintaining our R&D investment capacity. These ongoing efforts  combined with the effects of the reorganization implemented in 2021  have resulted in a substantial improvement in revenue and results. Furthermore  the strategic partnership signed with Sanyou Medical in June 2022 is opening up new commercial prospects in China while expanding our range of products for treating spine disorders. Building on this commercial  technological and financial partnership  in 2023 we intend to continue this positive momentum and further our position as a key player in spine surgery"". Income statement In € thousands - Consolidated accounts  IFRS 2022 2021 Change Revenue 8 028 6 140 +31% Cost of goods sold -3 067 -2 420 +27% Gross margin 4 961 3 721 +33% Gross margin % 61.8% 60.6% Operating costs -8 930 -8 040 +11% Operating profit/loss -3 968 -4 642 -15% Financial profit/loss 428 46 +838% Net profit/loss from continuing business -3 540 -4 597 -23% Net p/l and divestment price of divested business - 1 509 - Net result -3 540 -3 088 +15% 1 Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan2022 annual revenue Activity increased by 31% in 2022  with revenue totaling €8.03 million vs. €6.14 million in 2021. This performance was due to both the organic growth in JAZZ activity (+31% in unit terms and +24% in value terms) and the effect of the OSD acquisition  which represented €2.89 million over 2022 as a whole compared with €2.04 million from the date of the acquisition in May 2021 the previous year. In France  activity grew by 23%  from €2.71 million in 2021 to €3.33 million in 2022. In the United States  activity increased by 16% thanks to +17% observed in the third quarter and +181% in the fourth quarter. Revenue generated in the United States thus totaled €1.67 million in 2022 compared with €1.44 in 2021. In the Rest of the World  export activity was multiplied by 1.5  with revenue rising from €1.95 million in 2021 to €2.94 million in 2022. Improvement in the gross margin and the net result from continuing business The gross margin improved by 33% between 2021 and 2022  from €3.72 million to €4.96 million. The gross margin as a percentage also improved over the period  to €61.8% in 2022 from 60.6% in 2021. Operating costs increased by €0.89 million in 2022  notably as a result of €0.61 million in operating expenses associated with OSD's activity (as a reminder  FY 2021 only included OSD's operating expenses from May 19  2021 onwards). Over the period  Implanet continued its policy of investing in quality control and regulatory affairs in order to secure the renewal of its marking and marketing approvals for its implants under the new European Medical Device Regulation (MDR). There was a 15% reduction in the operating loss  to €3.97 million in 2022 versus €4.64 million in 2021. Taking into account these various elements and the financial result of +€0.43 million  the net result from continuing business was -€3.54 million in 2022 versus -€4.60 million in 2021  an improvement of 23%. In 2021  Implanet had recorded a net result and divestment price of divested business of €1.51 million  essentially corresponding to the net income from the divestment of the MADISONTM business. No price supplements resulting from regulatory approvals or sales generated with partner KiCo (which could total €1.35 million) were booked in 2022. Consequently  the net loss was -€3.54 million in 2022 versus -€3.09 million in 2021. Lastly  the Company would like to reiterate its commitment to continued cost control and to complete the reorganization of operations with its new OSD subsidiary in 2023. Exercise of share subscription warrants on March 6  2023 As indicated in the press release of October 26  2022  on March 2  2023  Sanyou Medical exercised the 8 928 568 warrants it held for an amount of €2.50 million  enabling it to subscribe to 7 812 497 new Implanet shares at a price of €0.32 per share. 2 Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or JapanOver the period from October 24  2022 to March 6  2023  8 977 072 share subscription warrants were exercised for a total of €2.51 million  resulting in the creation of 7 854 938 new shares at an exercise price of €0.32 per share  representing 90.9% of all the warrants issued within the framework of the operation carried out in October 2022. Warrants not exercised by midnight on March 31  2023 will expire. Following this exercise  Sanyou Medical holds  as it had pledged  43.14% of Implanet's share capital. Cash position At December 31  2022  Implanet had a cash position of €0.53 million. As indicated above  the Company received a total amount of €2.50 million from the exercise of the warrants on March 6  2023. As a reminder  the payment of the balance of the MADISONTM business  totaling €2.30 million  is spread over time depending on the achievement of regulatory milestones relating to CE marking  with €1.45 million of this figure expected to be received during the first half of 2023. These funds will be allocated to the commercial development of the JAZZ® range in China  the finalization of the comprehensive new range of ORION hybrid fixations initiated with Sanyou Medical and the commercial deployment of the ultrasound surgical scalpel developed by SMTP Technology Co  a Sanyou Medical subsidiary. Given these elements  the Company considers that it has the means to cover its expected business financing requirements through to the end of 2023. Key 2022 highlights First surgeries in the United States with JAZZ™ PF  an innovative solution from the JAZZ® line.First surgeries in the United States with the ORIGIN cervical spine plate  marking the first successful synergies with OSD products.Signing of a commercial  technological and financial partnership with Sanyou Medical  the second largest Chinese manufacturer of medical devices for spine surgery:distribution agreement for Implanet's JAZZ® platform in China  the world's largest spine surgery market (by volume); technological partnership: joint development of a brand-new European range of hybrid fastening system; financial partnership: rights issue through the issuance of shares with warrants attached ('ABSA')  guaranteed to the tune of €5.0 million by partner Sanyou Medical.Success of the rights issue for a total of €2.77 million  including €2.5 million subscribed by Sanyou Medical.Finalization of the distribution agreement in China for Implanet's JAZZ® platform and a technological partnership to develop a new product range.Signing of an exclusive distribution contract for France regarding SMTP Technology Co.'s ultrasound surgical scalpel. 3 Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Inside Information', 'News release', 'Implanet', 'accounts', 'results', 'new European Medical Device Regulation', 'PEA-PME equity savings plans', 'R&D investment capacity', '€5 million 15% operating loss reduction', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new commercial prospects', 'technological medical equipment', 'new OSD subsidiary', 'medical technology company', 'share subscription warrants', '7,812,497 new Implanet shares', 'cost control policy', '2022 annual revenue Activity', '33% gross margin improvement', '7,854,938 new shares', 'commercial, technological', 'Sanyou Medical', 'quality control', 'Operating costs', 'Operating profit', 'operating expenses', 'net loss', 'Press release', 'Euronext Growth', 'financial year', 'Ludovic Lastennet', 'ongoing efforts', 'strategic partnership', 'spine disorders', 'financial partnership', 'positive momentum', 'key player', 'spine surgery', 'Income statement', 'Consolidated accounts', 'Financial profit', 'United States', 'organic growth', 'unit terms', 'value terms', 'previous year', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'regulatory affairs', 'marketing approvals', 'various elements', 'regulatory approvals', 'partner KiCo', 'Net profit', 'net income', 'financial result', 'continuing business', 'divested business', 'MADISONTM business', 'price supplements', 'net result', 'JAZZ activity', 'export activity', 'substantial improvement', 'vertebral implants', 'Change Revenue', 'divestment price', 'OSD acquisition', 'exercise price', '15% reduction', '8,928,568 warrants', '23% improvement', 'results', 'stake', 'Bordeaux', 'Boston', 'March', 'ALIMP', 'distribution', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'commitments', 'effects', 'reorganization', 'June', 'China', 'range', 'products', 'position', 'thousands', 'IFRS', 'goods', 'America', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'performance', 'May', 'France', 'Rest', 'World', 'percentage', 'period', 'reminder', 'FY', 'renewal', 'marking', 'MDR', 'sales', 'continued', 'operations', 'October', 'amount', 'total', 'creation', '6:00']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20053,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IMPLANET-SA-36846973/news/IMPLANET-reports-its-2022-financial-results-43183307/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,IMPLANET : reports its 2022 financial results,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   IMPLANET reports its 2022 financial results    33% gross margin improvement to €5 million     15% operating loss reduction     23% improvement in the net result    ...https://www.marketscreener.com…,"Press release IMPLANET reports its 2022 financial results 33% gross margin improvement to €5 million 15% operating loss reduction 23% improvement in the net result Sanyou Medical increases its stake in Implanet to 43.14% via the exercise of all its warrants at €0.32 per share Bordeaux  Boston  March 7  2023 - 6:00 pm CET: IMPLANET (Euronext Growth: ALIMP  FR0013470168  eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plans)  a medical technology company specializing in vertebral implants and the distribution of technological medical equipment  announces its results for the financial year to December 31  2022  approved by the Board of Directors on March 7  2023. Ludovic Lastennet  IMPLANET's Chief Executive Officer  stated: ""True to the commitments we set  in 2022 we continued our cost control policy while maintaining our R&D investment capacity. These ongoing efforts  combined with the effects of the reorganization implemented in 2021  have resulted in a substantial improvement in revenue and results. Furthermore  the strategic partnership signed with Sanyou Medical in June 2022 is opening up new commercial prospects in China while expanding our range of products for treating spine disorders. Building on this commercial  technological and financial partnership  in 2023 we intend to continue this positive momentum and further our position as a key player in spine surgery"". Income statement In € thousands - Consolidated accounts  IFRS 2022 2021 Change Revenue 8 028 6 140 +31% Cost of goods sold -3 067 -2 420 +27% Gross margin 4 961 3 721 +33% Gross margin % 61.8% 60.6% Operating costs -8 930 -8 040 +11% Operating profit/loss -3 968 -4 642 -15% Financial profit/loss 428 46 +838% Net profit/loss from continuing business -3 540 -4 597 -23% Net p/l and divestment price of divested business - 1 509 - Net result -3 540 -3 088 +15% 1 Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan2022 annual revenue Activity increased by 31% in 2022  with revenue totaling €8.03 million vs. €6.14 million in 2021. This performance was due to both the organic growth in JAZZ activity (+31% in unit terms and +24% in value terms) and the effect of the OSD acquisition  which represented €2.89 million over 2022 as a whole compared with €2.04 million from the date of the acquisition in May 2021 the previous year. In France  activity grew by 23%  from €2.71 million in 2021 to €3.33 million in 2022. In the United States  activity increased by 16% thanks to +17% observed in the third quarter and +181% in the fourth quarter. Revenue generated in the United States thus totaled €1.67 million in 2022 compared with €1.44 in 2021. In the Rest of the World  export activity was multiplied by 1.5  with revenue rising from €1.95 million in 2021 to €2.94 million in 2022. Improvement in the gross margin and the net result from continuing business The gross margin improved by 33% between 2021 and 2022  from €3.72 million to €4.96 million. The gross margin as a percentage also improved over the period  to €61.8% in 2022 from 60.6% in 2021. Operating costs increased by €0.89 million in 2022  notably as a result of €0.61 million in operating expenses associated with OSD's activity (as a reminder  FY 2021 only included OSD's operating expenses from May 19  2021 onwards). Over the period  Implanet continued its policy of investing in quality control and regulatory affairs in order to secure the renewal of its marking and marketing approvals for its implants under the new European Medical Device Regulation (MDR). There was a 15% reduction in the operating loss  to €3.97 million in 2022 versus €4.64 million in 2021. Taking into account these various elements and the financial result of +€0.43 million  the net result from continuing business was -€3.54 million in 2022 versus -€4.60 million in 2021  an improvement of 23%. In 2021  Implanet had recorded a net result and divestment price of divested business of €1.51 million  essentially corresponding to the net income from the divestment of the MADISONTM business. No price supplements resulting from regulatory approvals or sales generated with partner KiCo (which could total €1.35 million) were booked in 2022. Consequently  the net loss was -€3.54 million in 2022 versus -€3.09 million in 2021. Lastly  the Company would like to reiterate its commitment to continued cost control and to complete the reorganization of operations with its new OSD subsidiary in 2023. Exercise of share subscription warrants on March 6  2023 As indicated in the press release of October 26  2022  on March 2  2023  Sanyou Medical exercised the 8 928 568 warrants it held for an amount of €2.50 million  enabling it to subscribe to 7 812 497 new Implanet shares at a price of €0.32 per share. 2 Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or JapanOver the period from October 24  2022 to March 6  2023  8 977 072 share subscription warrants were exercised for a total of €2.51 million  resulting in the creation of 7 854 938 new shares at an exercise price of €0.32 per share  representing 90.9% of all the warrants issued within the framework of the operation carried out in October 2022. Warrants not exercised by midnight on March 31  2023 will expire. Following this exercise  Sanyou Medical holds  as it had pledged  43.14% of Implanet's share capital. Cash position At December 31  2022  Implanet had a cash position of €0.53 million. As indicated above  the Company received a total amount of €2.50 million from the exercise of the warrants on March 6  2023. As a reminder  the payment of the balance of the MADISONTM business  totaling €2.30 million  is spread over time depending on the achievement of regulatory milestones relating to CE marking  with €1.45 million of this figure expected to be received during the first half of 2023. These funds will be allocated to the commercial development of the JAZZ® range in China  the finalization of the comprehensive new range of ORION hybrid fixations initiated with Sanyou Medical and the commercial deployment of the ultrasound surgical scalpel developed by SMTP Technology Co  a Sanyou Medical subsidiary. Given these elements  the Company considers that it has the means to cover its expected business financing requirements through to the end of 2023. Key 2022 highlights First surgeries in the United States with JAZZ™ PF  an innovative solution from the JAZZ® line.First surgeries in the United States with the ORIGIN cervical spine plate  marking the first successful synergies with OSD products.Signing of a commercial  technological and financial partnership with Sanyou Medical  the second largest Chinese manufacturer of medical devices for spine surgery:distribution agreement for Implanet's JAZZ® platform in China  the world's largest spine surgery market (by volume); technological partnership: joint development of a brand-new European range of hybrid fastening system; financial partnership: rights issue through the issuance of shares with warrants attached ('ABSA')  guaranteed to the tune of €5.0 million by partner Sanyou Medical.Success of the rights issue for a total of €2.77 million  including €2.5 million subscribed by Sanyou Medical.Finalization of the distribution agreement in China for Implanet's JAZZ® platform and a technological partnership to develop a new product range.Signing of an exclusive distribution contract for France regarding SMTP Technology Co.'s ultrasound surgical scalpel. 3 Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['2022 financial results', 'IMPLANET', 'new European Medical Device Regulation', 'PEA-PME equity savings plans', 'R&D investment capacity', '€5 million 15% operating loss reduction', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new commercial prospects', 'technological medical equipment', 'new OSD subsidiary', 'medical technology company', 'share subscription warrants', '7,812,497 new Implanet shares', 'cost control policy', '2022 annual revenue Activity', '33% gross margin improvement', '7,854,938 new shares', 'commercial, technological', 'Sanyou Medical', 'quality control', 'Operating costs', 'Operating profit', 'operating expenses', 'net loss', 'Press release', 'Euronext Growth', 'financial year', 'Ludovic Lastennet', 'ongoing efforts', 'strategic partnership', 'spine disorders', 'financial partnership', 'positive momentum', 'key player', 'spine surgery', 'Income statement', 'Consolidated accounts', 'Financial profit', 'United States', 'organic growth', 'unit terms', 'value terms', 'previous year', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'regulatory affairs', 'marketing approvals', 'various elements', 'regulatory approvals', 'partner KiCo', 'Net profit', 'net income', 'financial result', 'continuing business', 'divested business', 'MADISONTM business', 'price supplements', 'net result', 'JAZZ activity', 'export activity', 'substantial improvement', 'vertebral implants', 'Change Revenue', 'divestment price', 'OSD acquisition', 'exercise price', '15% reduction', '8,928,568 warrants', '23% improvement', 'results', 'stake', 'Bordeaux', 'Boston', 'March', 'ALIMP', 'distribution', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'commitments', 'effects', 'reorganization', 'June', 'China', 'range', 'products', 'position', 'thousands', 'IFRS', 'goods', 'America', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'performance', 'May', 'France', 'Rest', 'World', 'percentage', 'period', 'reminder', 'FY', 'renewal', 'marking', 'MDR', 'sales', 'continued', 'operations', 'October', 'amount', 'total', 'creation', '6:00']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20054,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EKINOPS-13006398/news/Ekinops-record-results-FY-2022-EBITDA-margin-of-17-7-and-net-income-up-133-43182858/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Ekinops record results FY 2022: EBITDA margin of 17.7% and net income up +133%,(marketscreener.com) PARIS  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS   a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  is publishing its financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  as approved by the Boa…,"PARIS  March 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and enterprises  is publishing its financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  as approved by the Board of Directors on March 6  2023. The statutory auditors have finished auditing procedures and the certification report will be issued shortly.€m - IFRS 20211 2022 Change Revenue 103.6 127.6 +23 % Gross margin 56.5 67.6 +20 % % of revenue 54.5 % 53.0 %Operating expenses 53.1 58.4 +10 % EBITDA2 17.6 22.6 +29 % % of revenue 16.9 % 17.7 %Current operating income 3.4 9.3 +172 % Operating income 3.4 8.8 +160 % Consolidated net income 5.2 12.0 +133 % % of revenue 5.0 % 9.4 %1 The Group finalized the purchase price allocation for SixSq in the second half of the 2022 fiscal year. The 2021 column includes this impact (recognition of badwill of €0.4 million in ""Other operating income and expenses"").2 EBITDA (Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization) corresponds to current operating income restated for(i) amortization  depreciation and provisions and (ii) income and expenses linked to share-based payments (see appendices).Acceleration of growth dynamic in 2022: +23% growth in revenueIn 2022  Ekinops generated consolidated revenue of €127.6 million  up +23% from FY 2021 at constant scope (up +19% at constant exchange rates).2022 was marked by an acceleration of growth momentum  which rose from +12% in 2021 to +23% in 2022  despite persistent supply difficulties for certain electronic components which only now are starting to subside.This sustained growth was the result of strong demand for all the group's business lines: +29% for Optical Transport solutions and +20% for Access solutions. The revenue generated by Software and Services continued to grow  increasing by more than +38%  representing 15% of the group's revenue in 2022.In geographic terms  the financial year was marked by ongoing dynamic growth internationally  with +56% growth in North America (+39% in USD) and +38% growth in Asia-Pacific. In France  sales grew by +36% and were sharply up with the group's historic customers.+29% growth in EBITDA1  record annual EBITDA1 margin of 17.7%Despite the global component crisis  the gross margin was up +20% in 2022 to €67.6 million.In a severely disrupted market environment  the gross margin was 53.0%  within the long-term target range (52% - 56%)  as a result of sound management of the supply chain and of by passing on a proportion of pricing tensions through sale prices.EBITDA[1] was €22.6 million  up sharply by +29%. The rise in operating expenses was limited in 2022 (+10%)  while necessary investments in the group's development and growth continued (recruitment  acquisition of R&D equipment  resumption of attendance of trade fairs and international travel).The EBITDA1 margin reached record levels in 2022  and for the first time exceeded 17% over a full fiscal year  at 17.7% (vs. 16.9% in 2021 and 15.9% in 2020). It ended up at the high end of the 14%-18% range targeted for FY 2022.Adjusted EBIT2 margin of 12.2%After net depreciation  amortization and provisions (€11.1 million including €6.3 million in amortization related to technologies after purchase price allocation) and expenses relating to share-based payments (€2.3 million)  current operating income rose to €9.3 million in 2022  up 172% year-on-year. The current operating margin was 7.2%  compared with 3.3% a year earlier.Excluding amortization related to the intangible assets identified post purchase price allocation  adjusted EBIT[2] was 12.2%.After factoring in other operating income and expenses (€0.5 million)  operating income was up +160% to €8.8 million.After accounting for €1.2 million in financial income from foreign exchange gains and the recognition of a positive tax result of €2.0 million from the use of tax loss carryforwards[3]  net income rose +133% in 2022 to €12.0 million.Net margin also reached a record level of 9.4% (vs. 5.0% in 2021 and 3.4% in 2020).Earnings per share (EPS) more than doubled in 2022 to reach €0.45 per share  compared with €0.20 per share in the previous year (on fully diluted basis).Net cash[4] of €20.5 million at December 31  2022Ekinops' strong operating performance in 2022 led to a +39% increase in cash flow to €23.6 million before working capital needs.As a result of an increase in working capital (+€13.6 million) due to (i) active anticipated purchasing of components to address supply shortages (+€6.0 million of inventory at end-2022 compared with 2021)and (ii) end of quarter high business activity (a +€5.5 million net increase in trade receivables)  operating cash flow over the year was €9.4 million (compared with €12.5 million in 2021).Cash flow from investments was -€7.4 million  including -€4.1 million of capitalized R&D expenditure. Free cash flow in 2022 was +€2.0 million.Cash flow from financing activities (-€8.2 million) reflected the significant deleveraging carried out by the group in 2022  with the repayment of €6.9 million of bank loans (including decrease in R&D tax credit financing).In total  cash and cash equivalents reduced by €6.0 million (-€4.2 million in 2021).Cash and cash equivalents stood at €39.4 million at the end of 2022  with financial borrowings[5] reduced to €18.9 million (€23.8 million at the end of 2021 and €31.6 million at the end of 2020). Net cash4 position remained solid at €20.5 million at December 31  2022 (vs. €21.6 million a year earlier).ASSETS - €mIFRS 12/3120211 12/31 2022EQUITY & LIABILITIES - €mIFRS 12/3120211 12/31 2022 Non-current assets 75.8 79.8Shareholders' equity 99.1 113.6 o/w goodwill 28.4 28.5Financial liabilities 23.8 18.9 o/w intangible assets 24.8 21.1o/w bank loans 19.3 14.5 o/w right-of-use assets 4.6 6.8o/w factoring 4.5 4.4 Current assets 49.7 63.5R&D tax credit pre-financing 4.8 2.6 o/w inventories 19.0 25.0Trade payables 16.2 17.7 o/w trade receivables 24.2 29.9Lease liabilities 4.7 6.9 Cash & cash equivalents 45.4 39.4Other liabilities 22.3 23.0 TOTAL 170.9 182.7TOTAL 170.9 182.71 The Group finalized the purchase price allocation for SixSq in the second half of the 2022 fiscal year. Its impact is reflected in the 12/31/2021 columns.2023 and beyond: the strategic initiatives to drive Ekinops onwards and aim ""Bigger""2022 demonstrated the Group's ability to increase its market share with its differentiated offerings in various business segments and meet its customers' needs and tight deadlines.As a result  Ekinops has set itself bold growth ambitions for coming years  structured around 4 strategic priorities entitled ""Bigger"":""Bigger"" in terms of external growth : as it operates in a global market dominated by large multinationals  Ekinops is looking to accelerate its growth through acquisitions with a view to scaling up its R&D firepower  increasing its customer base and continuing on its sharp growth trajectory. One of the Group's objectives in 2023 is to complete at least one transaction during the year favoring a non-dilutive source of financing.: as it operates in a global market dominated by large multinationals  Ekinops is looking to accelerate its growth through acquisitions with a view to scaling up its R&D firepower  increasing its customer base and continuing on its sharp growth trajectory. One of the Group's objectives in 2023 is to complete at least one transaction during the year favoring a non-dilutive source of financing. ""Bigger"" in terms of customer portfolio: One of Ekinops' growth priorities is its positioning with major international customers  to provide support in their strategic network and technological developments. This ambition will result in increased sales with existing key accounts and the acquisition of new major customers.Over time  Ekinops aims to be a reference brand in the telecom universe  working with the largest telecom operators worldwide.""Bigger"" in technological terms in Edge  Metro and the Cloud: in recent years  Ekinops has chosen to provide innovative  open and interoperable solutions for telecommunication networks. Transformation of the telecommunication market in recent years requires this type of technology  with:I. increasing levels of data processing at the edge of the network (Edge)  such as routing  voice  SD-WAN  etc.;II. a growing need for optimized optical transport solutions for metro networks (combining OTN and WDM);III. cloud solutions and platforms to manage and supervise networks and deliver new services such as PaaS (Platform as a Service).As a pioneer in virtualization  which can be used to uncouple software and platforms  and as a result of its commercial success in this technological segment  Ekinops intends  over the coming years  to become a major player in these three areas by supplying service providers with equipment and  increasingly  software and services that are regular and recurring sources of revenue.""Bigger"" in terms of ESG (Environmental  Social & Governance): To address the challenges of long-term value creation and in order to generate sustainable growth  Ekinops is intending to strengthen and accelerate its ESG actions that are focused on three key initiatives: (i) limiting the environmental impact of its business activities through energy efficient solutions ; (ii) becoming a leading and engaged employer to ESG  and (iii) acting as a responsible corporate citizen with its stakeholders. These commitments take the form of precise concrete objectives applicable to all aspects of the Group's business activities.2023 financial targetsAs a result of high levels of demand at the beginning of 2023  Ekinops has set itself the following targets for the current fiscal year:revenue growth of more than +12%;EBITDA margin between 15% and 19%  including human and technological investments to support its growth.More information on Ekinops website: https://www.ekinops.com/news/corporateAll press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr[1] EBITDA (Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization) corresponds to current operating profit restated for (i) amortization  depreciation and provisions  and (ii) income and expenses relating to share-based payments (see appendices).[2] Adjusted EBIT corresponds to current operating income adjusted for amortization charges related to intangible assets identified post purchase price allocation  i.e. developed technologies and customer relation.[3] As of December 31  2022  the potential tax savings from unrecognized tax loss carryforwards was €13.4 million.[4] Net cash = cash and cash equivalents – borrowings (excluding bank debt relating to R&D tax credit (CIR) pre-financing and IFRS 16 lease liabilities).[5] Financial debt excluding bank debt relating to R&D tax credit pre-financing and IFRS 16 lease liabilities.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/Ekinops_Logo.jpgView original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-record-results-fy-2022-ebitda-margin-of-17-7-and-net-income-up-133-301764763.htmlSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Ekinops record results', 'EBITDA margin', 'net income', 'capitalized R&D expenditure', 'quarter high business activity', 'record annual EBITDA1 margin', 'R&D equipment', 'purchase price allocation', 'global component crisis', 'foreign exchange gains', 'tax loss carryforwards', 'constant exchange rates', 'persistent supply difficulties', 'Optical Transport solutions', 'strong operating performance', 'current operating margin', 'Current operating income', 'Other operating income', 'long-term target range', 'working capital needs', 'Free cash flow', 'positive tax result', 'operating cash flow', 'full fiscal year', 'ongoing dynamic growth', '€5.5 million net increase', 'business lines', 'record levels', 'Net margin', 'net income', 'constant scope', 'strong demand', 'Net cash', 'Gross margin', 'EBIT2 margin', 'financial income', 'telecommunications solutions', 'Access solutions', 'supply chain', 'supply shortages', 'high end', '2022 fiscal year', 'growth dynamic', 'leading supplier', 'telecom operators', 'financial statements', 'statutory auditors', 'auditing procedures', 'certification report', 'Operating expenses', 'second half', 'share-based payments', 'geographic terms', 'North America', 'historic customers', 'market environment', 'sound management', 'sale prices', 'trade fairs', 'international travel', 'first time', 'intangible assets', 'trade receivables', 'financing activities', 'significant deleveraging', 'financial year', 'previous year', 'growth momentum', 'sustained growth', 'Euronext Paris', 'electronic components', 'necessary investments', 'net depreciation', 'Change Revenue', 'consolidated revenue', 'The Group', '14%-18% range', '+39% increase', '+23% growth', '+56% growth', '+38% growth', '+29% growth', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'EKINOPS', 'enterprises', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'IFRS', 'EBITDA2', 'SixSq', '2021 column', 'impact', 'recognition', 'badwill', '2 EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'appendices', 'Acceleration', 'FY', 'Software', 'Services', 'USD', 'Asia-Pacific', 'France', 'sales', 'proportion', 'pricing', 'tensions', 'development', 'recruitment', 'acquisition', 'resumption', 'attendance', 'technologies', 'use', 'EPS', 'basis', 'active', 'purchasing', 'inventory', '5.0']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20055,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2621696/0/en/ING-completes-share-repurchase-for-employee-compensation.html,ING completes share repurchase for employee compensation,ING completes share repurchase for employee compensation  ING Group announced today that it has completed the share repurchase for employee...,ING completes share repurchase for employee compensationING Group announced today that it has completed the share repurchase for employee compensation which started on 1 March 2023. The total number of shares repurchased under the programme is 3 155 748 ordinary shares at an average price of €13.18 for a total consideration of €41 604 305.25. The purpose of the share repurchase is to meet obligations under the share-based compensation plans.For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares and individual share purchase transactions  see the ING website at https://www.ing.com/Investor-relations/Share-information/Share-buyback-programme.htm.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 43 15 Investor.Relations@ing.com Christoph.Linke@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees off er retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defi ned benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['share repurchase', 'employee compensation', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'Groep N.V.', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'share-based compensation plans', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'state compensation schemes', 'financial economic crimes', 'daily repurchased shares', 'major market participant', 'other forward-looking statements', 'wholesale banking services', 'related response measures', 'general economic conditions', 'Bank N.V.', 'Group Investor Relations', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'prudential supervision', 'financial services', 'share repurchase', 'employee compensation', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'European Union', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'regulatory consequences', '3,155,748 ordinary shares', 'average price', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'operating company', 'er retail', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'United Kingdom', 'equivalence decisions', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'Group shares', 'detailed information', 'total number', 'Christoph Linke', 'EU Regulation', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', '1 March', 'programme', 'purpose', 'obligations', 'website', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'people', 'step', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members', 'withdrawal', 'authorizations']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
20056,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BANCO-BPM-S-P-A-32657182/news/Banco-BPM-S-p-A-7-Marzo-2023-Non-price-sensitiveShare-based-compensation-plan-of-Banco-BPM-S-p-A-43183418/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Banco BPM S p A : 7 Marzo 2023 - Non price sensitiveShare-based compensation plan of Banco BPM S.p.A.,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Share-based compensation plan of Banco BPM S.p.A.   The plan targets 150 potential recipients   At least 50 percent of the short-term incentive will be paid through Banco BPM shares subject to   to deferral…,"The Plan allows for the enhancement of a portion of the variable remuneration component to be paid in Banco BPM ordinary shares (the ""Shares"") from the short-term incentive plan (the ""STI Plan 2023 "").For possible recipients of the Plan - consistent with current regulatory provisions - the incentive recognized is subject to deferral clauses of four or five years and retention (restriction on sale) clauses of one year.The implementation of the Plan is subject to the achievement of predetermined access conditions aimed at ensuring the Group's profitability  capital stability and liquidity; it is also conditional on the achievement of specific financial and non-financial objectives  among which the ESG (Environmental  Social and Governance) sphere assumes relevance.The Plan will be part of the remuneration policy that the Group will adopt for 2023  to support the Strategic Plan 2021-2024 and to align interests between management and shareholders  remunerating the Group's strategic resources according to the creation of value in the medium - to - long term.Verona  7 March 2023 - Banco BPM announces that today the Board of Directors has approved the essential terms of Banco BPM's share-based compensation plan (hereinafter the ""Plan"")  pursuant to Articles 114-bis of Legislative Decree no. 58/98 (hereinafter the ""TUF"") and 84-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999  as amended and supplemented (hereinafter the ""Issuers' Regulation"")  as well as applicable supervisory provisions  to be submitted for approval to the next Shareholders' Meeting on April 20  2023.At least 50 percent of the short-term incentive will be paid through Banco BPM shares subject toThe potential recipients of the STI Plan are approximately 150 people  attributable to the most relevant personnel category.For the STI Plan  which will end in 2030  at least 50 percent of the recognized incentive will be paid through the award of Shares  and the expected expense is estimated at €5 million (before taxation for potential recipients).These amounts include all deferred incentive shares that will accrue only upon the occurrence of all future conditions expected from time to time.At the instigation of the ESG Committee  the Group has declined in the Strategic Plan 2021-2024 its strategy of action and embarked on a major sustainability journey. The goal is to strengthen and concretize the integration of sustainability in corporate activities and business and  consequently  in incentive mechanisms.The process of integrating ESG strategy into the Group's governance models is also significantly reflected in the remuneration policy with reference to incentive mechanisms. In fact  the combination of objectives referring to the banking business with ESG metrics  attributed to staff in an increasingly widespread and diversified manner  is considered a key factor in strengthening the Group's results in the medium term  as it enables the combination of personal satisfaction and socio-environmental sustainability.***Approval of the proposal to purchase and dispose of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors has resolved to submit to the next Shareholders' Meeting on April 20  2023 the request for authorization to purchase and dispose of treasury shares  in order to implement  in compliance with current regulations  the remuneration policy adopted by the Bank  which provides  in particular for the Group's most relevant personnel  that at least 50% of the incentive recognized shall be paid in Shares.In any case  purchase and disposition transactions will be carried out in compliance with applicable regulations in particular on ""market abuse "" ensuring equal treatment of the shareholders.Without prejudice to the provisions of Article 2357  paragraphs 1 and 3  of the Italian Civil Code  the requested authorization concerns the purchase of treasury shares  for a maximum number of ordinary shares of Banco BPM corresponding to an amount not exceeding Euro 5 million.The authorization to purchase treasury shares is requested until the Shareholders' Meeting at which the approval of the financial statements for the year 2023 will be submitted  without prejudice to the provisions of Article 2357  paragraph 2  of the Civil Code. The authorization to dispose of treasury shares  even before the purchases are exhausted  is requested without time limit.The purchase price of each of the treasury shares must be  in compliance with the provisions of the Civil Code and Article 3  paragraph 2  of EC Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 of March 8  2016  as a minimum  not 15% lower and  as a maximum  not 15% higher than the official price recorded by the share on the Euronext Milan Market on the day before the purchase.With regard to the disposition of the shares purchased  to be carried out in any case in compliance with the applicable regulatory provisions  only the minimum price limit of the sale to third parties is defined  which shall in any case be no less than 95% of the average of the official prices recorded by the stock on the MTA in the three days preceding the sale. This price limit may be waived in the case of the assignment of treasury shares as part of the implementation of the remuneration policy adopted by the Bank and  in any case  the assignment of shares (or options on them) in execution of compensation plans based on financial instruments.Purchase transactions may be carried out  pursuant to art. 132 of the TUF and art. 144-bis of the Issuers' Regulations; in particular  purchases must be carried out by means of a public purchase or",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.27,0.49,True,English,"['Non price sensitiveShare-based compensation plan', 'Banco BPM S.p.A.', '7 Marzo', 'Banco BPM ordinary shares', 'predetermined access conditions', 'Euronext Milan Market', 'EC Delegated Regulation', 'variable remuneration component', 'relevant personnel category', 'major sustainability journey', 'share-based compensation plan', 'Italian Civil Code', 'applicable supervisory provisions', ""next Shareholders' Meeting"", 'applicable regulatory provisions', 'current regulatory provisions', 'Banco BPM shares', 'deferred incentive shares', 'minimum price limit', 'short-term incentive plan', 'applicable regulations', 'future conditions', 'current regulations', 'market abuse', 'Consob Regulation', ""Issuers' Regulation"", 'official price', 'remuneration policy', 'possible recipients', 'deferral clauses', 'five years', 'capital stability', 'specific financial', 'Environmental, Social', 'Governance) sphere', 'strategic resources', 'long term', 'essential terms', 'Legislative Decree', 'potential recipients', 'expected expense', 'corporate activities', 'governance models', 'diversified manner', 'key factor', 'personal satisfaction', 'socio-environmental sustainability', 'treasury shares', 'equal treatment', 'financial statements', 'third parties', 'three days', 'incentive mechanisms', 'time limit', 'STI Plan', 'Strategic Plan', 'ESG Committee', 'ESG metrics', 'purchase price', 'one year', 'non-financial objectives', 'banking business', 'medium term', 'disposition transactions', 'maximum number', 'sale) clauses', 'ESG strategy', 'enhancement', 'portion', 'four', 'retention', 'restriction', 'implementation', 'achievement', 'Group', 'profitability', 'liquidity', 'relevance', 'interests', 'management', 'creation', 'value', 'Verona', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Articles', 'TUF', 'approval', 'April', '50 percent', '150 people', 'award', 'taxation', 'amounts', 'instigation', 'goal', 'integration', 'process', 'reference', 'combination', 'staff', 'widespread', 'results', 'proposal', 'request', 'authorization', 'order', 'compliance', 'case', 'prejudice', 'paragraphs', 'purchases', 'March', 'less', 'average', 'stock', 'MTA', '7']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20057,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DISRUPTIVE-CAPITAL-ACQUIS-127886492/news/Final-Outcome-of-Repurchase-Offers-43182464/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Final Outcome of Repurchase Offers,(marketscreener.com) DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED Final Outcome of Repurchase Offers in Respect ofDCAC Shareholders and DCAC Public Warrant Holders 7 March 2023 THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS …,"DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED(“DCAC or the Company”)Final Outcome of Repurchase Offersin Respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XZ39) andDCAC Public Warrant Holders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XY22)7 March 2023THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWSStatus of the proposed Business CombinationDCAC announced proposals to form a Business Combination with Advanced Cables on 20th February 2023. The DCAC Board today agreed to expedite the proposals  following confirmation from further governmental representatives of their in principle support  as well as the support of strategic co-investors. DCAC will therefore now agree an exclusive option to acquire the Target.A separate update is being formulated and will be circulated to DCAC Shareholders shortly.DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders are advised that  if completed and approved by DCAC Shareholders  the Business Combination may result in a material increase in the value of DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants.Status of the Repurchase OfferCopies of the Repurchase Tender Document and the Stub Tender Offer Circular are available on DCAC's website: www.disruptivecapitalac.com .Under the Repurchase Offer (as defined and undertaken pursuant to the Repurchase Tender Document issued by the Company on 25 January 2023)  DCAC Ordinary Shareholders were eligible to submit tenders ahead of the final date for tenders to be submitted  being the 22 February 2023.DCAC Shareholders contemplating submitting a tender were made aware that  due to settlement and anti-money laundering processes  only valid tenders submitted in time for clearance would be considered for settlement and no tenders would be considered after 15:00 CET on 22 February 2023.Further  as was provided for in the Repurchase Tender Document  no tenders would be accepted by DCAC unless the tendering DCAC Shareholder demonstrated to the DCAC Board’s satisfaction that they were only tendering 95% of their holding; and were the holder of record of the DCAC Ordinary Shares being tendered as at the Record Date  so being on the Share Register at 17:40 CET on 10 February 2023.Inter alia  Clause 5.12 of the Repurchase Tender Document provides that:""All decisions as to the number of DCAC Ordinary Shares tendered and the validity or eligibility (including the time and date of receipt) of any tender of DCAC Ordinary Shares will be made by the Company. The Company’s decision shall be final and binding on all of the parties. The Company reserves the right to reject any or all tenders that it determines in its absolute discretion not to be in proper form and tendered in good faith; or the acceptance or payment for which may  in the sole opinion of the Company  be unlawful or in breach of sanctions or other such regulations. No tender of DCAC Ordinary Shares will be deemed to be validly made until all defects or irregularities have been cured or waived. The consideration under the Tender Offer will not be dispatched until the Company is duly satisfied. The decision of the Company as to which DCAC Ordinary Shares have been successfully tendered shall be final and binding on all DCAC Ordinary Shareholders.""As of 4 March 2023  tenders that were received purporting to cover 11 850 178 DCAC Ordinary Shares  including tenders submitted after the deadline in respect of 380 000 DCAC Ordinary SharesThe Company agreed to repurchase 10 820 564 DCAC Ordinary Shares  which have now been settled at a price of £10.789 / DCAC Ordinary Share.The DCAC Board  its listing agent  administrators and lawyers have carefully reviewed and sought to reconcile the Tenders where there appeared to be discrepancies. It also discharged its promise to make due and careful enquiry of those that submitted those tenders. Whilst it has been difficult  costly and time consuming to reconcile tenders  the totality of tenders would have suggested that there were 440 901 more shares in public issue than was actually the case.Purported Repurchase Tenders for 1 029 614 DCAC Ordinary Shares were investigated by the DCAC Board as being potentially invalid.The DCAC Board is mindful of its duty of care to all DCAC Shareholders  and to make sure that that the interests of all DCAC Shareholders are not prejudiced by the actions or inactions of a minority  whether inadvertent or otherwise. The DCAC Board has reached a final and definitive conclusion under §5.12 of the Repurchase Offer  with the Repurchase Tenders in respect of the 1 029 614 DCAC Ordinary Shares under investigation falling into the following categories (or in some cases more than one category):Tenders for 291 737 DCAC Ordinary Shares are now regarded as being valid; Tenders for 357 876 DCAC Ordinary Shares where the DCAC Board has confirmed to its satisfaction that it was correctly of the opinion that either the DCAC Shareholder had tendered for more than 95% of the DCAC Ordinary Shares held under their control as at the Record Date; and/or had acquired the DCAC Ordinary Shares after the Record Date; and/or had already tendered holdings under the same fund management in earlier settlement rounds; Tenders for 380 000 DCAC Ordinary Shares received after the cut-off time  (of which 270 275 would otherwise have been valid  and 109 725 would also have fallen under b) above).Whilst the DCAC Board appreciated the co-operation of those DCAC Shareholders who replied to our enquiries  nonetheless it is difficult to treat those DCAC Shareholders who had submitted valid tenders fairly by accepting invalid tenders. Therefore  only Repurchase Tenders for 11 112 302 DCAC Ordinary Shares are hereby declared by the DCAC Board as being valid and the Company has therefore agreed to repurchase the same. As all Repurchase Tenders were made at £10.789 / DCAC Ordinary Share  this results in £119.89 million being returned to DCAC Shareholders.The repurchased DCAC Ordinary Shares will be held as Treasury Shares  pending prospective reissue under the potential Advanced Cables Business Combination (as further described in the press release issued by the Company on 20 February 2023). The Company confirms that  once these repurchases have been settled  the Company will own 87.16% of its total issued share capital in Treasury. DCAC Shareholders should note that consequent upon the proposed Business Combination  there may be issue of further DCAC Ordinary Shares  DCAC Sponsor Shares and/or new DCAC Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to any exercise of DCAC Warrants  over and above the re-issue of Treasury Shares.However  in respect of invalid tenders where the DCAC Board is of the reasonably formed opinion that the DCAC shareholder had inadvertently made an administrative error and has admitted to the same  the Board will instruct its agents to engage with those DCAC Shareholders to see if a reasonable accommodation can be made  as long as such DCAC Shareholders bear the time and out of pocket costs associated with the reconciliation exercise so as not to disadvantage other DCAC Shareholders. Further consideration will be given to the status of shares that were tendered  but which tenders have been declared ineligible  noting inter alia Clause 8.1 of the Repurchase Tender document. Following the Repurchase Tender  the DCAC share holdings are as follows:DCAC Ordinary Shares Number % (ex treasury)Residual held post valid tenders 649 822 38.9%Ineligible tenders 737 876 44.2%Held by DCAC Sponsor 281 252 16.9%In Treasury 11 331 052Total 13 000 002Due to the procedural complexities resulting from the invalid tendering  settlement of valid tenders was delayed. We once again apologise that those who had validly tendered were inconvenienced accordingly.The Company wishes to thank its executive  Kempen and Admina for their work in ascertaining the validity of the Tenders.Edmund TruellCEO  DCACAbout DCACDCAC is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated on 29 April 2021 under the Companies Law as a non-cellular company limited by shares. DCAC was created for the purpose of completing a merger  amalgamation  share exchange  asset and/or liability acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with a target business or entity.DCAC's leadership team comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer); non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director)  and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director); and special advisers: Dimitri Goulandris  Kari Stadigh and Luke Webster.DCAC was launched by Disruptive Capital GP Limited  a Guernsey investment firm licensed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission to carry on controlled investment business under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law  2020. Disruptive Capital GP was founded by Edmund Truell and his late brother  Daniel Truell  former CIO of the Wellcome Trust charitable endowment. Following his death  the firm is now owned by the de Boucaud Truell Inter-Generational FLP and the Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  set up to ‘make money for charity by being good investors’.The initial public offering of DCAC took place on 6 October 2021. DCAC successfully completed the DCAC IPO  raising £125 million from new investors. Pursuant to reorganisation plans  some £119.89 million has and is being returned to shareholders  all at a price of £10.789 per DCAC Ordinary Share. The Company now holds some £7.2 million in cash  post settlement of the valid share repurchases and having met all its outstanding liabilities.DCAC announced proposals to form a Business Combination with Advanced Cables on 20th February 2023. The proposals are being formulated and will be circulated to shareholders in the near future.The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants are currently separately listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam under the ISIN GG00BMB5XZ39 and symbol DCACS for the DCAC Ordinary Shares and ISIN GG00BMB5XY22 and symbol DCACW for the DCAC Warrants.A copy of this release is available on the Company’s website: www.disruptivecapitalac.comEnquiries to:Edi Truell  CEOtruell@disruptivecapital.com+41 79 953 8396ordisruptive@admina.ggRegistered officeFirst Floor10 Lefebvre StreetSt Peter PortGuernseyGY1 2PEMedia inquiries:",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.05,0.8,True,English,"['Final Outcome', 'Repurchase Offers', 'DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'Stub Tender Offer Circular', 'DCAC Public Warrant Holders', 'DCAC Warrant Holders', 'anti-money laundering processes', 'APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS', 'tendering DCAC Shareholder', 'DCAC Ordinary Shares', 'Repurchase Tender Document', 'DCAC Ordinary Shareholders', 'The DCAC Board', 'Purported Repurchase Tenders', 'public issue', 'Repurchase Offer', 'DCAC Shareholders', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'Share Register', 'DCAC Warrants', 'ISIN Code', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'Business Combination', 'Advanced Cables', 'strategic co', 'exclusive option', 'separate update', 'material increase', 'Inter alia', 'absolute discretion', 'proper form', 'good faith', 'sole opinion', 'listing agent', 'careful enquiry', 'definitive conclusion', 'following categories', 'The Company', 'Final Outcome', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'principle support', 'final date', 'valid tenders', '20th February', 'Record Date', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', '22 February', '10 February', 'Respect', '7 March', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', 'REGULATIONS', 'FAILURE', 'RESTRICTIONS', 'Status', 'proposals', 'confirmation', 'representatives', 'investors', 'Target', 'value', 'Copies', 'website', '25 January', 'settlement', 'time', 'clearance', 'satisfaction', 'holding', 'Clause', 'decisions', 'number', 'validity', 'eligibility', 'receipt', 'parties', 'right', 'acceptance', 'payment', 'breach', 'sanctions', 'defects', 'irregularities', 'consideration', '4 March', 'deadline', 'price', 'administrators', 'lawyers', 'discrepancies', 'promise', 'due', 'totality', 'case', 'duty', 'interests', 'actions', 'minority', 'investigation', '15:00', '17:40', '440,901', '§']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20058,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2622389/0/en/MRM-2022-annual-results.html,MRM: 2022 annual results,Press release   2022 annual results    Transformative acquisition of two properties from Altarea in late 2022  Flins and Ollioules shopping centres......,English FrenchPress release2022 annual resultsTransformative acquisition of two properties from Altarea in late 2022 Flins and Ollioules shopping centres included in MRM’s portfolio from 16 November 2022 Significant increase in portfolio size to €245 million (+51%) Increase in annualised net rents to €15 million (+62%) Sharp fall in the operating expenses/rental income ratio from 31% in 2021 to 19% in 2022 pro forma 1Good operational performance 2 Retailer revenue up 3% compared with 2019 at constant scope 3 13 leases signed in 2022  representing 9.4% of the rental baseSolid financial performance 4 Net rental income up 2.4% Net operating cash flow up 2.7% Net LTV ratio kept under control at 43.6% End-2022 EPRA NDV per share up 1.3% compared with the end-2021 figure adjusted for the shareholder pay-out 5Proposed pay - out of €1.80 per share Pay-out per share unchanged from last year 47% increase in the total pay-out to €5.8 millionParis  7 March 2023: MRM (Euronext code ISIN FR00140085W6)  a real estate investment company specialising in retail property  today announced its results for the year ended 31 December 2022. This press release follows on from the review and approval of the financial statements by MRM’s Board of Directors in its meeting of 7 March 2023.François Matray  Chief Executive Officer of MRM  said: “In late 2022  MRM moved to a whole new level in terms of scale by acquiring two shopping centres from Altarea. This increased the value of our portfolio by more than 50% and our rental base by more than 60%. In addition  by funding the deal with a balance of debt and equity  we kept our LTV ratio under control  while welcoming Altarea among our shareholders. Our existing portfolio also performed well in operational terms in 2022. Retailer revenue in our shopping centres rose above its 2019 level and lettings activity remained firm  resulting in an increase of almost 3% in our annualised net rents. From 2023  the acquisitions will have their full effect  boosting our revenue as well as our operating margin through better coverage of fixed costs. Above all  we will be able to apply our asset management and value-enhancement skills across a larger portfolio. We are therefore highly confident that we will be able to increase annualised net rents to above €16 million by 2025 at constant scope.”A year marked by the structuring acquisition of two shopping centersIn late 2022  MRM acquired two shopping centres from Altarea for a total of €90.4 million including transfer taxes. These shopping centres have been part of MRM’s portfolio and consolidated in its financial statements since 16 November 2022.One shopping centre is located in Flins in the Yvelines region of France  and the other one in Ollioules in the Var region. They are successful properties combining yields with value-enhancement potential. Both have a Carrefour hypermarket as food retail anchor and are leading shopping centres within their catchment areas. Integrating these shopping centres has taken MRM’s scale to a whole new level. The value of its portfolio has increased by more than 50% and its annualised net rents by more than 60%  and this is opening up new perspectives.As announced in late July 2022  the deal was funded through two capital increases totalling €50 million  subscribed by SCOR SE and Altarea in an amount of €25 million each. The rest of the transaction cost was financed through a €42 million bank loan. This scheme enabled MRM to keep its LTV ratio under control at less than 44%.Ongoing good momentum in operational termsWithin MRM’s historic scope6  retailer revenue was 3% higher than in 2019. This strong performance was due to a 2% increase in retailer revenue for stores of over 500 sqm and a 5% increase for stores of less than 500 sqm.Retailer revenue7 2022 vs. 2019 2022 vs. 20218 Large stores (> 500 sqm) +2% +2% Small stores (< 500 sqm) +5% +7% Total +3% +3%In MRM’s historic scope  13 leases were signed in 2022  representing total rents of €0.9 million and a total floor area of 4 900 sqm. The average reversion rate compared with market rental values was +1%.New leases notably include:• Ongoing lettings activity at the Valentin shopping centre (near Besançon): new leases totalling 270 sqm were signed  further improving the retailer mix;• The reletting of the 2 000 sqm medium-sized unit within the Carré Vélizy mixed-use development (Vélizy-Villacoublay)  vacated by Office Depot in January 2022  to fitness chain On Air  with the new lease coming into effect on 29 April 2022;• The addition of two Rougié & Plé stores with total floorspace of 1 100 sqm in Passage de la Réunion in Mulhouse;• A 700 sqm unit in Aria Parc in Allonnes let to Takko Fashion  taking the occupancy rate of this retail park – which is discount-focused with two key retailers Action and Centrakor – to 100%.This good level of lettings activity increased the historic scope’s physical occupancy rate by 1.0 point and its financial occupancy rate by 0.6 point. The addition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres also boosted overall physical and financial occupancy rates by 0.3 and 0.6 point respectively. After retail chain Camaïeu has been placed in liquidation in September 2022  three units occupied by Camaïeu – one in MRM’s historic portfolio and two in the Flins and Ollioules centres – entirely offset those increases  and so physical and financial occupancy rates as at 31 December 2022 remained stable at 90% and 88% respectively.Annualised net rents totalled €15.1 million as at 1 January 2023  an increase of 62% relative to 1 January 2022. That major increase resulted from the addition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres while annualised net rents in the historic scope continued to rise from €9.3 million to €9.6 million  an increase of 3%.Sharp rise in portfolio valueThe value of MRM’s portfolio was €244.9 million as at 31 December 2022  a year-on-year increase of 51.2% driven by the integration of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres. The value of MRM’s historic portfolio saw a limited decline of 0.9% over a year.€ million 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Change Like-for-like change9 Portfolio value excl. TT 244.9 162.0 +51.2% -0.9%Financial resultsRental incomeGross rental income for 2022  corresponding to rents billed  amounted to €10.2 million  an increase of 4.7%. This was mainly driven by changes in scope: the Flins and Ollioules acquisition had a positive effect of €0.7 million (consolidated for 1.5 months)  while the October 2021 disposals had a negative impact of €0.2 million.Like-for-like  gross rental income was stable  with new leases and indexation offsetting the effect of the medium-sized unit in Carré Vélizy becoming temporarily vacant from January 2022 (new lease effective from late April 2022).After taking into account non-recovered property expenses  net rental income was €8.1 million compared with €8.0 million in 2021  an increase of 2.4%.Rental income€ million 2022 2021 Change Like-for-like change Gross rental income 10.2 9.7 +4.7% 0.0% Recurring non-recovered property expenses (1.9) (1.6) Non-recurring items10 (0.2) 0.2 Net rental income 8.1 8.0 +2.4%Unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreementsThe unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements  introduced to support tenants  resulted in the reversal of provisions set aside in previous years.The collection rate for rents an charges also moved back to a normal level  rising above 95% for the year as a whole.Net operating cash flow 11 of €4. 0 millionAs a result of the increase in net rental income  the positive impact from the unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements and lower operating expenses  EBITDA rose by 5.4% to €5.8 million in 2022.The net cost of debt rose from €1.2 million in 2021 to €1.8 million in 2022. This was due to the new €42.0 million loan that partly funded the acquisition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres  but also the increase in the average cost of debt caused by higher interest rates.Net operating cash flow was €4.0 million  up 2.7% relative to 2021.€ million 2022 2021 Change Net rental income 8.2 8.0 +2.5% Tenant support measures 0.4 (0.2) Operating expenses (2.4) (2.5) -2.6% Other operating income and expenses (0.4) 0.2 EBITDA 5.8 5.5 +5.4% Net cost of debt (1.8) (1.6) Net operating cash flow 4.0 3.9 +2.7%On a full-year basis  the additional revenue from the two shopping centres acquired in late 2022 will result in better coverage of operating expenses. Operating expenses equalled 19.1% of net rental income based on pro forma 2022 figures12 as opposed to 29.5% on the basis of reported 2022 figures and 31.0% in 2021.Calculated on the basis of the implementation of the new €42.0 million loan at the start of 2022  and therefore of more favorable borrowing conditions than the current rates  the cost of debt amounts to €2.6 million in 2022 on a pro forma basis. Applying a 3-month Euribor rate of 3% to the whole of 2022  the pro forma 2022 cost of debt would be €4.4 million.Solid financial position maintainedIn November 2022  MRM arranged a new €42.0 million bank loan  due to mature in late 2029  to fund the acquisition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres.MRM had €116.7 million of debt outstanding at 31 December 2022  as opposed to €75.7 million at end-2021. The average cost of debt was 2.07%. MRM’s debt is fully remunerated at variable rate and 77% is hedged by caps (with strike rates between 1% and 2.5%).The next significant redemption date is in late 2028.At the end of December 2022  MRM had cash and cash equivalents of €10.4 million compared with €9.7 million a year earlier.The funding scheme used to acquire the two shopping centres allowed MRM to keep its net LTV ratio under control at 43.6% at end-December 2022 as opposed to 40.0% a year earlier.End-2022 NAV per share up 1.3% compared with the end-2021 figure adjusted for the shareholder pay - outEPRA NDV amounted to €139.0 million at the end of December 2022. This compares with €97.4 million a year earlier  or €93.5 million after the €3.9 million pay-out to shareholders with respect to 2021. After pay-out  this represents a 48.7% increase in EPRA NDV. The increase mainly reflects the impact of:Capital increases in 2022  amounting to €49.1 million net of fees;Net operating cash flow of €4.0 million in 2022;An €-8.8 million change in the fair value of properties  comprising a €6.4 million charge related to transfer taxes and acquisition fees for the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres and a -€2.4 million change in fair value of the historic portfolio;A €1.6 million change in the fair value of financial instruments.Adjusted for the shareholder pay-out with respect to 2021  EPRA NDV per share was €42.8 at the end of December 2021. At the end of December 2022  EPRA NDV per share was €43.4. This represents an increase of 1.3%  despite the increase in the number of shares caused by capital increases in 2022.Shareholder pay-outMRM’s Board of Directors has decided to propose to the shareholders a pay-out premiums in an amount of €1.80 per share with respect to 2022  similar to the amount per share paid out with respect to 2021. This would correspond to a total pay-out of €5.8 million  as opposed to the €3.9 million paid out the previous year.This represents a yield of 6.7% based on the share price at 6 March 2023.The pay-out is subject to approval in the 7 June 2023 General Meeting of Shareholders. The ex date is expected to be 12 June 2023  with a payment date of 14 June 2023.OutlookWith its larger store portfolio and its relationships with a greater number of retailers and chains  MRM intends to continue implementing its dynamic asset management policy  with the following priorities:• Analysing and implementing investment programmes aimed at enhancing the value of properties  i.e. both the historic portfolio and the two shopping centres acquired in late 2022;• Letting available space;• Implementing the Company’s ESG action plan and Climate Plan  paying particular attention to reducing energy consumption and proactively publishing a Statement of Non-Financial Performance (Déclaration de Performance Extra Financière  DPEF) in April 2023;• Managing the property portfolio dynamically  looking at potential acquisitions and disposals.From 2023  MRM will see the full impact of acquiring the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres  which will boost its revenue as well as its operating margin through better coverage of fixed costs.MRM confirms that  including these acquisitions  it is aiming for annualised net rents of over €16 million by 2025  as opposed to €10 million previously. This target is based on the current portfolio (excluding any acquisitions and disposals).Finally  MRM intends to maintain its policy of making regular pay-outs to shareholders.CalendarFinancial information for the first quarter of 2023 will be published before the market opens on 11 May 2023.The General Meeting of Shareholders will take place on 7 June 2023.About MRMMRM is a listed real estate investment company that owns and manages a portfolio of retail properties across several regions of France. Its majority shareholder is SCOR SE  which owns 56.63% of its share capital. MRM is listed on Compartment C of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR00140085W6 - Bloomberg code: MRM:FP – Reuters code: MRM.PA).MRM opted for SIIC status on 1 January 2008.For more information  please contact:MRM5 avenue Kléber75795 Paris Cedex 16FranceT: +33 (0)1 58 44 70 00relation_finances@mrminvest.com Isabelle Laurent  OPRG FinancialT: +33 (0)6 42 37 54 17isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frWebsite: www.mrminvest.comAppendix 1: Retailer mixSector breakdown (CNCC categories)% of annualised gross rents 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Household goods 18% 26% Food and drink 18% 20% Personal goods 17% 10% Health and beauty 16% 9% Culture  gifts  leisure 11% 8% Services 8% 9% Entertainment 7% 11% Offices 5% 7%Appendix 2: Fourth-quarter revenue€ million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change Like-for-like change Gross rental income 3.07 2.38 +29.1% -0.3%Appendix 3: Income statementSimplified IFRS income statement€ million 2022 2021 Net rental income 8.1 8.0 Operating expenses (2.4) (2.5) Provisions net of reversals 0.8 (0.9) Other operating income and expenses (1.1) (0.1) Operating income before disposals and change in fair value 5.4 4.5 Net gains/(losses) on disposal of assets - 0.4 Change in fair value of properties (8.8) 2.6 Operating income (3.4) 7.6 Net cost of debt (1.8) (1.2) Other financial income and expense 1.6 (0.8) Net income before tax (3.6) 5.6 Tax - - Consolidated net income (3.6) 5.6Operating income before disposals and change in fair value was €5.4 million in 2022  up 21.6% compared with 2021. That increase was due to:A 2.4% increase in net rental income from €8.0 million in 2021 to €8.1 million in 2022; A slight decrease in operating expenses from €2.5 million in 2021 to €2.4 million in 2022; The unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements in 2022  which resulted in the reversal of provisions set aside in previous years: the sub-total of provisions net of reversals and other net operating income and expenses represented an expense of €0.3 million in 2022 as opposed to an expense of €1.0 million in 2021.Transfer taxes and acquisition fees related to the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres represented an expense of €6.4 million. The fair value of the existing portfolio also fell by €2.4 million  leading to a total €-8.8 million change in the fair value of properties  as opposed to a €2.6 million change in 2021.As a result  there was an operating loss of €3.4 million in 2022  as opposed to operating income of €7.6 million in 2021.The net cost of debt rose from €1.2 million in 2021 to €1.8 million in 2022  due to the new loan that partly funded the acquisition of the Flins and Ollioules centres  but also the increase in the average cost of debt caused by higher interest rates.MRM also benefited from a positive change in the fair value of financial instruments in an amount of €1.6 million. As a result  net financial expense was €0.2 million compared with €2.0 million a year earlier.Overall  MRM made a consolidated net loss of €3.6 million in 2022  as opposed to net income of €5.6 million in 2021.Appendix 4: 2022 pro forma figures2022 pro forma figures are based on the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres being acquired on 1 January 2022.€ million 2022pro forma 2022reported 2021 Consolidation of the Flins and Ollioules centres Assumed over12 months 1.5 months Gross rental income 15.1 10.2 9.7 Net rental income 13.1 8.1 8.0 Operating expenses (2.5) (2.4) (2.5) EBITDA 10.6 5.8 5.5 Net cost of debt (2.6) (1.8) (1.6) Net operating cash flow 8.1 4.0 3.9If the new €42.0 million loan had been in place at the start of 2022  when borrowing conditions were more favourable than currently  the cost of debt would have been €2.6 million in 2022 on a pro forma basis. Applying a 3-month Euribor rate of 3% to the whole of 2022  the pro forma 2022 cost of debt would be €4.4 million and net operating cash flow would be €6.2 million.Appendix 5: Balance sheetSimplified IFRS balance sheet€ million 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Investment property 244.9 162.0 Current receivables / assets 11.0 7.6 Cash and cash equivalents 10.0 9.8 Total assets 265.9 179.4 Equity 139.0 97.4 Bank debt 116.7 74.4 Other debt and liabilities 10.2 7.6 Total equity and liabilities 265.9 179.4Appendix 6: Net Asset ValueNet Asset Value31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Total€ m Per shareIn € Total€ m Per shareIn € EPRA NDV 139.0 43.4 97.4 44.6 EPRA NRV 152.8 47.7 108.0 49.5 Number of shares(adjusted for treasury stock) 3 201 950 2 181 2661 Assuming acquisition of the two shopping centers on 01/01/20222 On the historic scope  i.e. excluding the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres acquired at the very end of the year3 Based on available revenue figures for tenants already in place in the comparison year4 Reported revenue taking into account the consolidation of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres for 1.5 months5 Total of €3.9 million paid out with respect to FY 20216 Excluding the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres acquired at the very end of the year7 Based on available revenue figures for tenants already in place in the comparison year8 Excluding the Valentin shopping centre  which was forced to close for Covid reasons for three months in 2021: including that centre  retailer revenue would have risen 5%  with a 14% increase for stores of less than 500 sqm9 Change in portfolio value adjusted for disposals in 2021 and acquisitions in 202210 Related to adjustments of rental charges11 Net operating cash flow = consolidated net income before tax adjusted for non-cash items12 Based on the two shopping centres being acquired on 01/01/2022 (see table in the appendix)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'MRM', 'Passage de la Réunion', 'Carré Vélizy mixed-use development', 'real estate investment company', 'Net operating cash flow', 'operating expenses/rental income ratio', 'Net rental income', 'Euronext code ISIN', 'François Matray', 'Chief Executive Officer', '€42 million bank loan', 'annualised net rents', 'average reversion rate', 'two capital increases', 'two key retailers', 'One shopping centre', 'Valentin shopping centre', 'market rental values', 'physical occupancy rate', 'two shopping centers', 'food retail anchor', 'Net LTV ratio', 'Solid financial performance', 'financial occupancy rate', 'two shopping centres', 'total floor area', 'Ollioules shopping centres', 'Good operational performance', '2,000 sqm medium-sized unit', 'Ongoing lettings activity', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay', 'operating margin', 'two properties', 'two Rougié', 'strong performance', 'total rents', 'rental base', 'financial statements', 'retail property', 'good momentum', 'retail park', 'good level', 'English French', 'Press release', 'Sharp fall', 'constant scope', 'end-2021 figure', 'shareholder pay-out', 'operational terms', 'fixed costs', 'asset management', 'value-enhancement skills', 'transfer taxes', 'Yvelines region', 'Var region', 'successful properties', 'value-enhancement potential', 'Carrefour hypermarket', 'catchment areas', 'new perspectives', 'SCOR SE', 'transaction cost', 'historic scope', 'Retailer revenue7', 'Besançon', 'retailer mix', 'Office Depot', 'fitness chain', 'new lease', 'Aria Parc', 'Takko Fashion', 'total floorspace', '700 sqm unit', '2 Retailer revenue', 'new level', '20218 Large stores', 'Small stores', 'Plé stores', '2022 annual results', 'Transformative acquisition', 'full effect', 'portfolio size', 'existing portfolio', 'larger portfolio', 'last year', 'total pay', 'late July', 'Significant increase', '2019 level', '3 13 leases', '500 sqm', '4,900 sqm', '270 sqm', '1,100 sqm', 'late 2022', '47% increase', '2% increase', '5% increase', 'Altarea', 'Flins', 'MRM', '16 November', 'control', 'Paris', '7 March', 'review', 'approval', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'scale', 'addition', 'deal', 'balance', 'debt', 'equity', 'shareholders', 'acquisitions', 'coverage', 'part', 'France', 'yields', 'amount', 'rest', 'scheme', 'less', 'reletting', 'January', 'Air', '29 April', 'Mulhouse', 'Allonnes', 'Centrakor', '1.0 point', '0.6 point']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
20059,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/M-R-M-5705/news/MRM-2022-annual-results-43182631/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,MRM: 2022 annual results,(marketscreener.com)   Press release 2022 annual results Transformative acquisition of two properties from Altarea in late 2022 Flins and Ollioules shopping centres included in MRM’s portfolio from 16 November 2022Significant increase in portfolio size to €2…,MRM: 2022 annual results 03/07/2023 | 11:45am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Press release 2022 annual results Transformative acquisition of two properties from Altarea in late 2022 Flins and Ollioules shopping centres included in MRM’s portfolio from 16 November 2022 Significant increase in portfolio size to €245 million (+51%) Increase in annualised net rents to €15 million (+62%) Sharp fall in the operating expenses/rental income ratio from 31% in 2021 to 19% in 2022 pro forma 1Good operational performance 2 Retailer revenue up 3% compared with 2019 at constant scope 3 13 leases signed in 2022  representing 9.4% of the rental baseSolid financial performance 4 Net rental income up 2.4% Net operating cash flow up 2.7% Net LTV ratio kept under control at 43.6% End-2022 EPRA NDV per share up 1.3% compared with the end-2021 figure adjusted for the shareholder pay-out 5Proposed pay - out of €1.80 per share Pay-out per share unchanged from last year 47% increase in the total pay-out to €5.8 millionParis  7 March 2023: MRM (Euronext code ISIN FR00140085W6)  a real estate investment company specialising in retail property  today announced its results for the year ended 31 December 2022. This press release follows on from the review and approval of the financial statements by MRM’s Board of Directors in its meeting of 7 March 2023. François Matray  Chief Executive Officer of MRM  said: “In late 2022  MRM moved to a whole new level in terms of scale by acquiring two shopping centres from Altarea. This increased the value of our portfolio by more than 50% and our rental base by more than 60%. In addition  by funding the deal with a balance of debt and equity  we kept our LTV ratio under control  while welcoming Altarea among our shareholders. Our existing portfolio also performed well in operational terms in 2022. Retailer revenue in our shopping centres rose above its 2019 level and lettings activity remained firm  resulting in an increase of almost 3% in our annualised net rents. From 2023  the acquisitions will have their full effect  boosting our revenue as well as our operating margin through better coverage of fixed costs. Above all  we will be able to apply our asset management and value-enhancement skills across a larger portfolio. We are therefore highly confident that we will be able to increase annualised net rents to above €16 million by 2025 at constant scope.” A year marked by the structuring acquisition of two shopping centers In late 2022  MRM acquired two shopping centres from Altarea for a total of €90.4 million including transfer taxes. These shopping centres have been part of MRM’s portfolio and consolidated in its financial statements since 16 November 2022. One shopping centre is located in Flins in the Yvelines region of France  and the other one in Ollioules in the Var region. They are successful properties combining yields with value-enhancement potential. Both have a Carrefour hypermarket as food retail anchor and are leading shopping centres within their catchment areas. Integrating these shopping centres has taken MRM’s scale to a whole new level. The value of its portfolio has increased by more than 50% and its annualised net rents by more than 60%  and this is opening up new perspectives. As announced in late July 2022  the deal was funded through two capital increases totalling €50 million  subscribed by SCOR SE and Altarea in an amount of €25 million each. The rest of the transaction cost was financed through a €42 million bank loan. This scheme enabled MRM to keep its LTV ratio under control at less than 44%. Ongoing good momentum in operational terms Within MRM’s historic scope6  retailer revenue was 3% higher than in 2019. This strong performance was due to a 2% increase in retailer revenue for stores of over 500 sqm and a 5% increase for stores of less than 500 sqm. Retailer revenue7 2022 vs. 2019 2022 vs. 20218 Large stores (> 500 sqm) +2% +2% Small stores (< 500 sqm) +5% +7% Total +3% +3% In MRM’s historic scope  13 leases were signed in 2022  representing total rents of €0.9 million and a total floor area of 4 900 sqm. The average reversion rate compared with market rental values was +1%. New leases notably include: • Ongoing lettings activity at the Valentin shopping centre (near Besançon): new leases totalling 270 sqm were signed  further improving the retailer mix; • The reletting of the 2 000 sqm medium-sized unit within the Carré Vélizy mixed-use development (Vélizy-Villacoublay)  vacated by Office Depot in January 2022  to fitness chain On Air  with the new lease coming into effect on 29 April 2022; • The addition of two Rougié & Plé stores with total floorspace of 1 100 sqm in Passage de la Réunion in Mulhouse; • A 700 sqm unit in Aria Parc in Allonnes let to Takko Fashion  taking the occupancy rate of this retail park – which is discount-focused with two key retailers Action and Centrakor – to 100%. This good level of lettings activity increased the historic scope’s physical occupancy rate by 1.0 point and its financial occupancy rate by 0.6 point. The addition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres also boosted overall physical and financial occupancy rates by 0.3 and 0.6 point respectively. After retail chain Camaïeu has been placed in liquidation in September 2022  three units occupied by Camaïeu – one in MRM’s historic portfolio and two in the Flins and Ollioules centres – entirely offset those increases  and so physical and financial occupancy rates as at 31 December 2022 remained stable at 90% and 88% respectively. Annualised net rents totalled €15.1 million as at 1 January 2023  an increase of 62% relative to 1 January 2022. That major increase resulted from the addition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres while annualised net rents in the historic scope continued to rise from €9.3 million to €9.6 million  an increase of 3%. Sharp rise in portfolio value The value of MRM’s portfolio was €244.9 million as at 31 December 2022  a year-on-year increase of 51.2% driven by the integration of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres. The value of MRM’s historic portfolio saw a limited decline of 0.9% over a year. € million 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Change Like-for-like change9 Portfolio value excl. TT 244.9 162.0 +51.2% -0.9% Financial results Rental income Gross rental income for 2022  corresponding to rents billed  amounted to €10.2 million  an increase of 4.7%. This was mainly driven by changes in scope: the Flins and Ollioules acquisition had a positive effect of €0.7 million (consolidated for 1.5 months)  while the October 2021 disposals had a negative impact of €0.2 million. Like-for-like  gross rental income was stable  with new leases and indexation offsetting the effect of the medium-sized unit in Carré Vélizy becoming temporarily vacant from January 2022 (new lease effective from late April 2022). After taking into account non-recovered property expenses  net rental income was €8.1 million compared with €8.0 million in 2021  an increase of 2.4%. Rental income€ million 2022 2021 Change Like-for-like change Gross rental income 10.2 9.7 +4.7% 0.0% Recurring non-recovered property expenses (1.9) (1.6) Non-recurring items10 (0.2) 0.2 Net rental income 8.1 8.0 +2.4% Unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements The unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements  introduced to support tenants  resulted in the reversal of provisions set aside in previous years. The collection rate for rents an charges also moved back to a normal level  rising above 95% for the year as a whole. Net operating cash flow 11 of €4. 0 million As a result of the increase in net rental income  the positive impact from the unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements and lower operating expenses  EBITDA rose by 5.4% to €5.8 million in 2022.The net cost of debt rose from €1.2 million in 2021 to €1.8 million in 2022. This was due to the new €42.0 million loan that partly funded the acquisition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres  but also the increase in the average cost of debt caused by higher interest rates. Net operating cash flow was €4.0 million  up 2.7% relative to 2021. € million 2022 2021 Change Net rental income 8.2 8.0 +2.5% Tenant support measures 0.4 (0.2) Operating expenses (2.4) (2.5) -2.6% Other operating income and expenses (0.4) 0.2 EBITDA 5.8 5.5 +5.4% Net cost of debt (1.8) (1.6) Net operating cash flow 4.0 3.9 +2.7% On a full-year basis  the additional revenue from the two shopping centres acquired in late 2022 will result in better coverage of operating expenses. Operating expenses equalled 19.1% of net rental income based on pro forma 2022 figures12 as opposed to 29.5% on the basis of reported 2022 figures and 31.0% in 2021.Calculated on the basis of the implementation of the new €42.0 million loan at the start of 2022  and therefore of more favorable borrowing conditions than the current rates  the cost of debt amounts to €2.6 million in 2022 on a pro forma basis. Applying a 3-month Euribor rate of 3% to the whole of 2022  the pro forma 2022 cost of debt would be €4.4 million. Solid financial position maintained In November 2022  MRM arranged a new €42.0 million bank loan  due to mature in late 2029  to fund the acquisition of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres. MRM had €116.7 million of debt outstanding at 31 December 2022  as opposed to €75.7 million at end-2021. The average cost of debt was 2.07%. MRM’s debt is fully remunerated at variable rate and 77% is hedged by caps (with strike rates between 1% and 2.5%). The next significant redemption date is in late 2028. At the end of December 2022  MRM had cash and cash equivalents of €10.4 million compared with €9.7 million a year earlier. The funding scheme used to acquire the two shopping centres allowed MRM to keep its net LTV ratio under control at 43.6% at end-December 2022 as opposed to 40.0% a year earlier. End-2022 NAV per share up 1.3% compared with the end-2021 figure adjusted for the shareholder pay - out EPRA NDV amounted to €139.0 million at the end of December 2022. This compares with €97.4 million a year earlier  or €93.5 million after the €3.9 million pay-out to shareholders with respect to 2021. After pay-out  this represents a 48.7% increase in EPRA NDV. The increase mainly reflects the impact of: Capital increases in 2022  amounting to €49.1 million net of fees;Net operating cash flow of €4.0 million in 2022;An €-8.8 million change in the fair value of properties  comprising a €6.4 million charge related to transfer taxes and acquisition fees for the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres and a -€2.4 million change in fair value of the historic portfolio;A €1.6 million change in the fair value of financial instruments. Adjusted for the shareholder pay-out with respect to 2021  EPRA NDV per share was €42.8 at the end of December 2021. At the end of December 2022  EPRA NDV per share was €43.4. This represents an increase of 1.3%  despite the increase in the number of shares caused by capital increases in 2022. Shareholder pay-out MRM’s Board of Directors has decided to propose to the shareholders a pay-out premiums in an amount of €1.80 per share with respect to 2022  similar to the amount per share paid out with respect to 2021. This would correspond to a total pay-out of €5.8 million  as opposed to the €3.9 million paid out the previous year. This represents a yield of 6.7% based on the share price at 6 March 2023. The pay-out is subject to approval in the 7 June 2023 General Meeting of Shareholders. The ex date is expected to be 12 June 2023  with a payment date of 14 June 2023. Outlook With its larger store portfolio and its relationships with a greater number of retailers and chains  MRM intends to continue implementing its dynamic asset management policy  with the following priorities: • Analysing and implementing investment programmes aimed at enhancing the value of properties  i.e. both the historic portfolio and the two shopping centres acquired in late 2022; • Letting available space; • Implementing the Company’s ESG action plan and Climate Plan  paying particular attention to reducing energy consumption and proactively publishing a Statement of Non-Financial Performance (Déclaration de Performance Extra Financière  DPEF) in April 2023; • Managing the property portfolio dynamically  looking at potential acquisitions and disposals. From 2023  MRM will see the full impact of acquiring the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres  which will boost its revenue as well as its operating margin through better coverage of fixed costs. MRM confirms that  including these acquisitions  it is aiming for annualised net rents of over €16 million by 2025  as opposed to €10 million previously. This target is based on the current portfolio (excluding any acquisitions and disposals). Finally  MRM intends to maintain its policy of making regular pay-outs to shareholders. Calendar Financial information for the first quarter of 2023 will be published before the market opens on 11 May 2023. The General Meeting of Shareholders will take place on 7 June 2023. About MRM MRM is a listed real estate investment company that owns and manages a portfolio of retail properties across several regions of France. Its majority shareholder is SCOR SE  which owns 56.63% of its share capital. MRM is listed on Compartment C of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR00140085W6 - Bloomberg code: MRM:FP – Reuters code: MRM.PA).MRM opted for SIIC status on 1 January 2008. For more information  please contact: MRM5 avenue Kléber75795 Paris Cedex 16FranceT: +33 (0)1 58 44 70 00relation_finances@mrminvest.com Isabelle Laurent  OPRG FinancialT: +33 (0)6 42 37 54 17isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frWebsite: www.mrminvest.com Appendix 1: Retailer mix Sector breakdown (CNCC categories)% of annualised gross rents 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Household goods 18% 26% Food and drink 18% 20% Personal goods 17% 10% Health and beauty 16% 9% Culture  gifts  leisure 11% 8% Services 8% 9% Entertainment 7% 11% Offices 5% 7% Appendix 2: Fourth-quarter revenue € million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change Like-for-like change Gross rental income 3.07 2.38 +29.1% -0.3% Appendix 3: Income statement Simplified IFRS income statement€ million 2022 2021 Net rental income 8.1 8.0 Operating expenses (2.4) (2.5) Provisions net of reversals 0.8 (0.9) Other operating income and expenses (1.1) (0.1) Operating income before disposals and change in fair value 5.4 4.5 Net gains/(losses) on disposal of assets - 0.4 Change in fair value of properties (8.8) 2.6 Operating income (3.4) 7.6 Net cost of debt (1.8) (1.2) Other financial income and expense 1.6 (0.8) Net income before tax (3.6) 5.6 Tax - - Consolidated net income (3.6) 5.6 Operating income before disposals and change in fair value was €5.4 million in 2022  up 21.6% compared with 2021. That increase was due to: A 2.4% increase in net rental income from €8.0 million in 2021 to €8.1 million in 2022; A slight decrease in operating expenses from €2.5 million in 2021 to €2.4 million in 2022; The unwinding of Covid-related debt waiver agreements in 2022  which resulted in the reversal of provisions set aside in previous years: the sub-total of provisions net of reversals and other net operating income and expenses represented an expense of €0.3 million in 2022 as opposed to an expense of €1.0 million in 2021.Transfer taxes and acquisition fees related to the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres represented an expense of €6.4 million. The fair value of the existing portfolio also fell by €2.4 million  leading to a total €-8.8 million change in the fair value of properties  as opposed to a €2.6 million change in 2021. As a result  there was an operating loss of €3.4 million in 2022  as opposed to operating income of €7.6 million in 2021. The net cost of debt rose from €1.2 million in 2021 to €1.8 million in 2022  due to the new loan that partly funded the acquisition of the Flins and Ollioules centres  but also the increase in the average cost of debt caused by higher interest rates. MRM also benefited from a positive change in the fair value of financial instruments in an amount of €1.6 million. As a result  net financial expense was €0.2 million compared with €2.0 million a year earlier. Overall  MRM made a consolidated net loss of €3.6 million in 2022  as opposed to net income of €5.6 million in 2021. Appendix 4: 2022 pro forma figures 2022 pro forma figures are based on the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres being acquired on 1 January 2022. € million 2022pro forma 2022reported 2021 Consolidation of the Flins and Ollioules centres Assumed over12 months 1.5 months Gross rental income 15.1 10.2 9.7 Net rental income 13.1 8.1 8.0 Operating expenses (2.5) (2.4) (2.5) EBITDA 10.6 5.8 5.5 Net cost of debt (2.6) (1.8) (1.6) Net operating cash flow 8.1 4.0 3.9 If the new €42.0 million loan had been in place at the start of 2022  when borrowing conditions were more favourable than currently  the cost of debt would have been €2.6 million in 2022 on a pro forma basis. Applying a 3-month Euribor rate of 3% to the whole of 2022  the pro forma 2022 cost of debt would be €4.4 million and net operating cash flow would be €6.2 million. Appendix 5: Balance sheet Simplified IFRS balance sheet€ million 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Investment property 244.9 162.0 Current receivables / assets 11.0 7.6 Cash and cash equivalents 10.0 9.8 Total assets 265.9 179.4 Equity 139.0 97.4 Bank debt 116.7 74.4 Other debt and liabilities 10.2 7.6 Total equity and liabilities 265.9 179.4 Appendix 6: Net Asset ValueNet Asset Value31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Total€ m Per shareIn € Total€ m Per shareIn € EPRA NDV 139.0 43.4 97.4 44.6 EPRA NRV 152.8 47.7 108.0 49.5 Number of shares(adjusted for treasury stock) 3 201 950 2 181 2661 Assuming acquisition of the two shopping centers on 01/01/20222 On the historic scope  i.e. excluding the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres acquired at the very end of the year3 Based on available revenue figures for tenants already in place in the comparison year4 Reported revenue taking into account the consolidation of the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres for 1.5 months5 Total of €3.9 million paid out with respect to FY 20216 Excluding the Flins and Ollioules shopping centres acquired at the very end of the year7 Based on available revenue figures for tenants already in place in the comparison year8 Excluding the Valentin shopping centre  which was forced to close for Covid reasons for three months in 2021: including that centre  retailer revenue would have risen 5%  with a 14% increase for stores of less than 500 sqm9 Change in portfolio value adjusted for disposals in 2021 and acquisitions in 202210 Related to adjustments of rental charges 11 Net operating cash flow = consolidated net income before tax adjusted for non-cash items12 Based on the two shopping centres being acquired on 01/01/2022 (see table in the appendix) Attachment MRM PR Résultats 2022© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about M.R.M. 03/07 MRM Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI 03/07 Mrm : 2022 annual results GL 03/03 Hopes of Slower Rate Hike Pace Raise Australian Shares MT 03/02 MMA Offshore Wins Three Offshore Windfarm Development Contracts in Taiwan; Shares Jump .. MT 2022 Altarea Closes EUR90 Million Sale Of Two French Shopping Centers To MRM MT 2022 Acquisition of two shopping centres from Altarea finalised AQ 2022 Acquisition of two shopping centres from Altarea finalised GL 2022 MRM Announces Acquisition of Two Shopping Centres from Altarea Finalised CI 2022 M.R.M. SA (ENXTPA:MRM) completed the acquisition of two shopping cente.. CI 2022 M.R.M. SA completed the acquisition of Flins regional shopping centre and Carrefour Oll.. CI,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'MRM', 'Passage de la Réunion', 'Carré Vélizy mixed-use development', 'real estate investment company', 'Net operating cash flow', 'operating expenses/rental income ratio', '2022 annual results Transformative acquisition', 'historic scope6, retailer revenue', 'Net rental income', 'multiple email addresses', 'Euronext code ISIN', 'François Matray', 'Chief Executive Officer', '€42 million bank loan', 'annualised net rents', 'two capital increases', 'two key retailers', 'One shopping centre', 'Valentin shopping centre', 'average reversion rate', 'market rental values', 'two shopping centers', 'food retail anchor', 'leading shopping centres', 'Net LTV ratio', 'fields Press release', 'Solid financial performance', 'total floor area', 'two shopping centres', 'Ongoing lettings activity', 'Good operational performance', 'Ollioules shopping centres', '2,000 sqm medium-sized unit', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay', 'operating margin', 'total rents', 'two properties', 'two Rougié', 'strong performance', '2 Retailer revenue', 'rental base', 'occupancy rate', 'retail property', 'financial statements', 'good momentum', 'Retailer revenue7', 'retailer mix', 'retail park', 'good level', 'Sharp fall', 'constant scope', 'end-2021 figure', 'shareholder pay-out', 'operational terms', 'fixed costs', 'asset management', 'value-enhancement skills', 'transfer taxes', 'Yvelines region', 'Var region', 'successful properties', 'value-enhancement potential', 'Carrefour hypermarket', 'catchment areas', 'new perspectives', 'SCOR SE', 'transaction cost', 'Besançon', 'Office Depot', 'fitness chain', 'new lease', 'total floorspace', 'Aria Parc', 'Takko Fashion', '700 sqm unit', 'new level', '20218 Large stores', 'Small stores', 'Plé stores', 'First name', 'full effect', 'portfolio size', 'existing portfolio', 'larger portfolio', 'last year', 'total pay', 'late July', 'Significant increase', '2019 level', '3 13 leases', '500 sqm', '4,900 sqm', '270 sqm', '1,100 sqm', 'late 2022', '47% increase', '2% increase', '5% increase', 'MRM', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'Altarea', 'Flins', '16 November', 'control', 'Paris', '7 March', 'review', 'approval', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'scale', 'addition', 'deal', 'balance', 'debt', 'equity', 'shareholders', 'acquisitions', 'coverage', 'part', 'France', 'yields', 'amount', 'rest', 'scheme', 'less', 'reletting', 'January', 'Air', '29 April', 'Mulhouse', 'Allonnes', 'Centrakor']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20060,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2621670/0/en/Press-Release-Dupixent-dupilumab-application-for-treatment-of-chronic-spontaneous-urticaria-CSU-in-adults-and-adolescents-accepted-for-FDA-review.html,Press Release: Dupixent® (dupilumab) application for treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in adults and adolescents accepted for FDA review,Dupixent® (dupilumab) application for treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in adults and adolescents accepted for FDA review  More than...,English FrenchDupixent® (dupilumab) application for treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in adults and adolescents accepted for FDA reviewMore than 300 000 people in the U.S. suffer from CSU that is inadequately controlled by antihistaminesParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. March 7  2023. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted  for review  the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) that is not adequately controlled with the current standard of care  H1 antihistamine treatment. The target action date for the FDA decision is October 22  2023.CSU is an inflammatory skin condition driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and swelling on the skin. Swelling  called angioedema  may occur most commonly on the face  hands and feet  but can also affect the throat and upper airways. CSU is typically treated with H1 antihistamines  medicines that target histamine-1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled in up to 50% of patients  who are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms  including persistent itch or burning sensations that can be debilitating and significantly impact quality of life.The sBLA is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials (LIBERTY-CUPID Studies A and B)  evaluating Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU. Study A was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines with efficacy and safety data supporting the submission  while Study B was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines and refractory to omalizumab with results providing additional supporting data.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About the CSU Clinical Trial ProgramThe clinical trial program  known as LIBERTY-CUPID  includes Studies A and B  two Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU. Study A evaluated Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone in 138 patients with CSU aged 6 years and older who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. Study B evaluated Dupixent in 108 patients with CSU aged 12 to 80 years who remained symptomatic despite standard-of-care treatment and were intolerant or incomplete responders to omalizumab.In addition to CSU  Sanofi and Regeneron are also studying Dupixent in chronic inducible urticaria triggered by cold (LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program) in an ongoing Phase 3 trial.About DupixentDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the IL-4 and IL-13 pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  CSU  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center®  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYSanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsTammy Allen | + 1 914 306 2698 | tammy.allen@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and children aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of CSU (including potential approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration based on the supplemental Biologics License Application discussed in this press release)  pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'Press Release', 'dupilumab) application', 'FDA review', 'Dupixent®', 'treatment', 'CSU', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'two Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials', 'two different patient populations', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'The U.S. Food', 'CSU Clinical Trial Program', 'The Dupixent development program', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'different age populations', 'ongoing Phase 3 trial', 'LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'global collaboration agreement', 'other allergic processes', 'allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis', 'chronic inducible urticaria-cold', 'significant clinical benefit', 'allergic fungal rhinosinusitis', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'target action date', 'additional supporting data', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'various chronic diseases', 'H1 antihistamine treatment', 'clinical development', '60 clinical trials', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'chronic pruritus', 'clinical investigation', 'antihistamine use', 'care treatment', 'English French', 'N.Y.', 'Drug Administration', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'upper airways', 'H1 antihistamines', 'histamine-1 receptors', 'persistent itch', 'burning sensations', 'regulatory authority', 'Studies A', 'to 80 years', 'incomplete responders', 'IL-13 pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'broad range', 'atopic hand', 'foot dermatitis', 'unknown origin', 'bullous pemphigoid', 'potential uses', 'Study A', 'Study B', 'morbid diseases', 'FDA decision', 'skin condition', 'LIBERTY-CUPID Studies', 'uncontrolled CSU', 'current standard', 'pediatric EoE', 'care antihistamines', 'safety data', 'FDA review', 'CSU patients', '138 patients', '108 patients', '500,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'Dupixent®', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'More', '300,000 people', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'sBLA', 'October', 'part', 'sudden', 'swelling', 'face', 'hands', 'feet', 'throat', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'life', 'efficacy', 'submission', 'refractory', 'omalizumab', 'results', 'therapy', 'Sanofi', 'Regeneron', 'signaling', 'IL-4', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'key', 'indications', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'one', 'countries', 'world', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'evidence', 'conditions']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
20061,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOMFY-SA-31472055/news/Somfy-2022-ANNUAL-RESULTS-43182625/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Somfy : 2022 ANNUAL RESULTS,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS   RELEASE   7 MARCH 2023   2022 ANNUAL RESULTS      Consolidated data to 31 December     2022     ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOMFY-SA-31472055/news/Somfy-2022-ANNUAL-RESULTS-43182625/?…,PRESS RELEASE 7 MARCH 2023 2022 ANNUAL RESULTS Consolidated data to 31 December 2022 2021  Teleco Automation (€ millions) Impact Sales 1 532 1 478 +3.7% 18 Current operating result 278 301 ‐7.6% 1 Consolidated net profit 238 259 ‐8.1% 0 Cash flow 285 313 ‐8.9% Within a challenging macro‐economic and geopolitical environment  SOMFY posted a slight increase in sales and a decline in profits  which were impacted by the continued slowdown seen since the second quarter. The Group nevertheless maintained a high level of current operating margin and continued its industrial and digital investments to support its growth as part of its Ambition 2030. SALES Group sales were €1.5 billion for the 2022 financial year  an increase of 3.7% compared with the previous financial year (up +1.6% on a like‐for‐like basis). They posted growth of 4.3% over the first half‐year  and a fall of 1.6% over the second on a like‐for‐like basis  confirming the slowdown seen since the second quarter of 2022. During the 2022 financial year  the Latin America  Africa & the Middle East and Asia‐Pacific regions posted significant growth  demonstrating the benefits of the Group's international footprint. Impacted by economic and geopolitical tensions  the Eastern Europe  Northern Europe and Central Europe regions all recorded slowdowns whilst France and North America remained stable  reflecting the strength of the Group's fundamentals and positive structural trends in the residential market. The positive forex impact stood at €12 million for the financial year  with the scope impact at €18 million corresponding to the contribution of Teleco Automation  consolidated since 1 July 2022. Sales of the equity‐accounted Chinese subsidiary Dooya totalled €297 million over the financial year  an increase of 7.6% in real terms and stable  with a 0.2% decline on a like‐for‐ like basis  which included growth of 22.4% over the first half‐year and a decline of 17.1% overPRESS RELEASE 7 MARCH 2023 the second  given a fourth quarter that was heavily impacted by the management of the pandemic in China. RESULTS Current operating result stood at €278 million over the financial year  a decline of 7.6%  equating to a current operating margin of 18.2%  lower than those recorded in 2020 and 2021 which stood at abnormally high levels of 20.7% and 20.4% respectively - but higher than that seen in pre‐Covid periods (17.1% in 2019). Current operating result was impacted by the slowdown in sales  the significant rise in the price of raw materials and transportation costs  and the maintaining of the Group's structuring projects  reflected in an increase in related structure costs  and the upturn in certain expenses (travel  marketing). Non‐recurring expenses increased  related to the Russian‐Ukrainian crisis and the expenses related to the acquisition of Teleco Automation. Net financial expense was higher due to forex impacts  and the income tax rate was comparable to that seen in the previous financial year. Given Dooya's healthy performance  the share of net profit from associates and joint ventures grew by €8 million and totalled €25 million. Consolidated net profit totalled €238 million over the financial year  a decline of 8.1%. The return on capital employed (ROCE) stood at 20.5%  similar to the level seen in 2019 (22.2%). Note that it was 31.4% in 2021. FINANCIAL POSITION Shareholders' equity increased from €1 371 to €1 485 million over the 2022 financial year. Net financial surplus declined from €642 to €428 million  mainly as a result of the recent acquisition of Teleco Automation and the increase in inventory  in light of lower sales and the Group's desire to rebuild its safety stock  with a knock‐on impact on working capital requirements. Cash flow declined by 8.9% in line with profits. OUTLOOK Following the Simplified Public Tender Offer initiated by the Despature family group  the implementation of the squeeze‐out and the delisting of SOMFY shares from the regulated Euronext Paris market took place on 9 February 2023. This transaction does not call into question the Group's strategic plan  and it continues rolling out its roadmap while remaining vigilant to the still very uncertain macro‐economic and geopolitical environment against the backdrop of the global economic slowdown.PRESS RELEASE 7 MARCH 2023 CORPORATE PROFILE Founded in 1969 in France  and now operating in 58 countries  SOMFY is the world leader in window and door automation for homes and buildings. Pioneer in the connected home  the Group is constantly innovating to guarantee its users comfort  well‐being  and security in the home and is fully committed to promoting sustainable development. For 50 years  SOMFY has been using automation to improve living environments and has been committed to creating reliable and sustainable solutions that promote better living and well‐being for all. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The annual financial statements have been audited by the Statutory Auditors and were approved by the Board of Directors on 7 March 2023. Detailed financial statements and the Statutory Auditors' reports  which are in the process of being issued  will be released on 13 April 2023 and will be available on the Company's website (www.somfyfinance.com). CONTACTS SOMFY: Carole Laou Sio Hoï: +33 (0)6 24 39 54 25 Shan: Aliénor Kuentz: +33 (0)6 28 81 30 83 / Aurore Cantot: +33 (0)6 09 96 00 70 SHAREHOLDERS' AGENDA Publication of the Annual Report: 13 April 2023 Publication of half‐year results: 5 September 2023 GLOSSARY Sales: The sales figures refer to the sales amounts generated with customers outside the Group. They are calculated based on customer location and therefore the destination of the sales. Change in real terms: The change in real terms corresponds to the change at actual consolidation method and scope  and actual exchange rates. Change on a like‐for‐like basis: The change on a like‐for‐like basis corresponds to the change at constant consolidation method and scope  and constant exchange rates. Geographic regions: The Group is organised into two geographic divisions  the first made up of Central Europe  Northern Europe  North America and Latin America (North & West)  and the second made up of France  Southern Europe  Africa & the Middle East  Eastern Europe and Asia‐Pacific (South & East). Current operating margin: Current operating margin corresponds to current operating result as a proportion of sales (COR/Sales). Return on capital employed: The return on capital employed is equal to the ratio between current operating result less normative tax  and total shareholders' equity  after offsetting the impact of goodwill impairment  and net financial debt. Net financial surplus: The net financial surplus corresponds to the difference between cash and cash equivalents and financial liabilities.PRESS RELEASE 7 MARCH 2023 APPENDICES SALES Consolidated data 2022 2021   (€ millions) Real terms Like‐for‐like Central Europe 263.6 262.5 +0.4% ‐1.3% . of which Germany 206.7 211.6 ‐2.3% ‐3.0% Northern Europe 167.7 168.4 ‐0.4% ‐1.8% North America 151.0 133.0 +13.6% +1.4% Latin America 30.4 24.4 +24.3% +22.0% Total North & West 612.6 588.3 +4.1% +0.2% France 436.6 431.9 +1.1% +0.0% Southern Europe 158.9 148.9 +6.7% +2.5% Africa & the Middle East 85.5 79.0 +8.2% +21.1% Eastern Europe 149.5 152.3 ‐1.8% ‐2.6% Asia‐Pacific 88.8 77.4 +14.8% +8.5% Total South & East 919.3 889.5 +3.4% +2.6% Group Total 1 531.9 1 477.8 +3.7% +1.6% CONDENSED INCOME STATEMENT Consolidated data (€ millions) 2022 2021 Impact Teleco Automation Sales 1 531.9 1 477.8 18.0 EBITDA 344.6 366.7 3.6 Current operating result 278.1 301.1 0.8 Non‐recurring operating items (8.1) (0.8) 0.0 Net financial expense (7.7) (0.9) (0.1) Income tax (48.5) (56.9) (0.4) Share of net profit from associates and joint ventures 24.7 17.0 (0.1) Consolidated net profit 238.4 259.4 0.3 . Attributable to: Non‐controlling interests 1.4 1.4 (0.1) . Attributable to: Group share 237.0 258.0 0.4,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['2022 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'Somfy', 'Simplified Public Tender Offer', ""FINANCIAL POSITION Shareholders' equity"", 'ANNUAL RESULTS Consolidated data', 'current operating margin', 'Asia‐Pacific regions', 'positive structural trends', 'pre‐Covid periods', 'Russian‐Ukrainian crisis', 'income tax rate', 'Consolidated net profit', 'annual financial statements', 'Current operating result', 'challenging macro‐economic', 'related structure costs', 'Euronext Paris market', 'uncertain macro‐economic', 'first half‐year', 'Central Europe regions', 'Net financial expense', 'Net financial surplus', 'Detailed financial statements', 'Chinese subsidiary Dooya', 'working capital requirements', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'previous financial year', 'Non‐recurring expenses', 'Despature family group', 'positive forex impact', 'global economic slowdown', 'SALES Group sales', 'equity‐accounted', '2022 financial year', 'residential market', 'transportation costs', 'forex impacts', 'Eastern Europe', 'Northern Europe', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Cash flow', 'geopolitical environment', 'second quarter', 'digital investments', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'international footprint', 'geopolitical tensions', 'North America', 'scope impact', 'real terms', 'fourth quarter', 'high levels', 'significant rise', 'raw materials', 'healthy performance', 'joint ventures', 'safety stock', 'knock‐on', 'strategic plan', 'CORPORATE PROFILE', 'world leader', 'well‐being', 'sustainable development', 'sustainable solutions', 'Impact Sales', 'lower sales', 'Teleco Automation', 'door automation', 'continued slowdown', 'The Group', 'recent acquisition', 'connected home', 'living environments', 'significant growth', 'SOMFY shares', 'slight increase', '31 December', 'millions', 'decline', 'profits', 'industrial', 'part', 'Ambition', 'basis', 'fall', 'Africa', 'benefits', 'slowdowns', 'France', 'strength', 'fundamentals', 'contribution', '1 July', 'management', 'pandemic', 'China', 'price', 'maintaining', 'projects', 'upturn', 'travel', 'marketing', 'associates', 'return', 'ROCE', 'inventory', 'desire', 'OUTLOOK', 'implementation', 'squeeze', 'delisting', 'place', '9 February', 'transaction', 'question', 'roadmap', 'backdrop', '58 countries', 'window', 'homes', 'buildings', 'Pioneer', 'users', 'comfort', 'security', '50 years', 'reliable', 'Board', 'Directors', '7 March', 'whic', '2019']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20062,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Dupixent-dupilumab-application-for-treatment-of-chronic-spontaneous-urticaria-CSU-43175482/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Press Release: Dupixent® (dupilumab) application for treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in adults and adolescents accepted for FDA review,(marketscreener.com)  Dupixent® application for treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria in adults and adolescents accepted for FDA review More than 300 000 people in the U.S. suffer from CSU that is inadequately controlled by antihistamines Paris and Tarr…,Dupixent® (dupilumab) application for treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in adults and adolescents accepted for FDA reviewMore than 300 000 people in the U.S. suffer from CSU that is inadequately controlled by antihistaminesParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. March 7  2023. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted  for review  the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) that is not adequately controlled with the current standard of care  H1 antihistamine treatment. The target action date for the FDA decision is October 22  2023.CSU is an inflammatory skin condition driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and swelling on the skin. Swelling  called angioedema  may occur most commonly on the face  hands and feet  but can also affect the throat and upper airways. CSU is typically treated with H1 antihistamines  medicines that target histamine-1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled in up to 50% of patients  who are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms  including persistent itch or burning sensations that can be debilitating and significantly impact quality of life.The sBLA is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials (LIBERTY-CUPID Studies A and B)  evaluating Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU. Study A was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines with efficacy and safety data supporting the submission  while Study B was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines and refractory to omalizumab with results providing additional supporting data.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About the CSU Clinical Trial ProgramThe clinical trial program  known as LIBERTY-CUPID  includes Studies A and B  two Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU. Study A evaluated Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone in 138 patients with CSU aged 6 years and older who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. Study B evaluated Dupixent in 108 patients with CSU aged 12 to 80 years who remained symptomatic despite standard-of-care treatment and were intolerant or incomplete responders to omalizumab.In addition to CSU  Sanofi and Regeneron are also studying Dupixent in chronic inducible urticaria triggered by cold (LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program) in an ongoing Phase 3 trial.About DupixentDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the IL-4 and IL-13 pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  CSU  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center®  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYSanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsTammy Allen | + 1 914 306 2698 | tammy.allen@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and children aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of CSU (including potential approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration based on the supplemental Biologics License Application discussed in this press release)  pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'Press Release', 'dupilumab) application', 'FDA review', 'Dupixent®', 'treatment', 'CSU', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'two Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials', 'two different patient populations', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'The U.S. Food', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'The Dupixent development program', 'CSU Clinical Trial Program', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'different age populations', 'ongoing Phase 3 trial', 'LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'global collaboration agreement', 'other allergic processes', 'allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis', 'chronic inducible urticaria-cold', 'significant clinical benefit', 'allergic fungal rhinosinusitis', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'target action date', 'additional supporting data', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'various chronic diseases', 'H1 antihistamine treatment', 'clinical development', '60 clinical trials', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'chronic pruritus', 'clinical investigation', 'antihistamine use', 'N.Y.', 'Drug Administration', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'upper airways', 'H1 antihistamines', 'histamine-1 receptors', 'persistent itch', 'burning sensations', 'regulatory authority', 'Studies A', 'to 80 years', 'incomplete responders', 'IL-13 pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'broad range', 'atopic hand', 'foot dermatitis', 'unknown origin', 'bullous pemphigoid', 'potential uses', 'Study A', 'Study B', 'morbid diseases', 'FDA decision', 'current standard', 'skin condition', 'LIBERTY-CUPID Studies', 'uncontrolled CSU', 'pediatric EoE', 'safety data', 'FDA review', 'care antihistamines', 'CSU patients', '138 patients', '108 patients', '500,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'Dupixent®', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'More', '300,000 people', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'sBLA', 'October', 'part', 'sudden', 'swelling', 'face', 'hands', 'feet', 'throat', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'life', 'efficacy', 'submission', 'refractory', 'omalizumab', 'results', 'therapy', 'Sanofi', 'Regeneron', 'signaling', 'IL-4', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'key', 'indications', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'one', 'countries', 'world', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'evidence', 'conditions']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20063,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REGENERON-PHARMACEUTICALS-10649/news/Dupixent-dupilumab-Application-for-Treatment-of-Chronic-Spontaneous-Urticaria-CSU-in-Adults-and-43175495/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Application for Treatment of Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria (CSU) in Adults and Adolescents Aged 12 Years and Older Accepted for FDA Review,(marketscreener.com) More than 300 000 people in the U.S. suffer from CSU that is inadequately controlled by antihistaminesTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  March 07  2023 -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. and Sanofi today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Admi…,More than 300 000 people in the U.S. suffer from CSU that is inadequately controlled by antihistaminesTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  March 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) that is not adequately controlled with the current standard of care  H1 antihistamine treatment. The target action date for the FDA decision is October 22  2023.CSU is an inflammatory skin condition driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and swelling on the skin. Swelling  called angioedema  may occur most commonly on the face  hands and feet  but can also affect the throat and upper airways. CSU is typically treated with H1 antihistamines  medicines that target histamine-1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled in up to 50% of patients  who are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms  including persistent itch or burning sensations that can be debilitating and significantly impact quality of life.The sBLA is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials (LIBERTY-CUPID Studies A and B) evaluating Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU. Study A was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines with efficacy and safety data supporting the submission  while Study B was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines and refractory to omalizumab with results providing additional supporting data.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About the CSU Clinical Trial ProgramThe clinical trial program  known as LIBERTY-CUPID  includes Studies A and B  two Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU.Study A evaluated Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone in 138 patients with CSU aged 6 years and older who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. Study B evaluated Dupixent in 108 patients with CSU aged 12 to 80 years who remained symptomatic despite standard-of-care treatment and were intolerant or incomplete responders to omalizumab.In addition to CSU  Regeneron and Sanofi are also studying Dupixent in chronic inducible urticaria triggered by cold (LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program) in an ongoing Phase 3 trial.About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the IL-4 and IL-13 pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.About Regeneron’s VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron’s VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron’s President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies currently available. This includes Dupixent  REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab  and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  CSU  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older  who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg)  with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 12 years of age and who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR U.S. PATIENTSDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:Allergic r ea c t i on s. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. Eye pr ob l e m s. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. Inflammation o f y ou r b l oo d v e ss e l s. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema : injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). Asthma : injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. Chronic R h i no s i nu s i t i s w i th N a s a l P o ly po s i s: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache. Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia). Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away.These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center®  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and children aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of CSU (including potential approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration based on the supplemental Biologics License Application discussed in this press release)  pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria', 'FDA Review', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'Application', 'Treatment', 'CSU', 'Adults', 'Adolescents', 'two Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'two different patient populations', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'fully human monoclonal antibodies', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'CSU Clinical Trial Program', 'different age populations', 'The Dupixent development program', 'ongoing Phase 3 trial', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program', 'target action date', 'significant clinical benefit', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Frederick W. Alt', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'related VelociSuite® technologies', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'additional supporting data', 'chronic inducible urticaria', 'H1 antihistamine treatment', 'U.S. Food', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'clinical development', 'human antibodies', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'care treatment', 'multiple related', 'Dr. Yancopoulos', 'VelocImmune Technology', 'antihistamine use', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Drug Administration', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'upper airways', 'H1 antihistamines', 'histamine-1 receptors', 'persistent itch', 'burning sensations', 'regulatory authority', 'Studies A', 'to 80 years', 'incomplete responders', 'IL-13 pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'mouse platform', 'immune system', 'graduate student', 'humanized mouse', 'substantial proportion', 'original, FDA-approved', 'Study A', 'Study B', 'potential use', 'uncontrolled CSU', 'current standard', 'FDA decision', 'skin condition', 'LIBERTY-CUPID Studies', 'morbid diseases', 'safety data', 'care antihistamines', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'CSU patients', '138 patients', '108 patients', '500,000 patients', 'Dupixent®', 'More', '300,000 people', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'October', 'part', 'sudden', 'swelling', 'face', 'hands', 'feet', 'throat', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'life', 'sBLA', 'efficacy', 'submission', 'refractory', 'omalizumab', 'results', 'therapy', 'cold', 'signaling', 'IL-4', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'key', 'indications', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'EoE', 'one', 'countries', 'world', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'President', 'mentor', 'decades', 'team', 'REGEN-COV®', 'casirivimab', 'imdevimab', 'Libtayo®', 'Praluent', 'alirocumab', 'Kevzara', 'sarilumab', 'Evkeeza', 'Inmazeb®', 'atoltivimab', 'maftivimab']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20064,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/07/2622432/0/en/McPhy-2022-Annual-Results-Accelerated-Investment-and-Solid-Cash-Position.html,McPhy 2022 Annual Results Accelerated Investment and Solid Cash Position,Press release  Annual revenue of €16.1 million  driven by strong growth of +37% in the second half of the yearIncrease in the backlog1 to €30.6...,"Press releaseAnnual revenue of €16.1 million  driven by strong growth of +37% in the second half of the yearIncrease in the backlog 1 to €30.6 million  i.e. a growth of +51% generated by strong firm order intake in 2022to €30.6 million  i.e. a growth of +51% generated by strong firm order intake in 2022 EBITDA of €(36.8) million within the expected rangeNet result of €(38.2) million  benefiting from a positive financial resultCash position of €135.5 million as of 31 December 2022 enabling growth fundingGrenoble  March 7  2023 - 5:45 pm CET - McPhy Energy  specialized in low-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  today announces its consolidated results for the financial year 2022  ended December 31  approved today by the Company's Board of Directors2.Simplified P&L3(€ million) 2022 2021 Change Revenue 16.1 13.1 +22% Other operating income 1.9 1.5 +27% Income from Operating Activities 17.9 14.6 +23% Purchases consumed (15.9) (10.5) +51% Personal costs (17.7) (11.6) +52% External costs (21.1) (8.0) +169% EBITDA (36.8) (15.5) Depreciation  amortization and net provisions (1.6) (8.0) (81%) Operating Income (EBIT) (38.4) (23.5) Financial Result 0.4 (0.1) n.s. Income Tax (0.1) (0.0) n.s. Net Result (38.2) (23.6)Jean-Baptiste Lucas  CEO of McPhy  states: ""In 2022  McPhy has achieved several key milestones towards its industrial scale-up in a market context displaying the first signs of acceleration. Indeed  large-scale projects have materialized and will certainly expand in the coming years to reach the carbon neutrality objectives set by the French government and European institutions. To meet this challenge  we have significantly increased the production capacity of our two product lines. Small and medium-capacity electrolyzers on the San Miniato site  which is now automated for mass production. Large-capacity electrolyzers through the start of construction of our Gigafactory in Belfort. As for the refueling stations  we are now located in Grenoble in a new factory which will enable us to produce 150 hydrogen distribution stations per year over time. This site brings together all our teams and is now the company's headquarters. From a commercial perspective  McPhy has recorded at the end of the year a first major contract in the industry with one of the world's largest steel manufacturers. This project confirms the tremendous potential of low-carbon hydrogen in manufacturing applications. We now have two challenges to meet: accelerating our commercial penetration and pursuing the industrialization of mass production of reliable and competitive high-capacity equipment. To achieve such objectives  our roadmap is based on two priorities: the continuation of our industrialization phase and the development of our technological enhancements. In this respect  we can count on accelerated market growth  a solid balance sheet and the support of our partners. All these elements are assets to achieve McPhy's ambition to play a leading role in the future of low-carbon hydrogen”.Return to sustained sales growth in 2022 and strong order intakeRevenue for fiscal year 2022 increase by 22%  compare to 2021  to €16.1 million. Restated for the takeover of two old generation stations sold during previous years (which amount deducted from the revenue of the first half of the year)  revenue would be €18.3 million compared to €13.1 million in 2021  i.e. a growth of +39%. This return to growth primarily results from the execution of the first orders under the major contracts signed over the past years. Sales are split between the supply of large capacity electrolyzers from the McLyzer and Piel range (68%) and the supply of stations (32%).In addition  McPhy recorded a strong growth of +53% in firm order intake to €29.4 million  bringing the order backlog to €30.6 million as of December 31  2022  up +51% compared to December 31  2021.As of 31 December 2022  McPhy had a portfolio of projects signed  commissioned and/or under execution representing a cumulative 45 MW for the supply of electrolyzers and 40 stations.The Group has furthermore been identified as a preferred partner and/or selected as a supplier for a total capacity of 148 MW and 56 stations  bringing its portfolio of opportunities to 193 MW for the supply of electrolyzers and 96 for the supply of stations.Operating result reflecting growth investmentsIn fiscal year 2022  to support the expected growth in its business  the Group has continued its development strategy. This has resulted in an increase in current expenses linked to :the structuring of the teams and active recruitment plan;innovation and R&D expenditure related to the improvement of current products and the development of its new ranges of electrolyzers and stations;the strengthening of its engineering resources for the executionof customer projects.In this context  personnel expenses increased by approximately €6 million in 2022  as a result of the recruitment of 85 new employees  and reached €17.7 million. Other external expenses amounted to €21.1 million  a significant increase due to the Group's commitment to structuring and enhancing its industrial  engineering and R&D activities (subcontracting services  prospection costs  technical expertise).EBITDA  which includes for an amount of €1.6 million the share of IPCEI grant4 applicable to the eligible expenses over the period  stands at €(36.8) million and is within the range announced at the time of the annual revenue publication.The Operating result is €(38.4) million  with no significant difference to EBITDA  unlike the previous year. This is explained by changes in provisions related to the Energiedienst incident in 2021  including a reversal with utilization of €2.6 million in 2022 (prior year accrual was €4.5 million): restated for these items  net provisions are comparable year-on-year.Taking into account a positive financial result  the Net Result standsat €(38.2) million  compared to €(23.6) million in 2021.Solid cash position as of December 31  2022Net cash consumption was €(41.7) million in fiscal year 2022  including:cash flow from operating activities of €(43.7) million (excluding the IPCEI4 operating grant)  due to the change in EBITDA and a €(7.8) million change in working capital requirements;this net working capital requirement is explained by the sustained growth and the increase in inventories  due to the anticipated procurement of some critical components;the initial payment of the IPCEI4 public aid for an amount of €26.9 million  including the €1.6 million deduction for the share taken to the profit and loss statement;the investments necessary for the Group’s scale-up amounting to €(13.1) million  of which €(7.7) million dedicated to the Gigafactory;the financial investment of €(12.4) million in the Hype convertible bonds subscribed as part of the strategic partnership concluded in December 2021.As a result  McPhy holds a cash position of €135.5 million as of December 31  2022 compared to €177.2 million as of December 31  2021.Acceleration of industrial scale-up with the launch of the Gigafactory projectIn the framework of the eligibility of its electrolyzer Gigafactory project to the European IPCEI4 scheme  the Company concluded a public aid agreement with the French State through Bpifrance  for a maximum amount of €114 million. Following the signature of this agreement  McPhy has made its final investment decision and received a first payment of €28.5 million from Bpifrance in the last quarter of 2022. Work has already started on the commissioning of the future plant in Belfort  with a launch scheduled for the first half of 2024  followed by a gradual ramp-up to reach an annual production capacity of 1 GW. The amount of investments dedicated to the Gigafactory should be around €25 million for the year 2023.Concurrently  McPhy has continued its efforts to scale up the electrolyzer part of the business by increasing its production capacity to 300 MW at its San Miniato site  in order to meet market demand while awaiting the commissioning of the Gigafactory.For the stations business  McPhy has finalized the regrouping of all the activities of this business line on its new site in the heart of Grenoble in an existing industrial building of more than 4 000 sqm. This new site will have a production capacity of 150 stations per year.OutlookThe level of its backlog and the continued ramp-up of the hydrogen market allow McPhy to anticipate another year of sustained growth in 2023.The annual financial report will be made available as part of its 2022 Universal Registration Document no later than April 30  2023  on the Company's Investor website  in the “ Financial reports ” section (https://www.mcphy-finance.com).Upcoming financial events :Annual General Meeting   on May 24  2023  on May 24  2023 2023 First-Half Results  on July 27  2023  after market closeABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress relationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAPPENDICESCash-flow Statement(€ million) 2022 2021 Net result (38.2) (23.6) Cash-flow from operations (35.9) (15.8) Working capital requirement (7.8) 4.5 Operating subsidies received 26.9 - Net cash flow from operating activities (16.9) (11.3) Net cash flow from investing activities (23.0) (5.1) Net cash flow from financing activities (1.6) (4.0) Change in cash and cash equivalents (41.7) (20 5) Closing cash position 135.5 177.2The audit procedures have been carried out and the audit report on the certification is being issued.Balance Sheet StatementAssets (€ million) 2022 2021 Goodwill 2.5 2.5 Intangible assets 7.6 3.7 Tangible assets 18.1 4.8 Other non-current assets 12.9 0.5 Non-current assets 41.1 11.5 Inventories 12.0 4.3 Trade and other receivables 19.1 11.1 Current tax assets 1.1 0.7 Cash and cash equivalents 135.5 177.2 Current assets 167.7 193.2 TOTAL ASSETS 208.8 204.8 Liabilities (€ million) 2022 2021 Share capital 3.4 3.4 Premium issued 191.6 201.9 Treasury shares (0.9) (1.2) Retained earnings (59.2) (31.4) Shareholders' Equity 134.9 172.6 Investment grants 2.5 - Provision - over 1 year 2.5 2.2 Financial debt & borrowings - over 1 year 4.5 3.5 Deferred tax liabilities 0.7 0.6 Non-current liabilities 10.2 6.4 Provisions - under 1 year 5.7 6.5 Financial debt & borrowings - under 1 year 1.6 1.1 Trade and other payables 18.2 6.7 Other current liabilities 38.2 11.5 Current liabilities 63.7 25.8 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 208.8 204.8The audit procedures have been carried out and the audit report on the certification is being issued.1 Order intake not yet recorded as revenue2 The Group's statutory and consolidated financial statements will be formally approved by the Board of Directors on April 6  20233 The audit work is in progress and the statutory auditors plan to issue their reports after Board of Directors’ approval4 IPCEI (""Important Project of Common European Interest"") is a funding scheme that supports projects deemed essential for Europe's competitiveness  allowing state members to fund initiatives beyond the limits usually set by European regulations. A PIIEC or IPCEI Hydrogen was launched on 17 December 2020 and the Group's electrolyzer Gigafactory project validated by the European Commission in July 2022.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['McPhy 2022 Annual Results Accelerated Investment', 'Solid Cash Position', 'strong firm order intake', 'two old generation stations', 'strong order intake', 'several key milestones', 'largest steel manufacturers', 'solid balance sheet', 'R&D expenditure', 'two product lines', 'competitive high-capacity equipment', 'carbon neutrality objectives', 'San Miniato site', 'active recruitment plan', 'Other external expenses', 'first major contract', 'positive financial result', 'Other operating income', 'low-carbon hydrogen production', 'large capacity electrolyzers', '150 hydrogen distribution stations', 'sustained sales growth', 'distribution equipment', 'two challenges', 'two priorities', 'strong growth', 'order backlog', 'production capacity', 'External costs', 'major contracts', 'total capacity', 'current expenses', 'personnel expenses', 'Operating Activities', 'first signs', 'mass production', 'first half', 'first orders', 'Operating result', 'Press release', 'second half', 'Net result', 'Cash position', 'consolidated results', 'P&L3', 'Personal costs', 'net provisions', 'Income Tax', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'industrial scale-up', 'coming years', 'French government', 'European institutions', 'new factory', 'commercial perspective', 'tremendous potential', 'manufacturing applications', 'commercial penetration', 'technological enhancements', 'leading role', 'previous years', 'past years', 'preferred partner', 'current products', 'new ranges', 'engineering resources', '85 new employees', 'refueling stations', 'financial year', 'growth funding', 'market growth', 'growth investments', 'expected growth', 'large-scale projects', 'customer projects', 'medium-capacity electrolyzers', 'Large-capacity electrolyzers', 'market context', 'industrialization phase', 'Piel range', 'The Group', 'fiscal year', 'Annual revenue', 'Change Revenue', 'cumulative 45 MW', 'development strategy', 'McPhy Energy', '40 stations', '56 stations', '148 MW', '193 MW', 'Increase', '2022 EBITDA', '31 December', 'Grenoble', 'March', 'Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Purchases', '9% EBITDA', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'CEO', 'acceleration', 'Small', 'start', 'construction', 'Gigafactory', 'Belfort', 'time', 'teams', 'headquarters', 'industry', 'world', 'reliable', 'roadmap', 'continuation', 'respect', 'accelerated', 'support', 'partners', 'elements', 'assets', 'ambition', 'future', 'Return', 'takeover', 'amount', 'execution', 'supply', 'McLyzer', 'addition', 'portfolio', 'supplier', 'opportunities', 'business', 'innovation', 'improvement', 'strengthening', '5:45']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,globenewswire.com
20065,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REGENERON-PHARMACEUTICALS-10649/news/Dupixent-dupilumab-Application-for-Treatment-of-Chronic-Spontaneous-Urticaria-CSU-in-Adults-and-43175488/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230307,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Application for Treatment of Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria (CSU) in Adults and Adolescents Aged 12 Years and Older Accepted for FDA Review,(marketscreener.com)  TARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  March 07  2023 -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. and Sanofi today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application for Dupixent® to t…,TARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  March 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) that is not adequately controlled with the current standard of care  H1 antihistamine treatment. The target action date for the FDA decision is October 22  2023.CSU is an inflammatory skin condition driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and swelling on the skin. Swelling  called angioedema  may occur most commonly on the face  hands and feet  but can also affect the throat and upper airways. CSU is typically treated with H1 antihistamines  medicines that target histamine-1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled in up to 50% of patients  who are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms  including persistent itch or burning sensations that can be debilitating and significantly impact quality of life.The sBLA is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials (LIBERTY-CUPID Studies A and B) evaluating Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU. Study A was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines with efficacy and safety data supporting the submission  while Study B was conducted in CSU patients who were uncontrolled on standard-of-care antihistamines and refractory to omalizumab with results providing additional supporting data.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About the CSU Clinical Trial ProgramThe clinical trial program  known as LIBERTY-CUPID  includes Studies A and B  two Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in two different patient populations with uncontrolled CSU.Study A evaluated Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone in 138 patients with CSU aged 6 years and older who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. Study B evaluated Dupixent in 108 patients with CSU aged 12 to 80 years who remained symptomatic despite standard-of-care treatment and were intolerant or incomplete responders to omalizumab.In addition to CSU  Regeneron and Sanofi are also studying Dupixent in chronic inducible urticaria triggered by cold (LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program) in an ongoing Phase 3 trial.About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the IL-4 and IL-13 pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.About Regeneron’s VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron’s VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron’s President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies currently available. This includes Dupixent  REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab  and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  CSU  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older  who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg)  with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 12 years of age and who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR U.S. PATIENTSDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:Allergic r ea c t i on s. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. Eye pr ob l e m s. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. Inflammation o f y ou r b l oo d v e ss e l s. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema : injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). Asthma : injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. Chronic R h i no s i nu s i t i s w i th N a s a l P o ly po s i s: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache. Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia). Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away.These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center®  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and children aged 12 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of CSU (including potential approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration based on the supplemental Biologics License Application discussed in this press release)  pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  atopic hand and foot dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria', 'FDA Review', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'Application', 'Treatment', 'CSU', 'Adults', 'Adolescents', 'two Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'two different patient populations', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'fully human monoclonal antibodies', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'CSU Clinical Trial Program', 'different age populations', 'The Dupixent development program', 'ongoing Phase 3 trial', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'LIBERTY-CINDU CUrIADS program', 'significant clinical benefit', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Frederick W. Alt', 'global collaboration agreement', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'related VelociSuite® technologies', 'U.S. Food', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'target action date', 'additional supporting data', 'chronic inducible urticaria', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'H1 antihistamine treatment', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'clinical development', 'human antibodies', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'care treatment', 'multiple related', 'Dr. Yancopoulos', 'VelocImmune Technology', 'antihistamine use', 'H1 antihistamines', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Drug Administration', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'upper airways', 'histamine-1 receptors', 'persistent itch', 'burning sensations', 'regulatory authority', 'Studies A', 'to 80 years', 'incomplete responders', 'IL-13 pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'mouse platform', 'immune system', 'graduate student', 'humanized mouse', 'substantial proportion', 'original, FDA-approved', 'Study A', 'Study B', 'potential use', 'uncontrolled CSU', 'current standard', 'FDA decision', 'skin condition', 'LIBERTY-CUPID Studies', 'morbid diseases', 'care antihistamines', 'safety data', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'CSU patients', '138 patients', '108 patients', '500,000 patients', 'Dupixent®', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'October', 'part', 'sudden', 'swelling', 'face', 'hands', 'feet', 'throat', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'life', 'sBLA', 'efficacy', 'submission', 'refractory', 'omalizumab', 'results', 'therapy', 'cold', 'signaling', 'IL-4', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'key', 'indications', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'EoE', 'one', 'countries', 'world', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'More', 'President', 'mentor', 'decades', 'team', 'REGEN-COV®', 'casirivimab', 'imdevimab', 'Libtayo®', 'Praluent', 'alirocumab', 'Kevzara', 'sarilumab', 'Evkeeza', 'Inmazeb', 'atoltivimab', 'maftivimab']",2023-03-07,2023-03-08,marketscreener.com
20066,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105733365/Voltalia-SA-First-Power-Generation-For-Helexia-In-Brazil,Voltalia SA: First Power Generation For Helexia In Brazil,English French  Helexia  a subsidiary of Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588) and an international player in the energy tr,Helexia  a subsidiary of Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588) and an international player in the energy transition  announces its first Brazilian distributed generation solar assets began to supply Vivo  a brand of Telefonica  with electricity.After announcing in December 2021 the signing of a contract for the supply of 87 megawatts of solar power to Vivo  based on a series of distributed-energy projects in eight Brazilian states  Helexia is now pleased to announce it has successfully connected a first tranche of 4.9 megawatts in the municipality of Paranaiba (state of Mato Grosso do Sul).An extra 20-megawatt tranche  located in the states of Rondônia and Parana  is expected to be connected in April. The remaining 62 megawatts  located in the states of Sao Paulo  Ceara  Rio Grande do Sul  Tocantins e Amazonas  are expected to be progressively completed until the end of the year.“With high electricity price due to the war in Ukraine and to nuclear plants unavailability in France  Helexia grows primarily in Europe. But Brazil is another major growth market for Helexia  which benefits from Voltalia's leadership in the country”  says Sebastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.“We are absolutely committed to our partnership with Vivo  and definitely proud to help companies accelerating their energy transition everywhere we operate  including Brazil”  adds Benjamin Simonis  CEO of Helexia.Next on the agenda: 2022 FY results   on March 23  2023 (before markets open)About Helexia (Helexia is a key player in the energy transition sector.Founded in 2010  Helexia  a subsidiary of Voltalia (ISIN code Euronext Paris: FR0011995588)  specializes in the energy performance of buildings and the production of photovoltaic energy on-site (on roofs and solar carports).With more than 350 employees spread over 8 countries  Helexia has completed more than 350 photovoltaic projects representing 104 MW installed. Helexia supports its commercial and industrial clients in more than 180 energy efficiency projects and manages 1000 sites each year.Helexia offers a wide range of services  from strategy definition to construction  implementation  monitoring  and maintenance of equipment.About Voltalia ( ) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance. As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps.Press contacts Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail:T. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00ActifinPress Contact: Loris Daougabel. T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11 Delphine Lebon  Key Account and Marketing CoordinatorEmail :Attachmentvoltalia sa: first power generation for helexia in brazil,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.05,0.5,True,English,"['First Power Generation', 'Voltalia SA', 'Helexia', 'Brazil', 'first Brazilian distributed generation solar assets', 'Mato Grosso do Sul', 'ISIN code Euronext Paris', 'first power generation', 'Rio Grande do', 'eight Brazilian states', 'renewable energy sector', 'extra 20-megawatt tranche', 'major growth market', 'energy transition sector', '180 energy efficiency projects', 'renewable energy projects', 'high electricity price', 'energy efficiency services', 'first tranche', 'solar power', 'solar carports', 'energy performance', 'photovoltaic energy', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'distributed-energy projects', '350 photovoltaic projects', 'international player', 'Rondônia', 'Sao Paulo', 'nuclear plants', 'Sebastien Clerc', 'Benjamin Simonis', '2022 FY results', 'before markets', 'key player', 'wide range', 'strategy definition', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Press contacts', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Loris Daougabel', 'Delphine Lebon', 'Key Account', 'Marketing Coordinator', 'industrial clients', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'private companies', 'local production', 'remaining 62 megawatts', 'voltalia sa', '87 megawatts', '4.9 megawatts', 'Helexia', 'subsidiary', 'Vivo', 'brand', 'Telefonica', 'December', 'signing', 'contract', 'supply', 'series', 'municipality', 'Paranaiba', 'April', 'Ceara', 'Tocantins', 'Amazonas', 'end', 'year', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'France', 'Europe', 'leadership', 'country', 'CEO', 'partnership', 'March', 'buildings', 'site', 'roofs', '350 employees', '8 countries', '104 MW', 'commercial', 'construction', 'implementation', 'monitoring', 'maintenance', 'equipment', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'pioneer', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Actifin', 'Attachment']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,menafn.com
20067,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/cairn-homes-plc-block-listing-174627623.html,Cairn Homes Plc: Block Listing Application,"Block Listing Application 08-March-2023 / 17:46 GMT/BST. Cairn Homes plc ("" Cairn"" or the ""Company "") Block Listing Application.","Cairn Homes Plc (CRN)Cairn Homes Plc: Block Listing ApplicationCairn Homes plc(""Cairn"" or the ""Company"")Block Listing Application8 March 2023: Cairn Homes plc  announces that a block listing application has been made  in aggregate  for 3 064 015 Ordinary Shares of €0.001 each in the Company  pursuant to Cairn Homes plc Save As You Earn Share Option Scheme (the Scheme).The shares are to be admitted to:listing on the primary listing segment of the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to the standard listing segment of the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority; andtrading on Euronext Dublin's Main Securities Market and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities.Admission is expected to become effective at 8am on 10 March 2023.In addition  the Company confirms that it issued 7 921 shares on Monday 6 March to satisfy an exercise under this Scheme.All of the above shares will be fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing issued Ordinary Shares of the Company upon issuance.For further information  contact:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryNotes to EditorsCairn Homes plc (“Cairn”) is the leading Irish homebuilder committed to building high-quality  competitively priced  sustainable new homes and communities in great locations. At Cairn  the homeowner is at the very centre of the design process. We strive to provide unparalleled customer service throughout each stage of the home-buying journey. A new Cairn home is expertly designed  with a focus on creating shared spaces and environments where communities thrive. Cairn owns a c. 16 800 unit landbank across 34 residential development sites  over 90% of which are located in the Greater Dublin Area (“GDA”) with excellent public transport and infrastructure links.Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.39,0.0,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Block Listing Application', 'high-quality, competitively priced, sustainable new homes', 'new Cairn home', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'London Stock Exchange', 'leading Irish homebuilder', 'unparalleled customer service', 'c. 16,800 unit landbank', '34 residential development sites', 'excellent public transport', 'Block Listing Application', 'primary listing segment', 'standard listing segment', 'Greater Dublin Area', 'Cairn Homes Plc', 'Share Option Scheme', 'Main Securities Market', 'Company Secretary Notes', 'Main Market', 'listed securities', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Official List', 'Tara Grimley', 'great locations', 'design process', 'home-buying journey', 'shared spaces', 'infrastructure links', 'EQS Group', 'Monday 6 March', 'Regulatory Announcement', '3,064,015 Ordinary Shares', '10 March', '7,921 shares', 'CRN', 'aggregate', 'Admission', '8am', 'addition', 'exercise', 'passu', 'respects', 'issuance', 'information', 'Editors', 'communities', 'homeowner', 'centre', 'stage', 'focus', 'environments', 'GDA', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,uk.finance.yahoo.com
20068,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-volumes-february-2023-164500145.html,Euronext announces volumes for February 2023,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45 Euronext announces volumes for February 2023 Amsterdam ,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for February 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 March 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for February 2023.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services)+33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.Story continuesFor the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.21,0.69,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,930 listed issuers', 'end December', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'Corporate Services', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'February', '8 March', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Story', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'rights-request', 'dpo', 'Attachment']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,uk.finance.yahoo.com
20069,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-joins-besafe-campaign-combat-153500698.html,VEON Joins BeSafe Campaign to Combat Human Trafficking Targeting Ukrainians,(NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces its support to “BeSafe” campaign to protect Ukrainian women and children from the risks of human trafficking.,VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  8 March 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces its support to “BeSafe” campaign to protect Ukrainian women and children from the risks of human trafficking. VEON  through its Ukrainian digital operator Kyivstar  is joining the campaign by instigating a messaging system to alert and protect potentially vulnerable Ukrainians by increasing awareness and enabling reporting of risks.BeSafe is an awareness and protection campaign organised by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and Thomson Reuters to provide Ukrainians with critical information on how they can spot the warning signs of traffickers  minimize the risks and get assistance through crisis hotlines in 12 European countries.To support the initiative  VEON provides technical aid while Kyivstar launches a messaging campaign that reaches displaced Ukrainians in countries of refuge  offering advice on how to report suspected trafficking and how to find help. The messaging campaign focuses on individuals who have been displaced to particularly high-risk countries where known human trafficking is occurring.“Women and children make up around 90% of those who have left Ukraine and more than half of those displaced. The surge in numbers of vulnerable people means opportunities for human traffickers and we need to do whatever we can to protect those most at risk.” explains Matthieu Galvani  VEON Group Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. “With Kyivstar’s focus on serving the most vulnerable communities and thanks to the collaboration of our fellow operators for roam-like-home services  mobile phones are once again a lifeline for dissemination of accurate information. We are humbled to be a part of this initiative to help Ukrainians forced out of their homes to stay safe.”Ukrainian trafficking victims in Europe are projected to increase by a factor of nine  according to a recent United Nations report. The UN has also identified the displacement of Ukrainians as one of two new factors driving human trafficking activity on a global scale.Story continuesAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the partnership described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the initiatives referred to above will be successful.Contact informationAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,mixed,0.28,0.15,0.56,True,English,"['BeSafe Campaign', 'Human Trafficking', 'VEON', 'Ukrainians', 'VEON Group Chief Corporate Affairs Officer', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'recent United Nations report', 'two new factors', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'global digital operator', 'Ukrainian digital operator', 'Ukrainian trafficking victims', 'human trafficking activity', 'global scale', 'Ukrainian women', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'messaging system', 'Thomson Reuters', 'warning signs', 'crisis hotlines', 'technical aid', 'Matthieu Galvani', 'vulnerable communities', 'fellow operators', 'home services', 'mobile phones', 'The UN', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'critical information', 'human traffickers', 'accurate information', 'Contact information', 'protection campaign', 'messaging campaign', 'VEON Ltd', '12 European countries', 'high-risk countries', 'vulnerable people', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'vulnerable Ukrainians', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'NASDAQ', 'support', 'children', 'risks', 'Kyivstar', 'potentially', 'awareness', 'reporting', 'BeSafe', 'Organization', 'Security', 'Cooperation', 'OSCE', 'assistance', 'initiative', 'refuge', 'advice', 'help', 'individuals', 'Ukraine', 'half', 'surge', 'numbers', 'opportunities', 'focus', 'collaboration', 'roam', 'lifeline', 'dissemination', 'part', 'homes', 'displacement', 'Story', 'lives', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
20070,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58496740-wolters-kluwer-n-v-wolters-kluwer-releases-2022-annual-report-399.htm,Wolters Kluwer N.V.: Wolters Kluwer releases 2022 Annual Report,Wolters Kluwer releases 2022 Annual ReportAnnual Report and materials for Annual General Meeting of Shareholders available online Alphen aan den Rijn - March 8  2023 - Wolters Kluwer,"Wolters Kluwer releases2022 Annual ReportAnnual Report and materials forAnnual General Meeting of Shareholders availableonlineAlphen aan den Rijn - March 8  2023 - Wolters Kluwer  a global provider of professional information  software solutions  and services  today published its 2022 Annual Report. The 2022 Financial Statements  as included in the 2022 Annual Report  will be proposed for adoption at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) on May 10  2023.The 2022 Annual Report provides detailed insights into Wolters Kluwer's financial and non-financial performance during 2022. The report is available on our company website at www.wolterskluwer.com/annual-report  where an XBRL version in the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) is also available for download.The AGM will be held on May 10  2023. The agenda with explanatory notes and the convocation notice for the AGM is available at www.wolterskluwer.com/agm. The agenda includes a proposal to distribute a total dividend over the 2022 financial year of €1.81 per ordinary share. If approved  this will result in a final dividend of €1.18 per ordinary share. In addition  the agenda includes proposals to reappoint Mr. Chris Vogelzang as member of the Supervisory Board and to appoint KPMG Accountants N.V. as the external auditor of the company for financial years 2025 - 2028. The AGM will be held in a hybrid format  enabling shareholders to attend  ask questions  and vote virtually or in person.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Financial CalendarMay 3  2023 First-Quarter 2023 Trading UpdateMay 10  2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersMay 12  2023 Ex-dividend date: 2022 final dividendMay 15  2023 Record date: 2022 final dividendJune 6  2023 Payment date: 2022 final dividend  ordinary sharesJune 13  2023 Payment date: 2022 final dividend  ADRsAugust 2  2023 Half-Year 2023 ResultsAugust 29  2023 Ex-dividend date: 2023 interim dividendAugust 30  2023 Record date: 2023 interim dividendSeptember 21  2023 Payment date: 2023 interim dividendSeptember 28  2023 Payment date: 2023 interim dividend  ADRsNovember 1  2023 Nine-Month 2023 Trading UpdateFebruary 21  2024 Full-Year 2023 ResultsMarch 6  2024 Publication of 2023 Annual ReportMedia Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking statements and other important legal informationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ""expect""  ""should""  ""could""  ""shall"" and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer's businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU).Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.21,0.65,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer N.V.', '2022 Annual Report', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'other important legal information', 'Mr. Chris Vogelzang', 'deep domain knowledge', 'First-Quarter 2023 Trading Update', 'Nine-Month 2023 Trading Update', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'The 2022 Annual Report', 'The 2022 Financial Statements', 'hybrid format', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'new information', 'counter market', 'ordinary shares', '2022 annual revenues', '2023 Annual Report', 'professional information', 'inside information', 'global provider', 'software solutions', 'detailed insights', 'non-financial performance', 'XBRL version', 'explanatory notes', 'convocation notice', 'total dividend', 'final dividend', 'Supervisory Board', 'external auditor', 'global leader', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'Ex-dividend date', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'Half-Year 2023 Results', '2023 interim dividend', 'Full-Year 2023 Results', 'Media Investors', 'Forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', '2022 financial year', 'financial years', 'Financial Calendar', 'The AGM', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'company website', 'materials', 'Shareholders', 'March', 'services', 'adoption', 'May', 'wolterskluwer', 'annual-report', 'ESEF', 'download', 'agenda', 'proposal', 'addition', 'member', 'questions', 'person', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'June', 'November', 'February', 'Publication', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-03-05,2023-03-08,finanznachrichten.de
20071,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Investing Marathon: Euronext NV (ENF.FP) https://t.co/1NHw0wNgTb,nan,Investing Marathon: Euronext NV (ENF.FP) https://t.co/1NHw0wNgTb,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Investing Marathon', 'Euronext NV', 'Investing Marathon', 'Euronext NV']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20072,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,MYHOTELMATCH And ASETEK On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Wednesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/duBkaRlZU9(… https://t.co/FLAlMLyupy,nan,MYHOTELMATCH And ASETEK On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Wednesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/duBkaRlZU9(… https://t.co/FLAlMLyupy,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'MYHOTELMATCH', 'ASETEK', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Wednesday', 'duBkaRlZU9', 'FLAlMLyupy', 'Euronext Session', 'MYHOTELMATCH', 'ASETEK', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Wednesday', 'duBkaRlZU9', 'FLAlMLyupy']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20073,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Announces Annual Review Results Of The PSI® https://t.co/DoGQ6swFYq,nan,Euronext Announces Annual Review Results Of The PSI® https://t.co/DoGQ6swFYq,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual Review Results', 'The PSI', 'Euronext', 'DoGQ6swFYq', 'Annual Review Results', 'The PSI', 'Euronext', 'DoGQ6swFYq']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20074,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Announces Annual Review Results Of The BEL® Family Indices https://t.co/kngivcSuEK,nan,Euronext Announces Annual Review Results Of The BEL® Family Indices https://t.co/kngivcSuEK,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['The BEL® Family Indices', 'Annual Review Results', 'Euronext', 'kngivcSuEK', 'The BEL® Family Indices', 'Annual Review Results', 'Euronext', 'kngivcSuEK']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20075,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Announces Volumes For February 2023 https://t.co/kjwn7Pv9oQ,nan,Euronext Announces Volumes For February 2023 https://t.co/kjwn7Pv9oQ,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Volumes', 'February', 'kjwn7Pv9oQ', 'Euronext', 'Volumes', 'February', 'kjwn7Pv9oQ']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20076,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Gimv joins @euronext_be #ESG index 👍💪🌍 https://t.co/gX3lj7dhUM,nan,@Gimv joins @euronext_be #ESG index 👍💪🌍 https://t.co/gX3lj7dhUM,neutral,0.18,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.18,0.82,0.01,True,English,[],2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20077,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Gimv joins @Euronext_be BEL-ESG index. 🌹 Thanks to all the management teams and 10000+ employees of our… https://t.co/OH9FoT6wr9,nan,@Gimv joins @Euronext_be BEL-ESG index. 🌹 Thanks to all the management teams and 10000+ employees of our… https://t.co/OH9FoT6wr9,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['BEL-ESG index', 'management teams', '10000+ employees', 'OH9FoT6wr9', 'BEL-ESG index', 'management teams', '10000+ employees', 'OH9FoT6wr9']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20078,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF - Euronext announces volumes for February 2023 https://t.co/EMqEM7iqmh,nan,$EUXTF - Euronext announces volumes for February 2023 https://t.co/EMqEM7iqmh,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'EMqEM7iqmh', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'EMqEM7iqmh']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20079,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$N100 #EURONEXT100 - 1H: All elements being clearly bearish  it would be possible for traders to trade only short p… https://t.co/z8tWrnTkpA,nan,$N100 #EURONEXT100 - 1H: All elements being clearly bearish  it would be possible for traders to trade only short p… https://t.co/z8tWrnTkpA,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['1H', 'elements', 'traders', 'short', '1H', 'elements', 'traders', 'short']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20080,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$N100 #EURONEXT100 - 1H: All elements being clearly bearish  it would be possible for traders to trade only short p… https://t.co/KluliylI6v,nan,$N100 #EURONEXT100 - 1H: All elements being clearly bearish  it would be possible for traders to trade only short p… https://t.co/KluliylI6v,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['1H', 'elements', 'traders', 'short', 'KluliylI6v', '1H', 'elements', 'traders', 'short', 'KluliylI6v']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20081,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext announces volumes for February 2023 https://t.co/uJ4W8YPcWz,nan,Euronext announces volumes for February 2023 https://t.co/uJ4W8YPcWz,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'February']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20082,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,According to Euronext exchange  investment funds hold the third largest net short position in Wheat🌾and the largest… https://t.co/IVg4HMWAId,nan,According to Euronext exchange  investment funds hold the third largest net short position in Wheat🌾and the largest… https://t.co/IVg4HMWAId,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['third largest net short position', 'Euronext exchange', 'investment funds', 'Wheat', 'IVg4HMWAId', 'third largest net short position', 'Euronext exchange', 'investment funds', 'Wheat', 'IVg4HMWAId']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
20083,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on March 08  10:35:00: VEON Joins BeSafe Campaign to Combat Human Tr… https://t.co/TVHcHEElkb,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on March 08  10:35:00: VEON Joins BeSafe Campaign to Combat Human Tr… https://t.co/TVHcHEElkb,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Press Release', 'BeSafe Campaign', 'March', 'VEON', 'TVHcHEElkb', 'Press Release', 'BeSafe Campaign', 'March', 'VEON', 'TVHcHEElkb']",2023-03-08,2023-03-08,Unknown
