UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
30741,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751086/0/en/Notice-to-the-BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-s-Extraordinary-General-Meeting.html,Notice to the BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s Extraordinary General Meeting,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  28 September 2023 at 2.20 pm (EET)  Notice to the BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s......,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  28 September 2023 at 2.20 pm (EET)Notice to the BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s Extraordinary General MeetingThe shareholders of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc are invited to the company’s Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM)  which is held at the company’s premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu  on Monday 23 October 2023 starting at 2.00 pm (EET). The right to attend will be on each shareholder who  on the record date of 11 October 2023  is registered in the company’s shareholder register. The shareholders of nominee-registered shareholder are entitled to attend on the basis of the shares entitling him/her to be registered in the Shareholder Register on 20 October 2023 at 10.00 am.A. MATTERS TO BE DEALT WITH AT THE EGM1. Opening of the EGM2. Election of the chairman and the secretary3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Authorizing the Board to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting which will convene on 23 October 2023 at 2 p.m. that it decides to authorize the Board of Directors to decide in one or more instalments on share issues and on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The maximum number of shares to be issued pursuant to the authorization shall not exceed 6 000 000 shares.The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions for issuing shares  options and other special rights entitling to shares. Share issues and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may take place in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if there is a weighty financial reason for the company to do so. The authorization applies to the transfer of both new shares and own shares held by the company.In the company's share issue  shares may be transferred either in exchange for payment or free of charge. A directed share issue may be free of charge only if there is a particularly significant financial reason for the company and it is in the interests of all its shareholders.The authorization is valid until 23 October 2027 and it revokes the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on 30 March 2023 as it enters into force. On the date of the meeting notice  the Company has a total of 14 618 847 shares  and holds no treasury shares (0.0%).7) Closing of the meetingB: INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE MEETING1. Shareholders listed in the shareholder registerThe right to attend the EGM will be on each shareholder who  on the record date of 11 October 2023 of the EGM  is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. A shareholder whose shares are subscribed to his or her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register.A shareholder registered in the Company’s Shareholder Register who wishes to attend the EGM must register to the EGM via e-mail at the following address ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by mail to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu. The registration must be received latest by 20 October 2023 at 10.00 am (EET).When registering  the name of the shareholder  social security number or company ID  the telephone number and the identity of the potential assistant should be indicated. The disclosure of the personal data of the shareholders to BBS Oyj is only used in connection with the EGM and the related necessary registration.A shareholder  his representative or agent  at the meeting venue  should be able to prove his/her identity and/or the right to represent  where appropriate.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesThe shareholders of nominee-registered shareholder are entitled to attend at EGM on the basis of the shares entitling him/her to be registered in the Shareholder Register maintained by the Euroclear Finland Oy on 11 October 2023. Participation also requires the shareholder to be temporarily entered into the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by 20 October 2023 at 10.00 am (EET) on the basis of these shares. Shares subscribed in the temporary register of nominee-registered shareholders are considered officially registered for the EGM.The owner of a nominee-registered shareholder is advised to request promptly from his/her custodian the necessary instructions for registration in the company’s temporary shareholder register on the issuance of power of attorney and registration for the EGM. The administrator of the custodian shall notify such shareholder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to attend the EGM to be included in the company’s temporary shareholder register no later than on the above-mentioned date.3. The use of agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the EGM and exercise his/her rights there through an agent. The shareholder’s agent must prove his identity and present dated power of attorney or otherwise provide in a reliable manner that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the EGM. If a shareholder participates in the EGM through multiple agents  representing the shareholder in several securities accounts  at the time of registration must be reported the shares on the basis of which each representative represents the shareholder. Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered by e-mail to ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu of 20 October 2023 at 10.00 am (EET). The registration by letter must be received before the expiry of the above-mentioned registration period.4. Other instructions and informationThe shareholder present at the Extraordinary General Meeting has the right to ask questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc has a total of 14 618 847 shares on the date of the meeting notice. Each share gives one vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.5. EGM documentsThis invitation of the meeting  which includes all the proposals on the agenda of the EGM  is available on the website of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc at www. bbs-artebone.fi. The minutes of the EGM will be available on the above-mentioned website latest by 31 October 2023.In Oulu  28 September 2023BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Pekka Jalovaara  Chairman of the Board of Directors BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plctel. +358 50 552 9275Certified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB tel. +46 70 551 67 29  info@certifiedadviser.seDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki OyKey mediawww.bbs-artebone.fiBBS in briefBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is a orthobiology company that started its operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of complex bone fractures and bone healing issues. Our goal is to provide next-generation medical products for the treatment of bone injuries in orthopedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical industry  the development and research work require perseverance and courage to innovate. We have a track record of over 20 years in this field. Our company is characterized by expertise  innovation  and dedicated employees who are passionate about their work. Our developed product  ARTEBONE®  is in the final stages of product development  and we are seeking the CE marking to enable its commercialization in the EU market. We are based in Oulu with a medical manufacturing facility in Reisjärvi  holding a manufacturing license. The company's headquarters are in Oulu  and we employ 20 people.BBS has been listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since February 2018.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fi,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Plc', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right"", 'weighty financial reason', 'significant financial reason', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'social security number', 'other special rights', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'related necessary registration', 'temporary shareholder register', 'personal data', 'temporary register', 'option rights', 'maximum number', 'telephone number', 'A. MATTERS', 'share issues', 'directed issue', 'potential assistant', 'BBS Oyj', 'meeting venue', 'necessary instructions', 'nominee-registered shareholder', 'record date', 'meeting notice', 'new shares', 'treasury shares', 'nominee-registered shares', 'Company Announcement', 'company ID', 'The Board', '6,000,000 shares', '14,618,847 shares', '28 September', 'EGM', 'premises', 'Kiviharjunlenkki', '90220 Oulu', 'Monday', 'October', 'basis', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'secretary', 'minutes', 'persons', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'issuance', 'Directors', 'instalments', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'authorization', 'terms', 'conditions', 'options', 'place', 'deviation', 'transfer', 'exchange', 'payment', 'charge', 'interests', '30 March', 'force', 'total', 'Closing', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'mail', 'following', 'address', 'name', 'identity', 'disclosure', 'connection', 'representative', 'agent', 'Participation', 'owner', 'custodian', 'power', 'attorney', 'administrator', 'mentione', '2.20', '2.00', '10.00']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30742,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751333/0/en/Correction-Notice-to-the-BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-s-Extraordinary-General-Meeting.html,Correction: Notice to the BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s Extraordinary General Meeting,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  28 September 2023 at 4.35 pm (EET)      Correction: Notice to the BBS-Bioactive Bone...,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  28 September 2023 at 4.35 pm (EET)Correction: Notice to the BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s Extraordinary General MeetingCORRECTION: The date for the deadline for the registration of nominee registered shareholders has been corrected. The correct deadline is 18 October 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EET). The corrected release is available below in full.**************The shareholders of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc are invited to the company’s Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM)  which is held at the company’s premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu  on Monday 23 October 2023 starting at 2.00 pm (EET). The right to attend will be on each shareholder who  on the record date of 11 October 2023  is registered in the company’s shareholder register. The shareholders of nominee-registered shareholder are entitled to attend on the basis of the shares entitling him/her to be registered in the Shareholder Register on 18 October 2023 at 10.00 am.A. MATTERS TO BE DEALT WITH AT THE EGM1. Opening of the EGM2. Election of the chairman and the secretary3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Authorizing the Board to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting which will convene on 23 October 2023 at 2 p.m. that it decides to authorize the Board of Directors to decide in one or more instalments on share issues and on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The maximum number of shares to be issued pursuant to the authorization shall not exceed 6 000 000 shares.The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions for issuing shares  options and other special rights entitling to shares. Share issues and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may take place in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if there is a weighty financial reason for the company to do so. The authorization applies to the transfer of both new shares and own shares held by the company.In the company's share issue  shares may be transferred either in exchange for payment or free of charge. A directed share issue may be free of charge only if there is a particularly significant financial reason for the company and it is in the interests of all its shareholders.The authorization is valid until 23 October 2027 and it revokes the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on 30 March 2023 as it enters into force. On the date of the meeting notice  the Company has a total of 14 618 847 shares  and holds no treasury shares (0.0%).7) Closing of the meetingB: INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE MEETING1. Shareholders listed in the shareholder registerThe right to attend the EGM will be on each shareholder who  on the record date of 11 October 2023 of the EGM  is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. A shareholder whose shares are subscribed to his or her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register.A shareholder registered in the Company’s Shareholder Register who wishes to attend the EGM must register to the EGM via e-mail at the following address ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by mail to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu. The registration must be received latest by 20 October 2023 at 10.00 am (EET).When registering  the name of the shareholder  social security number or company ID  the telephone number and the identity of the potential assistant should be indicated. The disclosure of the personal data of the shareholders to BBS Oyj is only used in connection with the EGM and the related necessary registration.A shareholder  his representative or agent  at the meeting venue  should be able to prove his/her identity and/or the right to represent  where appropriate.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesThe shareholders of nominee-registered shareholder are entitled to attend at EGM on the basis of the shares entitling him/her to be registered in the Shareholder Register maintained by the Euroclear Finland Oy on 11 October 2023. Participation also requires the shareholder to be temporarily entered into the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by 18 October 2023 at 10.00 am (EET) on the basis of these shares. Shares subscribed in the temporary register of nominee-registered shareholders are considered officially registered for the EGM.The owner of a nominee-registered shareholder is advised to request promptly from his/her custodian the necessary instructions for registration in the company’s temporary shareholder register on the issuance of power of attorney and registration for the EGM. The administrator of the custodian shall notify such shareholder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to attend the EGM to be included in the company’s temporary shareholder register no later than on the above-mentioned date.3. The use of agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the EGM and exercise his/her rights there through an agent. The shareholder’s agent must prove his identity and present dated power of attorney or otherwise provide in a reliable manner that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the EGM. If a shareholder participates in the EGM through multiple agents  representing the shareholder in several securities accounts  at the time of registration must be reported the shares on the basis of which each representative represents the shareholder. Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered by e-mail to ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu of 20 October 2023 at 10.00 am (EET). The registration by letter must be received before the expiry of the above-mentioned registration period.4. Other instructions and informationThe shareholder present at the Extraordinary General Meeting has the right to ask questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc has a total of 14 618 847 shares on the date of the meeting notice. Each share gives one vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.5. EGM documentsThis invitation of the meeting  which includes all the proposals on the agenda of the EGM  is available on the website of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc at www. bbs-artebone.fi. The minutes of the EGM will be available on the above-mentioned website latest by 31 October 2023.In Oulu  28 September 2023BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Pekka Jalovaara  Chairman of the Board of Directors BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plctel. +358 50 552 9275Certified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB tel. +46 70 551 67 29  info@certifiedadviser.seDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki OyKey mediawww.bbs-artebone.fiBBS in briefBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is a orthobiology company that started its operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of complex bone fractures and bone healing issues. Our goal is to provide next-generation medical products for the treatment of bone injuries in orthopedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical industry  the development and research work require perseverance and courage to innovate. We have a track record of over 20 years in this field. Our company is characterized by expertise  innovation  and dedicated employees who are passionate about their work. Our developed product  ARTEBONE®  is in the final stages of product development  and we are seeking the CE marking to enable its commercialization in the EU market. We are based in Oulu with a medical manufacturing facility in Reisjärvi  holding a manufacturing license. The company's headquarters are in Oulu  and we employ 20 people.BBS has been listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since February 2018.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fi,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Correction', 'Notice', 'Plc', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right"", 'weighty financial reason', 'significant financial reason', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'social security number', 'other special rights', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'nominee registered shareholders', 'related necessary registration', 'temporary shareholder register', 'personal data', 'temporary register', 'option rights', 'maximum number', 'telephone number', 'share issues', 'directed issue', 'potential assistant', 'BBS Oyj', 'meeting venue', 'necessary instructions', 'nominee-registered shareholder', 'correct deadline', 'record date', 'A. MATTERS', 'meeting notice', 'new shares', 'treasury shares', 'nominee-registered shares', 'Company Announcement', 'company ID', 'Monday 23 October', 'The Board', '10.00 a', '6,000,000 shares', '14,618,847 shares', '18 October', '11 October', '20 October', '28 September', 'Correction', 'release', 'full', 'EGM', 'premises', 'Kiviharjunlenkki', '90220 Oulu', 'basis', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'secretary', 'minutes', 'persons', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'issuance', 'Directors', 'instalments', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'authorization', 'terms', 'conditions', 'options', 'place', 'deviation', 'transfer', 'exchange', 'payment', 'charge', 'interests', '30 March', 'force', 'total', 'Closing', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'mail', 'following', 'address', 'name', 'identity', 'disclosure', 'connection', 'representative', 'agent', 'Participation', 'owner', 'custodian', 'power', 'attorn', '4.35', '2.00']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30743,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BBS-BIOACTIVE-BONE-SUBSTI-41648091/news/Correction-Notice-to-the-BBS-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc-s-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-44938830/,Correction: Notice to the BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc's Extraordinary General Meeting -September 28  2023 at 09:35 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  28 September 2023 at 4.35 pm Correction: Notice to the BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s Extraordinary General Meeting CORRECTION: The date for the deadline for the registration…,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc  Company Announcement  28 September 2023 at 4.35 pm (EET)Correction: Notice to the BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s Extraordinary General MeetingCORRECTION: The date for the deadline for the registration of nominee registered shareholders has been corrected. The correct deadline is 18 October 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EET). The corrected release is available below in full.**************The shareholders of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc are invited to the company’s Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM)  which is held at the company’s premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu  on Monday 23October 2023 starting at 2.00 pm (EET). The right to attend will be on each shareholder who  on the record date of 11 October 2023  is registered in the company’s shareholder register. The shareholders of nominee-registered shareholder are entitled to attend on the basis of the shares entitling him/her to be registered in the Shareholder Register on 18 October 2023 at 10.00 am.A. MATTERS TO BE DEALT WITH AT THE EGM1. Opening of the EGM2. Election of the chairman and the secretary3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Authorizing the Board to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting which will convene on 23 October 2023 at 2 p.m. that it decides to authorize the Board of Directors to decide in one or more instalments on share issues and on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The maximum number of shares to be issued pursuant to the authorization shall not exceed 6 000 000 shares.The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions for issuing shares  options and other special rights entitling to shares. Share issues and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may take place in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if there is a weighty financial reason for the company to do so. The authorization applies to the transfer of both new shares and own shares held by the company.In the company's share issue  shares may be transferred either in exchange for payment or free of charge. A directed share issue may be free of charge only if there is a particularly significant financial reason for the company and it is in the interests of all its shareholders.The authorization is valid until 23 October 2027 and it revokes the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on 30 March 2023 as it enters into force. On the date of the meeting notice  the Company has a total of 14 618 847 shares  and holds no treasury shares (0.0%).7) Closing of the meetingB: INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE MEETING1. Shareholders listed in the shareholder registerThe right to attend the EGM will be on each shareholder who  on the record date of 11 October 2023 of the EGM  is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. A shareholder whose shares are subscribed to his or her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register.A shareholder registered in the Company’s Shareholder Register who wishes to attend the EGM must register to the EGM via e-mail at the following address ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by mail to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu. The registration must be received latest by 20 October 2023 at 10.00 am (EET).When registering  the name of the shareholder  social security number or company ID  the telephone number and the identity of the potential assistant should be indicated. The disclosure of the personal data of the shareholders to BBS Oyj is only used in connection with the EGM and the related necessary registration.A shareholder  his representative or agent  at the meeting venue  should be able to prove his/her identity and/or the right to represent  where appropriate.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesThe shareholders of nominee-registered shareholder are entitled to attend at EGM on the basis of the shares entitling him/her to be registered in the Shareholder Register maintained by the Euroclear Finland Oy on 11 October 2023. Participation also requires the shareholder to be temporarily entered into the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by 18 October 2023 at 10.00 am (EET) on the basis of these shares. Shares subscribed in the temporary register of nominee-registered shareholders are considered officially registered for the EGM.The owner of a nominee-registered shareholder is advised to request promptly from his/her custodian the necessary instructions for registration in the company’s temporary shareholder register on the issuance of power of attorney and registration for the EGM. The administrator of the custodian shall notify such shareholder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to attend the EGM to be included in the company’s temporary shareholder register no later than on the above-mentioned date.3. The use of agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the EGM and exercise his/her rights there through an agent. The shareholder’s agent must prove his identity and present dated power of attorney or otherwise provide in a reliable manner that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the EGM. If a shareholder participates in the EGM through multiple agents  representing the shareholder in several securities accounts  at the time of registration must be reported the shares on the basis of which each representative represents the shareholder. Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered by e-mail to ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu of 20 October 2023 at 10.00 am (EET). The registration by letter must be received before the expiry of the above-mentioned registration period.4. Other instructions and informationThe shareholder present at the Extraordinary General Meeting has the right to ask questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc has a total of 14 618 847 shares on the date of the meeting notice. Each share gives one vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.5. EGM documentsThis invitation of the meeting  which includes all the proposals on the agenda of the EGM  is available on the website of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc at www. bbs-artebone.fi. The minutes of the EGM will be available on the above-mentioned website latest by 31 October 2023.In Oulu  28 September 2023BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Pekka Jalovaara  Chairman of the Board of Directors BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plctel. +358 50 552 9275Certified Advisor:Nordic Certified Adviser AB tel. +46 70 551 67 29  info@certifiedadviser.seDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki OyKey mediawww.bbs-artebone.fiBBS in briefBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is a orthobiology company that started its operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of complex bone fractures and bone healing issues. Our goal is to provide next-generation medical products for the treatment of bone injuries in orthopedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical industry  the development and research work require perseverance and courage to innovate. We have a track record of over 20 years in this field. Our company is characterized by expertise  innovation  and dedicated employees who are passionate about their work. Our developed product  ARTEBONE®  is in the final stages of product development  and we are seeking the CE marking to enable its commercialization in the EU market. We are based in Oulu with a medical manufacturing facility in Reisjärvi  holding a manufacturing license. The company's headquarters are in Oulu  and we employ 20 people.BBS has been listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since February 2018.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fi,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Correction', 'Notice', 'Plc', 'September', '09:35', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right"", 'weighty financial reason', 'significant financial reason', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'social security number', 'other special rights', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'nominee registered shareholders', 'related necessary registration', 'temporary shareholder register', 'personal data', 'temporary register', 'option rights', 'maximum number', 'telephone number', 'share issues', 'directed issue', 'potential assistant', 'BBS Oyj', 'meeting venue', 'necessary instructions', 'nominee-registered shareholder', 'correct deadline', 'record date', 'A. MATTERS', 'meeting notice', 'new shares', 'treasury shares', 'nominee-registered shares', 'Company Announcement', 'company ID', 'The Board', '10.00 a', '6,000,000 shares', '14,618,847 shares', '28 September', 'Correction', '18 October', 'release', 'full', 'EGM', 'premises', 'Kiviharjunlenkki', '90220 Oulu', 'Monday', '11 October', 'basis', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'secretary', 'minutes', 'persons', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'issuance', 'Directors', '23 October', 'instalments', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'authorization', 'terms', 'conditions', 'options', 'place', 'deviation', 'transfer', 'exchange', 'payment', 'charge', 'interests', '30 March', 'force', 'total', 'Closing', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'mail', 'following', 'address', '20 October', 'name', 'identity', 'disclosure', 'connection', 'representative', 'agent', 'Participation', 'owner', 'custodian', 'power', 'attorne', '4.35', '2.00']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30744,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/record-and-payment-dates-for-valmets-second-dividend-instalment-for-year-2022-301941448.html,Record and payment dates for Valmet's second dividend instalment for year 2022,Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on September 28  2023 at 11:00 a.m. EEST ESPOO  Finland  Sept. 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Valmet Oyj has in its meeting on September 28  2023 decided  on the basis of the authorization by the Annual …,Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on September 28  2023 at 11:00 a.m. EESTESPOO  Finland  Sept. 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Valmet Oyj has in its meeting on September 28  2023 decided  on the basis of the authorization by the Annual General Meeting 2023  on the record date and the payment date for the second instalment of the dividend for the financial year 2022.The second instalment of the dividend  EUR 0.65 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date October 2  2023. The dividend will be paid on October 12  2023.The Annual General Meeting 2023 held on March 22  2023  decided to pay dividends of EUR 1.30 per share for the financial year 2022 in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.65 per share was paid on April 5  2023.Further information  please contact:Pekka Rouhiainen  VP  Investor Relations  Valmet  tel. +358 10 672 0020VALMETKatri HokkanenCFOPekka RouhiainenVP  Investor RelationsDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.valmet.comValmet is a leading global developer and supplier of process technologies  automation and services for the pulp  paper and energy industries. With our automation systems and flow control solutions  we serve an even wider base of process industries. Our 17 500 professionals around the world work close to our customers and are committed to moving our customers' performance forward – every day.The company has over 220 years of industrial history and a strong track record in continuous improvement and renewal. In 2022  a major milestone was achieved when the flow control company Neles was merged into Valmet. Valmet's net sales in 2022 were approximately EUR 5.1 billionValmet's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki  and the head office is in Espoo  Finland.Follow us on valmet.com | Twitter | Twitter (IR) | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram |Processing of personal dataSOURCE Valmet Oyj,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['second dividend instalment', 'payment dates', 'Record', 'Valmet', 'year', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'stock exchange release', 'leading global developer', 'flow control solutions', 'strong track record', 'Investor Relations DISTRIBUTION', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'flow control company', 'SOURCE Valmet Oyj', 'record date', 'payment date', 'second instalment', 'financial year', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'Further information', 'Pekka Rouhiainen', 'Katri Hokkanen', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Major media', 'process technologies', 'energy industries', 'wider base', 'process industries', 'industrial history', 'continuous improvement', 'major milestone', 'net sales', 'head office', 'personal data', ""shareholders' register"", 'automation systems', ""customers' performance"", 'September', '11:00 a', 'EEST', 'ESPOO', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'basis', 'authorization', 'October', 'March', 'dividends', 'April', 'VP', 'tel', 'CFO', 'supplier', 'services', 'pulp', 'paper', '17,500 professionals', 'world', '220 years', 'renewal', 'Neles', 'shares', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Processing']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,prnewswire.com
30745,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/exclusive-deutsche-boerse-started-ceo-084012148.html,Exclusive-Deutsche Boerse has started CEO search  chairman says,FRANKFURT (Reuters) -German stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse has begun the search for a new chief executive that includes both external as well as internal candidates  the company's chairman told Reuters on Friday.,"Porsche in the Deutsche Boerse's DAX index in FrankfurtExclusive-Deutsche Boerse has started CEO search  chairman says Porsche in the Deutsche Boerse's DAX index in FrankfurtBy Tom SimsFRANKFURT (Reuters) -German stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse has begun the search for a new chief executive that includes both external as well as internal candidates  the company's chairman told Reuters on Friday.Deutsche Boerse CEO Theodor Weimer said in June that he would not pursue another term when his contract runs out next year at the helm of one of Germany's most valuable companies  saying ""fresh blood"" was needed.""We have set up a process that follows the principles of good governance. This process is proceeding in an orderly manner and as planned "" Chairman Martin Jetter said in response to a question about the status of the search.Weimer joined the German exchange operator in 2018  becoming one of the country's highest-paid corporate chiefs and ushering in a period of relative calm after turbulent years.Jetter said the search process ""includes talks with internal and external candidates  who must possess all the necessary qualifications and experience for this challenging position"".Deutsche Boerse has mandated the headhunter Heads! International to help conduct the search  a person with knowledge of the matter said.Heads! didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.Weimer's contract runs until the end of 2024.Before he joined Deutsche Boerse  the company had for years tried and failed to merge with the London Stock Exchange to create a global titan in the industry.Weimer  a former Goldman Sachs partner  also sought deals during his tenure.Deutsche Boerse is completing a 3.9-billion euro ($4.13 billion) takeover of Danish investment management software company SimCorp. It also bought Institutional Shareholder Services.Some deals didn't pan out  though  like an approach for Borsa Italiana.Deutsche Boerse saw profit rise 24% last year as volatility in financial markets lifted trading volumes and revenues.Asked in June about his future  Weimer said he had no plans but would be drawn to technology  something ""a bit more international"" and that didn't necessarily have to involve supervisory boards.($1 = 0.9432 euros)(Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Elisa Martinuzzi and Mark Potter)",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.3,0.37,True,English,"['Exclusive-Deutsche Boerse', 'CEO search', 'chairman', 'Danish investment management software company', 'former Goldman Sachs partner', 'Deutsche Boerse CEO Theodor Weimer', 'German stock exchange operator', 'German exchange operator', 'London Stock Exchange', 'new chief executive', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'Chairman Martin Jetter', 'CEO search', 'Exclusive-Deutsche Boerse', 'DAX index', 'Tom Sims', 'valuable companies', 'fresh blood', 'good governance', 'orderly manner', 'corporate chiefs', 'relative calm', 'necessary qualifications', 'challenging position', 'global titan', '3.9-billion euro', 'Borsa Italiana', 'financial markets', 'trading volumes', 'supervisory boards', 'Elisa Martinuzzi', 'Mark Potter', 'internal candidates', 'turbulent years', 'external candidates', 'headhunter Heads', 'search process', 'Porsche', 'Frankfurt', 'Reuters', 'Friday', 'June', 'term', 'contract', 'Germany', 'principles', 'response', 'question', 'status', 'country', 'period', 'talks', 'experience', 'International', 'person', 'knowledge', 'matter', 'request', 'comment', 'end', 'industry', 'deals', 'tenure', 'takeover', 'SimCorp', 'approach', 'profit', 'volatility', 'revenues', 'future', 'plans', 'technology', 'something', '0.9432 euros', 'Editing', '2024']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,uk.news.yahoo.com
30746,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AQUILA-HOLDINGS-ASA-61175209/news/Aquila-European-Renewables-set-for-Euronext-Dublin-listing-44937843/,Aquila European Renewables set for Euronext Dublin listing,(marketscreener.com) Aquila European Renewables PLC - London-based closed-ended investment company focused on energy efficiency projects - Intends to seek listing on Euronext Dublin market. News follows announcement in May of its intention to explore seconda…,"Aquila European Renewables PLC - London-based closed-ended investment company focused on energy efficiency projects - Intends to seek listing on Euronext Dublin market. News follows announcement in May of its intention to explore secondary listing. Aquila European Renewables is not raising any new funds and will not place or issue any new shares in connection with the proposed admission  expected on Monday next week. Company will continue trading as well in premium segment of the London Main Market.Chair Ian Nolan says the move will ""help secure recognition in the share price of the [portfolio's] real underlying value...Given the diverse European focus of the company's strategy and its euro denomination  we believe a European listing will further enhance the company's marketability and appeal in Europe thereby also potentially enhancing liquidity of the underlying shares and providing opportunities for further growth.""Current stock price: 72.72 pence  up 0.3% in London on Thursday12-month change: down 18%By Emma Curzon  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to newsroom@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News Ltd. All Rights Reserved.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.4,0.57,True,English,"['Aquila European Renewables', 'Euronext Dublin listing', 'Aquila European Renewables PLC', 'London-based closed-ended investment company', 'energy efficiency projects', 'Euronext Dublin market', 'Monday next week', 'Chair Ian Nolan', 'diverse European focus', 'real underlying value', 'Current stock price', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Alliance News Ltd.', 'London Main Market', 'European listing', 'share price', 'underlying shares', 'new funds', 'new shares', 'premium segment', 'euro denomination', '12-month change', 'Emma Curzon', 'All Rights', 'secondary listing', 'announcement', 'May', 'intention', 'connection', 'trading', 'move', 'recognition', 'portfolio', 'strategy', 'marketability', 'appeal', 'liquidity', 'opportunities', 'growth', '72.72 pence', 'Thursday', 'Comments', 'questions', 'newsroom', 'alliancenews', 'Copyright']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30747,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2750978/0/en/Sylvain-Le-Borgne-is-appointed-Chief-Data-Officer-at-JCDecaux.html,Sylvain Le Borgne is appointed Chief Data Officer at JCDecaux,Sylvain Le Borgne is appointed Chief Data Officer at JCDecaux  Paris  September 28th  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor......,"Sylvain Le Borgne is appointed Chief Data Officer at JCDecauxParis  September 28th  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has announced the appointment of Sylvain Le Borgne at JCDecaux as Group Chief Data Officer  effective on October 13th. He takes over from François-Xavier Pierrel who has decided to embark on a new professional adventure.Sylvain Le Borgne began his career at Adream and Actustar.com  companies he co-founded in 1998 where he acted as Chief Executive Officer until 2007. In 2008  he co-founded Adledge  a company specialised in the development of tools and Ad Verification algorithms and digital advertising visibility measurement  where he was Chief Executive Officer until 2011. He then joined Havas Group  where he held various management functions  first within Havas Digital and then at Havas Media  as EVP  Head of Technology and Data Operations. There  he developed a Data and Media consulting and services offering that has become the reference. From 2019 to 2022  Sylvain was Head of Expertise & Innovation at fifty-five. Since 2022  Sylvain was Chief Partnership & Product Officer and Head of Data & Analytics at MediaMath  overseeing also the European Business.Sylvain will leverage his entrepreneurial spirit  his deep knowledge of the media sector and his data expertise  both in France and internationally  in the service of JCDecaux and its different businesses. His ability to steer transformation and innovation projects will be a valuable strength to pursue the development of the DataCorp Department  created in 2018 and which has contributed to the digital transformation of JCDecaux.Sylvain will be responsible for strategy  governance and data operations within JCDecaux. He will guarantee the audience measurement strategy to serve the different JCDecaux sales channels and will strive to provide ever-more valuable and efficient solutions to support brands in their communication strategies  for the benefit of OOH and DOOH. He will also be in charge of accelerating data usage within the other company functions by developing tools with business lines to ensure greater operating efficiency  notably for Departments in relationships with cities and partners  Operations  R&D  Sustainable Development and Quality as well as Finance. He will also lead the development of a Data Management Platform (DMP) in collaboration with Displayce  the Demand-Side Platform with which JCDecaux formed a strategic alliance in July 2022  to centralise and efficiently manage and operate audience data internationally.Sylvain Le Borgne is a graduate of Audencia and has an MBA from the Bowling Green State University in Ohio  USA.Based in Neuilly  Sylvain Le Borgne will report to the Executive Board and to his co-Chief Executive Officer.Jean-François Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: ""We are delighted to announce the appointment of Sylvain Le Borgne as Group Chief Data Officer at JCDecaux. His entrepreneurial spirit  his expertise in media and data  as well as his leadership will be key in pursuing the development of the DataCorp Department and accelerating the digital transformation of our media. We count on Sylvain and his teams to continue to leverage the considerable potential offered by collecting  analysing and modelling aggregated  anonymised and GDPR compliant data  to meet the new needs of our customers  brands and agencies  and to offer them ever-more efficient targeted solutions.""Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a) – H1 2023 revenue: €1 585m (a)– H1 2023 revenue: €1 585m N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.4/5)  CDP (A-)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.51,0.46,0.02,True,English,"['Sylvain Le Borgne', 'Chief Data Officer', 'JCDecaux', 'Bowling Green State University', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'different JCDecaux sales channels', 'digital advertising visibility measurement', 'Group Chief Data Officer', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'François-Xavier Pierrel', 'Ad Verification algorithms', 'various management functions', 'greater operating efficiency', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'Platinum Medal status', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'other company functions', 'new professional adventure', 'audience measurement strategy', 'Data Management Platform', 'GDPR compliant data', 'Sylvain Le Borgne', 'efficient targeted solutions', 'Home Media company', 'Havas Group', 'Chief Partnership', 'Product Officer', 'different businesses', 'efficient solutions', 'European Business', 'business lines', 'audience data', 'Executive Board', 'Havas Digital', 'strategy, governance', 'new needs', 'daily audience', 'data usage', '1,040,132 advertising panels', '604,536 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '101,976 advertising panels', '654,957 advertising panels', '70,973 advertising panels', '371 advertising panels', 'Euronext Paris', 'digital transformation', 'Actustar.com', 'Havas Media', 'Media consulting', 'services offering', 'deep knowledge', 'media sector', 'DataCorp Department', 'communication strategies', 'R&D', 'strategic alliance', 'considerable potential', 'aggregated, anonymised', 'Key Figures', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Albert As', 'Data Operations', 'data expertise', 'innovation projects', 'valuable strength', 'H1 2023 revenue', 'JCDecaux Paris', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Sustainable Development', 'Euronext 100', '2022 revenue', 'September', 'number', 'appointment', 'October', 'career', 'Adream', 'companies', 'Adledge', 'tools', 'EVP', 'Head', 'Technology', 'reference', 'Analytics', 'MediaMath', 'spirit', 'France', 'ability', 'brands', 'benefit', 'OOH', 'charge', 'Departments', 'relationships', 'cities', 'Quality', 'Finance', 'DMP', 'collaboration', 'Displayce', 'July', 'graduate', 'Audencia', 'MBA', 'Ohio', 'Neuilly', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'leadership', 'teams', 'customers', 'agencies', '80 countries', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,200 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '153 airports', '205 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30748,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2750928/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-September-21-September-27-2023.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details September 21 – September 27  2023,Share Buyback Transaction Details September 21 – September 27  2023  September 28  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of......,Share Buyback Transaction Details September 21 – September 27  2023September 28  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 215 701 of its own ordinary shares in the period from September 21  2023  up to and including September 27  2023  for €24.6 million and at an average share price of €114.09.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 22  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this year’s buyback program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 6 246 207 692.8 110.92For the period starting August 3  2023  up to and including October 30  2023  we have mandated third parties to execute €300 million in share buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of AssociationRepurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'September', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'share buyback program', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share buybacks', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'ADR) program', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third parties', 'relevant laws', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'September', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'year', 'August', 'October', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '31']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30749,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONTEX-GROUP-NV-16751532/news/Ontex-announces-sale-of-Pakistan-activities-44944914/,Ontex announces sale of Pakistan activities,(marketscreener.com) Aalst  Belgium  September 28  2023 – Ontex Group NV   a leading developer and manufacturer of hygiene products and solutions for retailers and healthcare  announces that it has entered into a binding agreement to sell its business in Paki…,Aalst  Belgium  September 28  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext Brussels: ONTEX) (“Ontex”)  a leading developer and manufacturer of hygiene products and solutions for retailers and healthcare  announces that it has entered into a binding agreement to sell its business in Pakistan to ASAIA Holding FZ. The transaction includes Ontex’s plant and business in Pakistan.Ontex’s business in Pakistan is part of Ontex’s emerging markets activities  which have been classified as discontinued operations following the strategic decision in 2021 to divest these. Ontex aims to close the transaction  which is subject to customary conditions  by the end of 2023.***Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 53 33 36 20 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of hygienic products and solutions for retailers and healthcare  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 20 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .ONTEX GROUP NV Korte Keppestraat 21 9320 Erembodegem (Aalst) 0550.880.915 RPR Ghent – Division DendermondeAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Pakistan activities', 'Ontex', 'sale', 'ASAIA Holding FZ.', 'emerging markets activities', 'Division Dendermonde Attachment', 'leading international developer', 'leading retailer brands', 'Ontex Group NV', 'leading developer', 'lifestyle brands', 'Euronext Brussels', 'binding agreement', 'strategic decision', 'customary conditions', 'Contact information', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Maarten Verbanck', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'Korte Keppestraat', 'RPR Ghent', 'Ontex brands', 'hygienic products', 'innovative products', 'ontex.com', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'manufacturer', 'solutions', 'retailers', 'healthcare', 'business', 'Pakistan', 'transaction', 'plant', 'part', 'operations', 'Investors', 'Media', 'ontexglobal', 'producer', 'expertise', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'world', 'presence', '20 countries', 'headquarters', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Erembodegem']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30750,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COTY-INC-13396702/news/Coty-Inc-Announces-Pricing-of-Global-Offering-and-Admission-to-Listing-and-Trading-of-Class-A-Commo-44938738/,Coty Inc. Announces Pricing of Global Offering and Admission to Listing and Trading of Class A Common Stock on the Professional Segment of Euronext Paris,(marketscreener.com) Coty Inc.   one of the world’s largest beauty companies with a portfolio of iconic brands across fragrance  color cosmetics  and skin and body care  today announced the pricing of its previously-announced global offering of 33 million sh…,Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY) (“Coty” or the “Company”)  one of the world’s largest beauty companies with a portfolio of iconic brands across fragrance  color cosmetics  and skin and body care  today announced the pricing of its previously-announced global offering of 33 million shares (the “Offering”) of Coty’s outstanding Class A common stock (the “Class A Common Stock”)  at a price of $10.80  or €10.28 (based on a spot EUR-USD FX of 1.0509). The Offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement  which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).The Offering is being made to the public in the United States and on a private placement basis outside of the United States  including in the European Economic Area to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) N° 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).Coty also announces the admission to listing and trading of its Class A Common Stock (including the shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Offering) (the “Paris Listing”) on the professional segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (“Euronext Paris”) following approval by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) of the prospectus prepared in connection with such listing (the “French Listing Prospectus”). Shares on Euronext Paris are expected to start trading today at 9:30am ET / 3:30pm CET.The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering primarily to retire principal amount of outstanding debt. Other uses include general corporate purposes  such as strategic investments in its business  working capital and capital expenditures.Coty currently intends to manage its outstanding share count through discretionary settlement of one or more of its outstanding total return swaps. Coty expects any such settlement to occur over the next 6 months and in an amount not to exceed 27 million shares  although there is no definitive transaction to announce at this time.BNP Paribas  Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  Citigroup and Santander are acting as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Book Running Managers for the Offering and as Listing Agents in connection with the Paris Listing.The Offering is being made only by means of an effective registration statement and a prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained from: Citigroup Global Markets Inc. c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions  1155 Long Island Avenue  Edgewood  NY 11717  by telephone at (800) 831-9146. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus may also be obtained free of charge from the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.Coty has previously filed with the SEC a registration statement (including a prospectus) on Form S-3  dated September 25  2023  as well as a preliminary and final prospectus supplement for the Offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest  you should read the prospectus in that registration statement  the prospectus supplement and other documents Coty has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Coty and the Offering. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.The French Listing Prospectus may be consulted on the websites of the AMF at http://www.amf-france.org and of Coty at https://www.coty.com/.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.With respect to the member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant member State. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation.This document is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market. Manufacturer target market (MiFID II product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels).About Coty Inc.Founded in Paris in 1904  Coty is one of the world’s largest beauty companies with a portfolio of iconic brands across fragrance  color cosmetics  and skin and body care. Coty serves consumers around the world  selling prestige and mass market products in more than 125 countries and territories. Coty and our brands empower people to express themselves freely  creating their own visions of beauty; and we are committed to protecting the planet.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThe statements contained in this press release include certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements reflect Coty’s current views with respect to  among other things  the Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by words or phrases  such as “anticipate ” “are going to ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “expect ” “believe ” “intend ” “foresee ” “forecast ” “will ” “may ” “should ” “outlook ” “continue ” “temporary ” “target ” “aim ” “potential ” “goal” and similar words or phrases. These statements are based on certain assumptions and estimates that Coty considers reasonable and are not guarantees of Coty’s future performance  but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond Coty’s control  which could cause actual events or results to differ materially from such statements  including the factors identified in “Risk Factors” included in Coty’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30  2023. All forward-looking statements made in this press release are qualified by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release  and Coty does not undertake any obligation  other than as may be required by law  to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions  the occurrence of events  unanticipated or otherwise  or changes in future operating results over time or otherwise.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230928605823/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Class A Common Stock', 'Coty Inc.', 'Global Offering', 'Professional Segment', 'Euronext Paris', 'Pricing', 'Admission', 'Listing', 'Trading', 'outstanding Class A common stock', 'outstanding total return swaps', 'Crédit Agricole Corporate', 'Joint Book Running Managers', 'des marchés financiers', 'high net worth companies', 'effective shelf registration statement', 'Citigroup Global Markets Inc', 'The French Listing Prospectus', 'largest beauty companies', 'general corporate purposes', 'outstanding share count', 'Joint Global Coordinators', 'private placement basis', 'European Economic Area', '1155 Long Island Avenue', 'relevant member State', 'potential local restrictions', 'effective registration statement', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions', 'final prospectus supplement', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'outstanding debt', 'net proceeds', 'Form S', 'Markets Act', 'member States', 'The Company', 'local legislations', 'Financial Services', 'Financial Promotion', 'Paris Listing', 'Listing Agents', 'Coty Inc.', 'global offering', 'iconic brands', 'color cosmetics', 'body care', 'USD FX', 'Exchange Commission', 'United States', 'qualified investors', 'professional segment', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Other uses', 'strategic investments', 'working capital', 'capital expenditures', 'next 6 months', 'definitive transaction', 'BNP Paribas', 'Investment Bank', 'accompanying prospectus', 'related prospectus', 'other documents', 'complete information', 'press release', 'United Kingdom', 'investment professionals', 'unincorporated associations', 'investment activity', 'Prospectus Regulation', '33 million shares', 'principal amount', 'discretionary settlement', '27 million shares', 'sec.gov', 'securities laws', 'world', 'portfolio', 'fragrance', 'skin', 'pricing', 'price', 'spot', 'Article', '14 June', 'trading', 'approval', 'AMF', 'connection', '9:30am', '3:30pm', 'business', 'time', 'Santander', 'means', 'Copies', 'Edgewood', 'telephone', 'charge', 'website', 'communication', 'france', 'org', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'qualification', 'distribution', 'Persons', 'possession', 'announcement', 'meaning', 'respect', 'public', 'result', 'accordance', 'exemptions', 'Order', 'invitation', 'inducement']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30751,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751617/0/en/Inventiva-reports-its-2023-first-half-financial-results-and-provides-a-corporate-update.html,Inventiva reports its 2023 first-half financial results and provides a corporate update,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  September 28  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatmen…,"Cash and cash equivalents at €31.2 million  short-term deposits at €0.05 million 1   and long-term deposit at €9.3 million 2   as of June 30  2023  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectivel  and long-term deposit at €9.3 million   as of June 30  2023  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectivel Revenues amounted to €1.9 million for the first half of 2023In August 2023  Inventiva received a financing of approximately €35.7 million from new and existing investors consisting of €30.6 million from a capital increase and €5.1 million issuance of royalty certificatesIn September 2023  Inventiva announced an exclusive licensing agreement with Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  to develop and commercialize lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH and potentially other metabolic diseases in Japan and South Korea. Under this agreement  Inventiva will receive a $10 million upfront payment and is eligible to receive up to $231 million in milestone paymentsWith the financial raise of €35.7 million  the expected upfront payment of $10 million from Hepalys Pharma  Inc. and milestone payment from CTTQ  Inventiva will meet the financial condition for the disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million of the European Investment Bank (“EIB”) 3   which is expected to extend Inventiva’s estimated cash runway until the beginning of the third quarter of 2024  which is expected to extend Inventiva’s estimated cash runway until the beginning of the third quarter of 2024 Implementation of a new ATM program replacing the existing programIn July 2023  Inventiva announced positive topline results of the Phase II clinical trial conducted by Dr. Kenneth Cusi  evaluating lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D  and confirming its favorable safety and tolerability profileFirst visit of the last patient for NATiV3 is targeted by the end of the second half of 2023Topline results of the LEGEND study with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D expected for the end of the first quarter of 2024Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  September 28  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today reported its financial results for the six months ended June 30  2023  and provided a corporate update.Frédéric Cren  Chairman  Chief Executive Officer and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “The first half of the year has been rich in progress for Inventiva. One of the major milestones achieved in recent months has been the positive topline results of the Phase II clinical trial initiated by Prof. Kenneth Cusi  evaluating lanifibranor in patients with T2D and NAFLD. These results further confirm the robustness of lanifibranor’s mechanism of action. On the clinical front  we have received confirmation from our partner Sino Biopharm  that it is eligible to start clinical development of lanifibranor in China  the second largest country in the world in terms of NASH population. Finally  we have made advancements in our pivotal Phase III clinical trial following the implementation of the new study design announced this past January. We are continuing to recruit patients in this trial and look forward to the months ahead  with the first visit of the last patient targeted for the end of the year. We have started the second half of this year with two major financial milestones as we have obtained a financing of approximately 36 million euros from new and existing investors and recently entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  to develop and commercialize lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH in Japan and South Korea. We are delighted with this partnership  which enables us to extend our international footprint to two countries where the prevalence of NASH is high and enables us to receive in addition to the 10 million dollars upfront  up to approximately 231 million dollars in milestone payments  subject to achievement of specified milestones. We are looking to the months ahead with great optimism.”Key financial results for the first half of 2023(in thousands of euros  except share and per share amounts) Six months ended June 30 2023 June 30 2022 Revenues 1 901 67 Other income 4 721 3 325 Research and development expenses (54 062) (29 866) Marketing – business development expenses (705) (278) General and administrative expenses (6 812) (6 847) Other operating income (expenses) (44) 131 Net operating loss (55 003) (33 468) Net financial income (273) 3 983 Income tax 7 19 Net loss for the period (55 269) (29 466) Basic/diluted loss per share (euros/share) (1 31) (0 72) Weighted average number of outstanding shares used for computing basic/diluted loss per share 42 044 796 40 864 457The Company’s revenues for the first half of 2023 amounted to €1.9 million  as compared to €0.1 million for the same period in 2022. The increase is mainly due to the receipt of the first regulatory milestone payment from CTTQ  Sino Biopharm’s subsidiary  which was received in July 2023. The milestone payment was triggered in May 2023 after CTTQ received the Investigational New Drug (“IND”) approval from the Chinese National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) to initiate the clinical development in mainland China of lanifibranor in NASH.Other income amounted to €4.7 million for the first half of 2023  as compared to €3.3 million for the first half of 2022  increased 42% mainly driven by the French R&D tax credit based on the increasing eligible expenses  by the U.S. R&D tax credit and to a lesser extent by the commencement of invoicing CTTQ  Sino Biopharm’s subsidiary for their clinical development expenses in Great China incurred by Inventiva.R&D expenses for the first half of 2023 amounted to €54.1 million  mainly driven by the development of lanifibranor in NASH  and were up 81% compared to the €29.9 million for the first half of 2022. This increase reflects the 2023 planned acceleration of the clinical development activities mostly driven by costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes (“T2D”).Marketing and business development expenses stood at (€0.7) million for the first half of 2023 compared to (€0.3) million for the same period in 2022 mainly related to the increasing market access activities to prepare for the potential commercial development of lanifibranor.General and administrative expenses (G&A) amounted to €6.8 million in the first half of 2023  stable compared to the first half of 2022.Net financial income (loss) amounted to (€0.3) million in the first half of 2023  compared to €4.0 million mainly related to less favourable foreign exchange rates in 2023 due to the depreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro during the period  and the full effect of the interest expenses related to the EIB and state loans contracted in 2022.The Company’s net loss stood at (€55.3) million as of June 30  2023 compared to (€29.5) million as of June 30  2022.As of June 30  2023  the Company’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to €31.2 million  short-term deposits amounted to 0.05 million2  and long-term deposit amounted to €9.3 million3  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectively.The €48.0 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents between June 30  2023 and December 31  2022 is mainly due to increased cash used in operating activities and reflects the 2023 planned acceleration of the clinical development activities mostly driven by costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH T2D.Net cash used in operating activities amounted to (€45.2) million in the first half of 2023  compared to (€26.2) million for the same period in 2022. R&D expenses for the first half of 2023 were up 81% compared to the first half of 2022. This increase related to clinical development activities planned in 2023.Net cash used in investing activities for the first half of 2023 amounted to (€7.7) million  compared to (€0.3) million in the first half of 2022. The change is mostly due to the change in deposits between both periods.Net cash used in financing activities for the first half of 2023 amounted to (€2.2) million  compared to net cash generated by financing activities of €14 million in the first half of 2022. The net cash generated in financing activities in 2022 was mainly driven by the equity raised through the Company’s At-The-Market Program for approximately €9.4 million (gross proceeds) in June 2022  and three loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million entered into in the first half of 2022. In the first half of 2023  the net cash used in financing activities was mainly due to loan reimbursement and medical imaging equipment debt rents.Over the first half of 2023  the Company recorded a negative exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents of (€0.4) million  compared to a positive effect of €2.4 million for the first half of 2022  due to the evolution of EUR/USD exchange rate.Following the August 2023 financing of €35.7 million in gross proceeds and the receipt of the CTTQ milestone net payment of €1.7 million received in July 2023  the Company believes  taking into account its current cost structure and forecast expenditure commitments  that its cash  cash equivalents and deposits should be sufficient to fund its operations until the beginning of the second quarter of 2024.Considering its current cost structure and forecast expenditure commitments  following the August 31  2023 financing of €35.7 million in gross proceeds and including the expected upfront payment from Hepalys Pharma of $10 million  and short term milestone from CTTQ that would be triggered by the 1st patient enrolled in Great China  and the expected satisfaction of the conditions for disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million of the EIB facility expected by the end of 2023  the Company estimates that including all of the foregoing  the Company’s cash  cash equivalents and deposits would allow the Company to fund its operations until the beginning of the third quarter of 2024.4Financial information after closing the accountsOn August 31  2023  the Company announced a financing of approximately €35.7 million in aggregate gross proceeds consisting of two transactions: (i) the issuance of 9 618 638 newly issued ordinary shares with a nominal value of €0.01 per share at a subscription price of €3.18 per share and aggregate gross proceeds of €30.6 million (the “Capital Increase”) and (ii) the issuance of royalty certificates for an amount of €5.1 million (the “Royalty Certificates”).On September 20  2023  the Company announced that Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  a Catalys Pacific company  and Inventiva have entered into an exclusive licensing agreement to develop and commercialize Inventiva’s proprietary drug candidate lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH and potentially other metabolic diseases in Japan and South Korea. Inventiva has exercised the option to acquire 30% of the shares Hepalys Pharma. Under the terms of this licensing agreement  Inventiva is entitled to receive a $10 million upfront payment from Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  and will be eligible to receive up to $ 231 million in milestone payments if certain clinical  regulatory and commercial conditions are met. Subject to regulatory approval  Inventiva will additionally have the right to receive tiered royalties from mid double digits to low twenties based on net sales of lanifibranor in Japan and Korea.Implementation of a new ATM program following the conclusion of a sales agreement with TD Cowen and replacing the existing ATM program dated August 2  2021Inventiva has filed today a prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding the implementation of a new At-The-Market (“ATM”) program  which replaces the existing ATM program implemented on August 2  20215 and allows the Company to issue and sell ""at-the-market""  including with unsolicited investors who have expressed an interest  ordinary shares in the form of American Depositary Shares (“ADS”)  each ADS representing one ordinary share of Inventiva  up to a maximum amount of USD 58 million (subject to a regulatory limit of 20% dilution and within the limits of the investors' requests expressed in the context of the program)  from time to time  pursuant to the terms of a new sale agreement entered into with TD Cowen  acting as sales agent. In connection with the establishment the new ATM program  Inventiva terminated the sales agreement concluded with Jefferies on August 2  2021  relating to its previous program  effective as of today. The maximum of USD 58 million under the new ATM program corresponds to the maximum amount of ADS available to be sold under the previous ATM program of USD 100 million  less sales of USD 42 million under the previous program performed since August 2  2021. Since June 2022  the Company has not made any new issue under the existing ATM Program6 .The terms and conditions of the new ATM program are similar to the previous one and will remain effective until August 2  2024  unless terminated prior to such date in accordance with the sale agreement or the maximum number of ADSs to be sold thereunder has been reached.The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds  if any  of sales of ADSs issued under the program to fund the research and development of its product candidates  and for working capital and general corporate purposes. ADSs offered in the ATM and the underlying ordinary shares would be issued through a capital increase without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights and reserved to the categories of investors defined in the 6th resolution adopted by the annual general meeting of shareholders held on January 25  2023 (or any similar resolutions that may be substituted to them in the future)  comprising Under the authority granted by our shareholders  the ADSs may only be purchased initially by (i) persons  legal entities (including companies)  trusts or investment funds  or other investment vehicles  regardless of their form  under French or foreign law  investing on a regular basis in the pharmaceutical  biotechnology or medical technology sectors; and/or (ii) French or foreign companies  institutions or entities  regardless of their form  carrying out a significant part of their activities in the pharmaceutical  cosmetic or chemical sectors or in medical devices and/or technologies or in research in these fields.The ADSs offered in the ATM can only be offered to “Qualified Institutional Buyers” as defined in Rule 144A under the US 1933 Securities Act  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or to “accredited investors” as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act.The new ordinary shares will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris and the issued ADSs will trade on the Nasdaq Global Market (“Nasdaq”).No prospectus will be subject to the approbation of the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated June 14  2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) since the contemplated share capital increase (for the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying the ADS) would be offered to qualified investors (as such term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation) and fall under the exemption provided for in Article 1(5)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation which states that the obligation to publish a prospectus shall not apply to admission to trading on a regulated market of securities fungible with securities already admitted to trading on the same regulated market  provided that they represent  over a period of 12 months  less than 20% of the number of securities already admitted to trading on the same regulated market.Main areas of progress in the R&D portfolioNATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASHImplementation of the new design of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH announced  in January 2023  to reduce the duration of the trial to 120 weeks instead of up to 7 years  reduce the number of biopsies from three to two  and include a 48-week active treatment extension study. As of today  this new design has been approved in 24 countries and approximately 80% of activated sites are currently operating under the revised design - January 2023.Recruitment for the NATiV3 trial continues with over 50% of patients that have been randomized and successfully met all recruitment criteria. The first visit of the last patient is targeted by the end of the second half of 2023.Receipt of a positive recommendation following the second meeting of the Data Monitoring Committee of the NATIV3 Phase III clinical trial to continue the study without modification of the protocol  confirming the good safety profile of lanifibranor - May 2023.Decision of Inventiva’s partner CTTQ to initiate the clinical development in mainland China of lanifibranor in NASH after having received an IND approval from the NMPA. Inventiva and CTTQ are now working to activate 61 sites in mainland China - May 2023.Investigator-initiated Phase II clinical trial with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D§ Positive topline results of the Phase II clinical trial conducted by Dr. Kenneth Cusi from the University of Florida  evaluating lanifibranor 800mg/daily in patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) and T2D. The study confirmed the favorable safety profile and tolerability of lanifibranor and also met multiple secondary metabolic endpoints – June 2023.LEGEND Phase II trial with lanifibranor in patients with NASH and T2D§ Publication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase II proof of concept clinical trial  evaluating lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and diabetes are targeted for the end of the first quarter of 2024.Other significant milestonesPositive conclusion of the Renal Impairment study required for regulatory submission  demonstrating that lanifibranor pharmacokinetics is not affected in patients with renal impairment - May 2023.Launch of a joint initiative with Echosens  a high technology company providing a comprehensive range of diagnostic solutions for liver health  to raise awareness about NASH and increase access to screening for patients at risk of developing NASH – June 2023.Next key milestones expectedLast Patient First Visit of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH – targeted by the end of 2023.Publication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial of lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – targeted for the end of the first quarter of 2024.Upcoming investor conference participationPortzamparc BNP Paribas Healthcare Conference – Virtual  October 4-5Roth MKM 2023 Healthcare Opportunities Conference – New York  October 127th Annual H.C. Wainwright NASH Investor Conference – Virtual  October 24Stifel 2023 Healthcare Conference – New York  November 14-15Upcoming scientific conference participationMOSAIC – Washington  DC – October 19-20AASLD – The Liver Meeting – Boston - November 10-14Conference callA conference call in English will be held tomorrow  Friday  September 29  2023 at 8:00 am (New York time)/2:00 pm (Paris time) to discuss H1 2023 financial results and business updates.The conference call and the slides of the presentation will be webcast live at https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/5tuhsaud and also available on Inventiva’s onwards in the “Investors” – “Financial results” section.In order to receive the conference access information necessary to join the conference call  it is required to register in advance using the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI7e3f9e5c679846fe8a95344641e670ce .In the 10 minutes prior to the call start time  participants will need to use the conference access information provided in the e-mail received at the point of registering (dial-in number and access code).A replay of the conference call and the presentation will be available after the event at: https://inventivapharma.com/investors/financial-results-presentations/ .Next financial results publication§ Q3 2023 Revenues and cash position: Tuesday  November 21  2023 (after U.S. market close)About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH (also known as metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH))  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s cash resources  including expectations and assumptions in connection with Inventiva’s estimated cash runway  including expected receipt of payments and satisfaction of conditions to disbursement of the second tranche of the EIB loan and the timing thereof  pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and LEGEND Phase IIa clinial trial  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  expectations with respect to clinical development and commercialization by CTTQ and Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  including with respect to potential clinical trials and regulatory approvals  expectations with respect to the benefits of the agreement with CTTQ and Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  including potential acceleration lanifibranor commercialization in the event required regulatory approvals are obtained  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  achievement of milestones  potential milestone payments and potential royalties under the agreements  the rights and obligations under agreements with Hepalys Pharma Inc.  including Inventiva’s right to purchase shares in the company and right of first refusal  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth  potential revenues and prospects of Inventiva  the potential receipt of the second tranche under the EIB loan and any potential transaction or receipt of additional funds  future access to the two year short term deposit  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and estimated cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “potential’  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners’ business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023 and the Company’s half-year report for the period ended June 30  2023 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statement.1 Short-term deposits are included in the category “other current assets” in the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position  and are considered by the Company as liquid and easily available.2The long term deposit has a two year term accessible prior to the expiration of the term with a notice period of 31 days and is considered as liquid by the Company.3 Disbursement of the second tranche of €25 of the EIB loan is subject to conditions. See footnote 4 below for a description of such conditions.4 These estimates are based on the Company’s current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company (other than as specified) and any additional expenditures related to the potential continued development of the odiparcil program or resulting from the potential in-licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies  or any associated development the Company may pursue. The Company may have based these estimate on assumptions that are incorrect  and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated. The extended estimate includes the expected €25 million second tranche of the loan agreement from the EIB  which is subject to certain conditions. The disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million is subject to  among other conditions  (i) the Company issuing warrants to EIB in accordance with the terms and conditions of the warrants agreements entered into July 1  2022  (ii) the receipt by the Company from the date of the EIB credit facility of an aggregate amount of at least €70.0 million (as of today  the Company has received 59.1million of euros which includes the August 2023 financing  and the €18.0 million that was a condition for the disbursement of the first tranche of the EIB loan)  paid either in exchange for Company shares  or through upfront or milestone payments; and (iii) operational includes criteria based on patient enrolment and number of sites activated in the Company’s NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH a condition that the company expects to meet by the end of the year.5 Refer to press release dated August 2  2021 on the Company's website: https://inventivapharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/Inventiva-CP-ATM-FR-02082021-1.pdf6 Refer to the section describing the uses of the ATM program on the Company's website: https://inventivapharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/Programme-ATM3-2022.pdf.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['2023 first-half financial results', 'corporate update', 'Inventiva', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Frédéric Cren', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'two major financial milestones', 'European Investment Bank', 'Dr. Kenneth Cusi', 'Long Island City', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Prof. Kenneth Cusi', 'exclusive licensing agreement', 'second largest country', 'other metabolic diseases', 'positive topline results', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Key financial results', 'Other operating income', 'Net operating loss', 'Net financial income', 'new ATM program', 'new study design', 'business development expenses', 'clinical front', 'clinical development', 'major milestones', 'other diseases', 'two countries', 'Other income', 'Net loss', 'financial raise', 'financial condition', 'existing program', 'LEGEND study', 'Income tax', 'second tranche', 'second half', 'Basic/diluted loss', 'short-term deposits', 'long-term deposit', 'first half', 'existing investors', 'capital increase', 'royalty certificates', 'Hepalys Pharma', 'South Korea', 'milestone payments', 'third quarter', 'favorable safety', 'tolerability profile', 'First visit', 'last patient', 'first quarter', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'corporate update', 'Sino Biopharm', 'international footprint', 'great optimism', 'administrative expenses', 'average number', 'outstanding shares', 'The Company', '€5.1 million issuance', '10 million dollars', '231 million dollars', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'upfront payment', 'six months', 'recent months', '36 million euros', 'share amounts', 'NASH population', 'respectivel Revenues', '$10 million', '2022 Revenues', 'June', 'December', 'August', 'Inventiva', 'financing', 'September', 'lanifibranor', 'treatment', 'Japan', 'Inc.', 'CTTQ', 'disbursement', 'EIB', 'beginning', 'Implementation', 'July', 'patients', 'NAFLD', 'T2D', 'NATiV3', 'empagliflozin', 'Daix', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'Chairman', 'cofounder', 'year', 'progress', 'robustness', 'mechanism', 'action', 'confirmation', 'partner', 'China', 'world', 'terms', 'advancements', 'prevalence', 'addition', 'achievement', 'thousands', 'Research', 'Marketing', 'General', 'period', 'computing', '2023 amount', '2024']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30752,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-September-21-ndash-September-27-2023-44937279/,Share Buyback Transaction Details September 21 – September 27  2023,(marketscreener.com) Share Buyback Transaction Details September 21 – September 27  2023 September 28  2023 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 215 70…,Share Buyback Transaction Details September 21 – September 27  2023September 28  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 215 701 of its own ordinary shares in the period from September 21  2023  up to and including September 27  2023  for €24.6 million and at an average share price of €114.09.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 22  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this year’s buyback program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 6 246 207 692.8 110.92For the period starting August 3  2023  up to and including October 30  2023  we have mandated third parties to execute €300 million in share buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of AssociationRepurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'September', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share buybacks', 'new information', 'cumulative amounts', 'share repurchases', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'ADR) program', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third parties', 'relevant laws', 'Weekly reports', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'September', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'February', 'date', 'year', 'August', 'October', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '31']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30753,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Announces-Changes-in-Leadership-Team-44939282/,Stellantis Announces Changes in Leadership Team,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Announces Changes in Leadership Team AMSTERDAM  September 28  2023 - Stellantis today announced the following organizational changes  effective November 1st  2023. Emanuele Cappellano is appointed Chief Operating Officer of Ste…,Stellantis Announces Changes in Leadership TeamAMSTERDAM  September 28  2023 - Stellantis today announced the following organizational changes  effective November 1st  2023.Emanuele Cappellano is appointed Chief Operating Officer of Stellantis South America  replacing Antonio Filosa. He previously served as South America Chief Financial Officer for the Company from 2017 to 2021  and currently serves as North America CEO & Group Strategy and Corporate Development Director at Marcolin Group since October 2021.Antonio Filosa is appointed Jeep Brand CEO  replacing Christian Meunier who will take a long break to focus on personal interests.Ashwani Muppasani  currently China National Sales Company head since July 2022  is appointed Chief Operating Officer of Stellantis India & Asia Pacific  replacing Carl Smiley who has decided to prioritize his private life.“I want to take the opportunity to warmly thank Christian and Carl for their commitment and contributions to making Stellantis the leading company it is today ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “The circumstances of life must make us accept the personal decisions of our colleagues  as they illustrate their human qualities  beyond their business acumen. I have every confidence that Emanuele and Ashwani  as newly appointed EVPs  as well as Antonio in his new Jeep Brand CEO role  will continue the paths traced by their predecessors and further drive Stellantis to win during this time of profound change in our sector.”# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V.(NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@StellantisStellantisStellantisStellantisFor more information  contact:Bertrand BLAISE +33 6 33 72 61 86 – bertrand.blaise@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.69,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Leadership Team', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'China National Sales Company head', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'new Jeep Brand CEO role', 'South America Chief Financial Officer', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'North America CEO', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Stellantis South America', 'Corporate Development Director', 'Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'leading company', 'Citroën', 'Stellantis India', 'Leadership Team', 'Group Strategy', 'Marcolin Group', 'long break', 'personal interests', 'Asia Pacific', 'personal decisions', 'human qualities', 'business acumen', 'profound change', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Antonio Filosa', 'organizational changes', 'Emanuele Cappellano', 'Christian Meunier', 'Ashwani Muppasani', 'Carl Smiley', 'private life', 'Bertrand BLAISE', 'AMSTERDAM', 'following', 'October', 'July', 'opportunity', 'commitment', 'contributions', 'circumstances', 'colleagues', 'confidence', 'EVPs', 'paths', 'predecessors', 'time', 'sector', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'Attachment']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30754,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/Sylvain-Le-Borgne-is-appointed-Chief-Data-Officer-at-JCDecaux-44937823/,Sylvain Le Borgne is appointed Chief Data Officer at JCDecaux,(marketscreener.com) Sylvain Le Borgne is appointed Chief Data Officer at JCDecaux Paris  September 28th  2023 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has announced the appointment of Sylvain Le Borgne at JCDecaux as Group Chief …,"Sylvain Le Borgne is appointed Chief Data Officer at JCDecauxParis  September 28th  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has announced the appointment of Sylvain Le Borgne at JCDecaux as Group Chief Data Officer  effective on October 13th. He takes over from François-Xavier Pierrel who has decided to embark on a new professional adventure.Sylvain Le Borgne began his career at Adream and Actustar.com  companies he co-founded in 1998 where he acted as Chief Executive Officer until 2007. In 2008  he co-founded Adledge  a company specialised in the development of tools and Ad Verification algorithms and digital advertising visibility measurement  where he was Chief Executive Officer until 2011. He then joined Havas Group  where he held various management functions  first within Havas Digital and then at Havas Media  as EVP  Head of Technology and Data Operations. There  he developed a Data and Media consulting and services offering that has become the reference. From 2019 to 2022  Sylvain was Head of Expertise & Innovation at fifty-five. Since 2022  Sylvain was Chief Partnership & Product Officer and Head of Data & Analytics at MediaMath  overseeing also the European Business.Sylvain will leverage his entrepreneurial spirit  his deep knowledge of the media sector and his data expertise  both in France and internationally  in the service of JCDecaux and its different businesses. His ability to steer transformation and innovation projects will be a valuable strength to pursue the development of the DataCorp Department  created in 2018 and which has contributed to the digital transformation of JCDecaux.Sylvain will be responsible for strategy  governance and data operations within JCDecaux. He will guarantee the audience measurement strategy to serve the different JCDecaux sales channels and will strive to provide ever-more valuable and efficient solutions to support brands in their communication strategies  for the benefit of OOH and DOOH. He will also be in charge of accelerating data usage within the other company functions by developing tools with business lines to ensure greater operating efficiency  notably for Departments in relationships with cities and partners  Operations  R&D  Sustainable Development and Quality as well as Finance. He will also lead the development of a Data Management Platform (DMP) in collaboration with Displayce  the Demand-Side Platform with which JCDecaux formed a strategic alliance in July 2022  to centralise and efficiently manage and operate audience data internationally.Sylvain Le Borgne is a graduate of Audencia and has an MBA from the Bowling Green State University in Ohio  USA.Based in Neuilly  Sylvain Le Borgne will report to the Executive Board and to his co-Chief Executive Officer.Jean-François Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: ""We are delighted to announce the appointment of Sylvain Le Borgne as Group Chief Data Officer at JCDecaux. His entrepreneurial spirit  his expertise in media and data  as well as his leadership will be key in pursuing the development of the DataCorp Department and accelerating the digital transformation of our media. We count on Sylvain and his teams to continue to leverage the considerable potential offered by collecting  analysing and modelling aggregated  anonymised and GDPR compliant data  to meet the new needs of our customers  brands and agencies  and to offer them ever-more efficient targeted solutions.""Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a) – H1 2023 revenue: €1 585m (a)– H1 2023 revenue: €1 585m N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.4/5)  CDP (A-)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestorRelations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.51,0.46,0.02,True,English,"['Sylvain Le Borgne', 'Chief Data Officer', 'JCDecaux', 'Bowling Green State University', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'different JCDecaux sales channels', 'digital advertising visibility measurement', 'Group Chief Data Officer', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'François-Xavier Pierrel', 'Ad Verification algorithms', 'various management functions', 'greater operating efficiency', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'Platinum Medal status', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'other company functions', 'new professional adventure', 'audience measurement strategy', 'Data Management Platform', 'GDPR compliant data', 'Sylvain Le Borgne', 'efficient targeted solutions', 'Home Media company', 'Havas Group', 'Chief Partnership', 'Product Officer', 'different businesses', 'efficient solutions', 'European Business', 'business lines', 'audience data', 'Executive Board', 'Havas Digital', 'strategy, governance', 'new needs', 'daily audience', 'data usage', '1,040,132 advertising panels', '604,536 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '101,976 advertising panels', '654,957 advertising panels', '70,973 advertising panels', '371 advertising panels', 'Euronext Paris', 'digital transformation', 'Actustar.com', 'Havas Media', 'Media consulting', 'services offering', 'deep knowledge', 'media sector', 'DataCorp Department', 'communication strategies', 'R&D', 'strategic alliance', 'considerable potential', 'aggregated, anonymised', 'Key Figures', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Albert As', 'Data Operations', 'data expertise', 'innovation projects', 'valuable strength', 'H1 2023 revenue', 'JCDecaux Paris', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Sustainable Development', 'Euronext 100', '2022 revenue', 'September', 'number', 'appointment', 'October', 'career', 'Adream', 'companies', 'Adledge', 'tools', 'EVP', 'Head', 'Technology', 'reference', 'Analytics', 'MediaMath', 'spirit', 'France', 'ability', 'brands', 'benefit', 'OOH', 'charge', 'Departments', 'relationships', 'cities', 'Quality', 'Finance', 'DMP', 'collaboration', 'Displayce', 'July', 'graduate', 'Audencia', 'MBA', 'Ohio', 'Neuilly', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'leadership', 'teams', 'customers', 'agencies', '80 countries', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,200 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '153 airports', '205 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30755,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751187/0/en/Stellantis-Announces-Changes-in-Leadership-Team.html,Stellantis Announces Changes in Leadership Team,Stellantis Announces Changes in Leadership Team  AMSTERDAM  September 28  2023 - Stellantis today announced the following organizational changes ...,Stellantis Announces Changes in Leadership TeamAMSTERDAM  September 28  2023 - Stellantis today announced the following organizational changes  effective November 1st  2023.Emanuele Cappellano is appointed Chief Operating Officer of Stellantis South America  replacing Antonio Filosa. He previously served as South America Chief Financial Officer for the Company from 2017 to 2021  and currently serves as North America CEO & Group Strategy and Corporate Development Director at Marcolin Group since October 2021.Antonio Filosa is appointed Jeep Brand CEO  replacing Christian Meunier who will take a long break to focus on personal interests.Ashwani Muppasani  currently China National Sales Company head since July 2022  is appointed Chief Operating Officer of Stellantis India & Asia Pacific  replacing Carl Smiley who has decided to prioritize his private life.“I want to take the opportunity to warmly thank Christian and Carl for their commitment and contributions to making Stellantis the leading company it is today ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “The circumstances of life must make us accept the personal decisions of our colleagues  as they illustrate their human qualities  beyond their business acumen. I have every confidence that Emanuele and Ashwani  as newly appointed EVPs  as well as Antonio in his new Jeep Brand CEO role  will continue the paths traced by their predecessors and further drive Stellantis to win during this time of profound change in our sector.”# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@StellantisStellantisStellantisStellantisFor more information  contact:Bertrand BLAISE +33 6 33 72 61 86 – bertrand.blaise@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.71,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['Leadership Team', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'China National Sales Company head', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'new Jeep Brand CEO role', 'South America Chief Financial Officer', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'North America CEO', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Stellantis South America', 'Corporate Development Director', 'Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'leading company', 'Citroën', 'Stellantis India', 'Leadership Team', 'Group Strategy', 'Marcolin Group', 'long break', 'personal interests', 'Asia Pacific', 'personal decisions', 'human qualities', 'business acumen', 'profound change', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Antonio Filosa', 'organizational changes', 'Emanuele Cappellano', 'Christian Meunier', 'Ashwani Muppasani', 'Carl Smiley', 'private life', 'Bertrand BLAISE', 'AMSTERDAM', 'following', 'October', 'July', 'opportunity', 'commitment', 'contributions', 'circumstances', 'colleagues', 'confidence', 'EVPs', 'paths', 'predecessors', 'time', 'sector', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'Attachment']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30756,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-selected-as-French-Social-Security-National-Agency-exclusive-supplier-for-mail-management-s-44944929/,Quadient selected as French Social Security National Agency exclusive supplier for mail management solutions,(marketscreener.com) Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces having won a major tender for the French Social Security National Agency . The 4-year framework agreement gi…,"Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces having won a major tender for the French Social Security National Agency (UCANSS). The 4-year framework agreement gives Quadient the exclusive mandate to supply a variety of mailing  inserting and letter-opening equipment to organizations affiliated to the French Social Security body.UCANSS is a private organization with a public service mission  acting as a central purchasing body for all Social Security bodies. Under the terms of this purchase order contract  Quadient is already supplying several hundred postage meters  folding and inserting systems  and letter openers  to facilitate and streamline the incoming and outgoing document flows managed by these organizations.Stéphanie Auchabie  COO Quadient France and Benelux  said: ""We are honored to have been chosen by UCANSS  reflecting the continued trust that Social Security organizations place in Quadient and its innovative solutions. Our sales and support teams  who have been working alongside them for many years  remain committed to providing superior service  ensuring the reliability  security and efficiency of the day-to-day operations of UCANSS offices.”Previously selected for its mail-opener and folding and inserting solutions  Quadient won these two categories again this year  as well as the franking machine category  thus becoming the only mail equipment supplier authorized for all 3 solution ranges. Drawing on this success  Quadient is committed to continuing its efforts to provide its customers with ever more innovative and secure solutions  complemented by outstanding service quality  to be the supplier of choice in the field of customer communications automation and document management for the public sector.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.64,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['French Social Security National Agency exclusive supplier', 'mail management solutions', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'French Social Security National Agency', 'several hundred postage meters', 'three key solution areas', 'French Social Security body', 'Social Security bodies', 'central purchasing body', 'meaningful customer connections', '4-year framework agreement', 'purchase order contract', 'Stéphanie Auchabie', 'franking machine category', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'outstanding service quality', 'Social Security organizations', 'outgoing document flows', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'public service mission', 'customer communications automation', 'mail equipment supplier', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', '3 solution ranges', 'superior service', 'letter-opening equipment', 'document management', 'public sector', 'secure solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'major tender', 'exclusive mandate', 'private organization', 'letter openers', 'continued trust', 'support teams', 'many years', 'two categories', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'inserting solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'inserting systems', 'day operations', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Quadient France', 'UCANSS offices', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'variety', 'mailing', 'terms', 'incoming', 'COO', 'Benelux', 'sales', 'reliability', 'efficiency', 'mail-opener', 'folding', 'success', 'efforts', 'customers', 'choice', 'field', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Ext.', 'Attachment']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30757,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/exclusiveequilend-stock-lending-platform-for-sale-after-collusion-settlement-sources-3185650,Exclusive-EquiLend stock lending platform for sale after collusion settlement -sources By Reuters,Exclusive-EquiLend stock lending platform for sale after collusion settlement -sources,Published Sep 28  2023 03:02PM ET Updated Sep 29  2023 07:20AM ET© Reuters.GS -0.50% Add to/Remove from Watchlist JPM -1.74% Add to/Remove from Watchlist MS -0.63% Add to/Remove from Watchlist BLK +0.19% Add to/Remove from Watchlist BAC -0.65% Add to/Remove from Watchlist UBSG +0.18% Add to/Remove from WatchlistBy Amy-Jo Crowley  David French and Pablo Mayo Cerqueiro(Reuters) - EquiLend Holdings LLC  the securities lending platform owned by 10 of the biggest Wall Street firms  including Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE: ) and BlackRock Inc (NYSE: )  is exploring a sale following settlement of a major collusion lawsuit  people familiar with the matter said.The company is working with investment bank Broadhaven Capital Partners on an auction process  which is expected to draw interest from exchange operators  financial technology providers and private equity firms  said the sources. Euronext NV is one of the parties interested in EquiLend  one of the sources added.EquiLend generates 12-month earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization of more than $25 million  two of the sources said. One of the sources added that EquiLend may fetch about $700 million in a sale.The sources spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss confidential information. EquiLend and Broadhaven did not respond to comment requests. Euronext declined comment.Euronext shares rose 2% to 66.45 euros on Friday.It was unclear why the Wall Street firms that own EquiLend  which also include Bank of America Corp (NYSE: )  Morgan Stanley  UBS Group AG (SIX: ) and JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE: )  are exploring a sale two decades after they launched it as a joint venture.EquiLend agreed to corporate governance restrictions last month  including on how its board operates  to settle a lawsuit brought by several U.S. public pension funds accusing it of facilitating market collusion by its owners.Founded in 2001  EquiLend provides a central platform for the trading of products associated with securities lending  as well as data and analytics for the industry and compliance technology.It works with around 190 financial firms globally and has a staff of more than 330 people  according to its website.Goldman Sachs  JPMorgan  Morgan Stanley and UBS agreed to pay $499 million last month to settle the lawsuit that accused them of conspiring to stifle competition in the stock lending market using EquiLend.The lawsuit claimed the banks used their positions on EquiLend's board to maintain monopoly control over the market  and charge excessive fees to investors. The banks did not admit to any wrongdoing as part of the settlement.,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,negative,0.02,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['Exclusive-EquiLend stock lending platform', 'collusion settlement', 'sale', 'sources', 'Reuters', 'several U.S. public pension funds', 'biggest Wall Street firms', 'Goldman Sachs Group Inc', 'Pablo Mayo Cerqueiro', 'private equity firms', 'corporate governance restrictions', 'UBS Group AG', 'Broadhaven Capital Partners', 'financial technology providers', 'securities lending platform', 'stock lending market', 'EquiLend Holdings LLC', 'major collusion lawsuit', '190 financial firms', 'BlackRock Inc', 'market collusion', 'central platform', 'compliance technology', 'Amy-Jo Crowley', 'David French', 'auction process', 'exchange operators', '12-month earnings', 'confidential information', 'America Corp', 'Morgan Stanley', 'joint venture', 'excessive fees', 'Watchlist JPM', 'Watchlist MS', 'Watchlist BLK', 'Watchlist BAC', 'Watchlist UBSG', 'Euronext NV', 'Euronext shares', 'investment bank', 'comment requests', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Sep', 'Reuters', 'sale', 'settlement', 'people', 'matter', 'company', 'interest', 'sources', 'parties', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'condition', 'anonymity', '66.45 euros', 'Friday', 'NYSE', 'SIX', 'board', 'owners', 'trading', 'products', 'data', 'analytics', 'industry', 'staff', 'website', 'competition', 'banks', 'positions', 'control', 'investors', 'wrongdoing', '©']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,investing.com
30758,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOITEC-4695/news/SOITEC-Soitec-opens-new-plant-positioning-SmartSiC-trade-as-a-future-electric-vehicle-standard-44945014/,SOITEC: Soitec opens new plant  positioning SmartSiC™ as a future electric-vehicle standard -September 28  2023 at 12:01 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Soitec opens new plant  positioning SmartSiC™ as a future electric-vehicle standard Soitec inaugurates new production facility dedicated to SmartSiC™ substrates for future generations of electric vehiclesSoitec’s patented SmartCutTM techn…,Soitec opens new plant  positioningSmartSiC™asafuture electric-vehicle standardSoitec inaugurates new production facility dedicated to SmartSiC ™ substrates for future generations of electric vehiclesSoitec’s patented SmartCut TM technology allows each substrate to be used 10 times  reducing CO2 emissions during wafer manufacturing by 70%Launch of new plant is a key step in execution of Soitec’s strategic plan  targeting a threefold increase in addressable markets by 2030Bernin (Grenoble)  France  28 September2023 – Soitec (Euronext – Tech Leaders)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  today inaugurates its new plant in Bernin  near Grenoble  in the presence of Thierry Breton  European Commissioner for the Internal Market and Roland Lescure  French Minister Delegate for Industry.Soitec has developed its SmartSiC™ technology as a response to vehicle electrification challenges.The technology  based on silicon carbide (SiC)  sets a new standard with improved efficiency for energy conversion systems. Thanks to its reduced energy losses  better thermal management and improved power density  the material increases the range and performance of electric vehicles.Through the application of SmartCutTM technology  each SiC substrate can be used 10 times.As a result  SmartSiCTM enables electric vehicles to achieve ranges above 500 km  compared with an average 350 km for vehicles using silicon IGBT1 alternatives – while also reducing CO2 emissions during wafer manufacturing by 70% compared to monocrystalline SiC substrates.Development of the technology began in 2020 in partnership with CEA-Leti and has received financial support from the French state  the region  local authorities and the European Union.A new production facility in step with Soitec’s ambitionThe new plant will have a 2 500 m2 footprint and a final production capacity of 500 000 SmartSiCTM wafers per year.It will contribute to Soitec’s strategy of sustainable growth towards a threefold expansion of addressable markets by 2030  reinforcing the company’s leadership position in the strategic semiconductor materials market.The new plant will lead to the creation of 400 direct jobs  while also reinforcing the attractiveness and dynamism of the “French Silicon Valley” ecosystem.Pierre Barnabé  Chief Executive Officer of Soitec  stated: “More than ever we are ready to establish our SmartSiCTMtechnology as a new standard in semiconductor materials for coming generations of electric cars. This plant will enable us to meet growing demand for silicon carbide and achieve a 30% market shareby 2030  while helping to make electric mobility more efficient and affordable. Completedin record time  it is the embodiment of our industrial performance and our future-facing strategy  based on the expansion of our product and technology portfolio.This is also an important day for our region  which is once again showing its dynamic and exemplary approach to industrial innovation  with technologies designed  developed  and manufactured within our ecosystem. We will create jobs and continue to showcase French and European knowhow in global semiconductor markets.”About SoitecSoitec (Euronext - Tech Leaders)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  has been developing cutting-edge products delivering both technological performance and energy efficiency for over 30 years. From its global headquarters in France  Soitec is expanding internationally with its unique solutions  and generated sales of 1.1 billion Euros in fiscal year 2022-2023. Soitec occupies a key position in the semiconductor value chain  serving three main strategic markets: mobile communications  automotive and industrial  and smart devices. The company relies on the talent and diversity of its 2 100 employees  representing 50 different nationalities  working at its sites in Europe  the United States and Asia. Soitec has registered over 4 000 patents.Soitec  SmartSiC™ and Smart Cut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information: https://www.soitec.com/en/ and follow us on X: @Soitec OfficialMedia Relations Investor Relationsmedia@soitec.com investors@soitec.com1 IGBT: insulated-gate bipolar transistorAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.6,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['future electric-vehicle standard', 'new plant', 'SOITEC', 'SmartSiC™', 'September', '12:01', 'three main strategic markets', 'strategic semiconductor materials market', 'French Silicon Valley” ecosystem', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'vehicle electrification challenges', 'final production capacity', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Completedin record time', 'semiconductor value chain', 'silicon IGBT1 alternatives', 'energy conversion systems', 'reduced energy losses', 'French Minister Delegate', 'global semiconductor markets', 'new production facility', 'SmartCut TM technology', 'monocrystalline SiC substrates', 'strategic plan', 'addressable markets', 'silicon carbide', 'Internal Market', '30% market shareby', 'French state', 'global headquarters', 'new standard', 'SmartSiC ™ substrates', 'energy efficiency', 'new plant', 'electric-vehicle standard', 'future generations', 'CO2 emissions', 'wafer manufacturing', 'threefold increase', 'Tech Leaders', 'world leader', 'Thierry Breton', 'European Commissioner', 'Roland Lescure', 'thermal management', 'power density', 'financial support', 'local authorities', 'European Union', '2,500 m2 footprint', 'sustainable growth', 'leadership position', 'Pierre Barnabé', 'coming generations', 'electric cars', 'growing demand', 'electric mobility', 'important day', 'exemplary approach', 'European knowhow', 'cutting-edge products', 'unique solutions', '1.1 billion Euros', 'key position', 'mobile communications', 'smart devices', '50 different nationalities', 'United States', 'Smart Cut™', 'SmartCutTM technology', 'technology portfolio', 'electric vehicles', 'industrial innovation', 'technological performance', 'key step', 'SmartSiC™ technology', 'average 350 km', '500,000 SmartSiCTM wafers', 'threefold expansion', '400 direct jobs', 'future-facing strategy', 'fiscal year', 'industrial performance', '500 km', 'Soitec', 'Launch', 'execution', 'Bernin', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'Euronext', 'presence', 'Industry', 'response', 'range', 'application', 'result', 'Development', 'partnership', 'CEA-Leti', 'region', 'ambition', 'company', 'creation', 'attractiveness', 'dynamism', 'SmartSiCTMtechnology', 'embodiment', 'dynamic', 'technologies', '30 years', 'sales', 'automotive', 'talent', 'diversity', '2,100 employees', 'sites', 'Asia', '4,000 patents', 'trademarks', 'information', '1 IGBT']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30759,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/Keeping-Ukraine-connected-Kyivstar-CTO-addresses-GSMA-Sec-Con-at-MWC-Las-Vegas-2023-44937639/,Keeping Ukraine connected: Kyivstar CTO addresses GSMA Sec Con at MWC Las Vegas 2023 -September 28  2023 at 05:06 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  28 September 2023 – VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  addressed MWC Las Vegas 2023  the mobile telecommunication industry’s largest event in the Americas  with Volod…,"Amsterdam  28 September 2023 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  addressed MWC Las Vegas 2023  the mobile telecommunication industry’s largest event in the Americas  with Volodymyr Lutchenko  the Chief Technology Officer of Kyivstar  taking the stage to share how Kyivstar keeps Ukraine connected.Addressing the participants of GSMA Sec Con as a part of the session ""Securing Telecoms in Times of Conflict""  Lutchenko underlined the importance of emergency preparedness and building resilience. Over the course of the past 19 months  Kyivstar has focused extensively on resilience  building multiple redundancy into its core network and investing in the energy infrastructure of its sites with power generators and batteries.Despite significant impacts on its network and doubling of the intensity of DDoS attacks  Kyivstar maintains network availability at 94% and support Ukraine’s cybersecurity.“Rebuilding and defending the telecoms network in Ukraine has been critical in keeping the people of Ukraine connected during the past 19 months ” states Volodymyr Lutchenko  CTO of Kyivstar. “We have worked closely with the Ukrainian Government and benefitted from the support of the telecoms industry to ensure access to communications and digital services for the people of Ukraine.”To ensure continuity of essential services  Kyivstar has continuously invested in the country’s infrastructure  rebuilding sites  reconnecting recovered territories  and responding to shifting demand in new settlements. VEON and Kyivstar have also committed to USD 600 million in investments over the next three years for the recovery and reconstruction of Ukraine. This includes collaborations with international partners  including the recent MoU between VEON and Rakuten to explore rebuilding parts of the network with OpenRAN and cooperation in the digital arena.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .About Kyivstar:Kyivstar is the largest telecoms operator in Ukraine with 24.3 million mobile subscribers and over 1.1 million home internet subscribers. The company provides services based on mobile and fixed-line technologies  including 4G  as well as innovative services such as Big Data  IoT  cloud solutions  digital TV  digital health and others. The company provides the highest average speed of mobile data transmission among Ukrainian mobile operators. Kyivstar is 100% owned by the international VEON Group  headquartered in the Netherlands and listed on NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam stock exchanges. For more information visit www.kyivstar.ua .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s strategy and investment plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact Information:VEONHande AsikGroup Director of Communicationpr@veon.comTUVA PartnersJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.comAttachment",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['GSMA Sec Con', 'MWC Las Vegas', 'Kyivstar CTO', 'Ukraine', 'September', '05:06', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Hande Asik Group Director', '1.1 million home internet subscribers', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchanges', '24.3 million mobile subscribers', 'MWC Las Vegas', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'GSMA Sec Con', 'next three years', 'highest average speed', 'mobile telecommunication industry', 'mobile data transmission', 'Ukrainian mobile operators', 'global digital operator', 'international VEON Group', 'largest telecoms operator', '160 million customers', 'largest event', 'Ukrainian Government', 'telecoms industry', 'international partners', 'Big Data', 'digital arena', 'digital TV', 'digital health', 'converged connectivity', 'emergency preparedness', 'past 19 months', 'multiple redundancy', 'power generators', 'significant impacts', 'DDoS attacks', 'digital services', 'recovered territories', 'shifting demand', 'new settlements', 'recent MoU', 'six countries', 'economic growth', 'fixed-line technologies', 'cloud solutions', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'investment plans', 'forward-looking statement', 'TUVA Partners', 'online services', 'essential services', 'technology-driven services', 'innovative services', 'Volodymyr Lutchenko', 'core network', 'network availability', 'telecoms network', 'energy infrastructure', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'Contact Information', 'VEON Ltd', 'statements', 'NASDAQ', 'Americas', 'Kyivstar', 'stage', 'Ukraine', 'participants', 'session', 'Times', 'Conflict', 'importance', 'resilience', 'course', 'sites', 'batteries', 'intensity', 'cybersecurity', 'people', 'support', 'access', 'communications', 'continuity', 'country', 'investments', 'recovery', 'reconstruction', 'collaborations', 'Rakuten', 'rebuilding', 'parts', 'OpenRAN', 'cooperation', 'world', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'company', '4G', 'IoT', 'others', 'Netherlands', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'strategy', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30760,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751470/0/en/SOITEC-Soitec-opens-new-plant-positioning-SmartSiC-as-a-future-electric-vehicle-standard.html,SOITEC: Soitec opens new plant  positioning SmartSiC™ as a future electric-vehicle standard,Soitec opens new plant  positioning SmartSiC™ as a future electric-vehicle standard  Soitec inaugurates new production facility dedicated to SmartSiC™......,Soitec opens new plant  positioning SmartSiC™as a future electric-vehicle standardSoitec inaugurates new production facility dedicated to SmartSiC ™ substrates for future generations of electric vehiclesSoitec’s patented SmartCut TM technology allows each substrate to be used 10 times  reducing CO2 emissions during wafer manufacturing by 70%Launch of new plant is a key step in execution of Soitec’s strategic plan  targeting a threefold increase in addressable markets by 2030Bernin (Grenoble)  France  28 September 2023 – Soitec (Euronext – Tech Leaders)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  today inaugurates its new plant in Bernin  near Grenoble  in the presence of Thierry Breton  European Commissioner for the Internal Market and Roland Lescure  French Minister Delegate for Industry.Soitec has developed its SmartSiC™ technology as a response to vehicle electrification challenges.The technology  based on silicon carbide (SiC)  sets a new standard with improved efficiency for energy conversion systems. Thanks to its reduced energy losses  better thermal management and improved power density  the material increases the range and performance of electric vehicles.Through the application of SmartCutTM technology  each SiC substrate can be used 10 times.As a result  SmartSiCTM enables electric vehicles to achieve ranges above 500 km  compared with an average 350 km for vehicles using silicon IGBT1 alternatives – while also reducing CO2 emissions during wafer manufacturing by 70% compared to monocrystalline SiC substrates.Development of the technology began in 2020 in partnership with CEA-Leti and has received financial support from the French state  the region  local authorities and the European Union.A new production facility in step with Soitec’s ambitionThe new plant will have a 2 500 m2 footprint and a final production capacity of 500 000 SmartSiCTM wafers per year.It will contribute to Soitec’s strategy of sustainable growth towards a threefold expansion of addressable markets by 2030  reinforcing the company’s leadership position in the strategic semiconductor materials market.The new plant will lead to the creation of 400 direct jobs  while also reinforcing the attractiveness and dynamism of the “French Silicon Valley” ecosystem.Pierre Barnabé  Chief Executive Officer of Soitec  stated: “More than ever we are ready to establish our SmartSiCTM technology as a new standard in semiconductor materials for coming generations of electric cars. This plant will enable us to meet growing demand for silicon carbide and achieve a 30% market share by 2030  while helping to make electric mobility more efficient and affordable. Completed in record time  it is the embodiment of our industrial performance and our future-facing strategy  based on the expansion of our product and technology portfolio.This is also an important day for our region  which is once again showing its dynamic and exemplary approach to industrial innovation  with technologies designed  developed  and manufactured within our ecosystem. We will create jobs and continue to showcase French and European knowhow in global semiconductor markets.”About SoitecSoitec (Euronext - Tech Leaders)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  has been developing cutting-edge products delivering both technological performance and energy efficiency for over 30 years. From its global headquarters in France  Soitec is expanding internationally with its unique solutions  and generated sales of 1.1 billion Euros in fiscal year 2022-2023. Soitec occupies a key position in the semiconductor value chain  serving three main strategic markets: mobile communications  automotive and industrial  and smart devices. The company relies on the talent and diversity of its 2 100 employees  representing 50 different nationalities  working at its sites in Europe  the United States and Asia. Soitec has registered over 4 000 patents.Soitec  SmartSiC™ and Smart Cut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information: https://www.soitec.com/en/ and follow us on X: @Soitec OfficialMedia Relations Investor Relationsmedia@soitec.com investors@soitec.com1 IGBT: insulated-gate bipolar transistorAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.59,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['future electric-vehicle standard', 'new plant', 'SOITEC', 'SmartSiC™', 'three main strategic markets', 'strategic semiconductor materials market', 'French Silicon Valley” ecosystem', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'vehicle electrification challenges', 'final production capacity', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'semiconductor value chain', 'silicon IGBT1 alternatives', 'energy conversion systems', 'reduced energy losses', 'French Minister Delegate', 'global semiconductor markets', 'new production facility', 'SmartCut TM technology', 'future electric-vehicle standard', 'monocrystalline SiC substrates', 'strategic plan', 'addressable markets', 'silicon carbide', 'Internal Market', '30% market share', 'new standard', 'future generations', 'French state', 'global headquarters', 'energy efficiency', 'new plant', 'SmartSiC ™ substrates', 'CO2 emissions', 'wafer manufacturing', 'threefold increase', 'Tech Leaders', 'world leader', 'Thierry Breton', 'European Commissioner', 'Roland Lescure', 'thermal management', 'power density', 'financial support', 'local authorities', 'European Union', '2,500 m2 footprint', 'sustainable growth', 'leadership position', 'Pierre Barnabé', 'coming generations', 'electric cars', 'growing demand', 'electric mobility', 'record time', 'important day', 'exemplary approach', 'European knowhow', 'cutting-edge products', 'unique solutions', '1.1 billion Euros', 'key position', 'mobile communications', 'smart devices', '50 different nationalities', 'United States', 'Smart Cut™', 'SmartCutTM technology', 'technology portfolio', 'electric vehicles', '500,000 SmartSiCTM wafers', 'industrial innovation', 'technological performance', 'SmartSiCTM technology', 'key step', 'average 350 km', 'threefold expansion', '400 direct jobs', 'future-facing strategy', 'fiscal year', 'SmartSiC™ technology', 'industrial performance', '500 km', 'Soitec', 'Launch', 'execution', 'Bernin', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'Euronext', 'presence', 'Industry', 'response', 'range', 'application', 'result', 'Development', 'partnership', 'CEA-Leti', 'region', 'ambition', 'company', 'creation', 'attractiveness', 'dynamism', 'embodiment', 'dynamic', 'technologies', '30 years', 'sales', 'automotive', 'talent', 'diversity', '2,100 employees', 'sites', 'Asia', '4,000 patents', 'trademarks', 'information', '1 IGBT']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30761,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENERGY-TRANSITION-PARTNER-124844124/news/Energy-Transition-Partners-B-Halfjaarlijkse-financiele-verslaggeving-44946065/,Energy Transition Partners B : Halfjaarlijkse financiële verslaggeving -September 28  2023 at 03:08 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V.      INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT   FOR THE PERIOD FROM   1 JANUARY 2023 TO 30 JUNE 2023     ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V.         ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/E…,"ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V. (Amsterdam) INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE PERIOD FROM 1 JANUARY 2023 TO 30 JUNE 2023ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V. (Amsterdam) CONTENTS Page - Interim Board Report 3 - Unaudited condensed interim financial statements Condensed interim statement of comprehensive income from 1 January 2023 to 30 June 2023 14 Condensed interim statement of financial position as at 30 June 2023 15 Condensed interim statement of changes in equity from 1 January 2023 to 30 June 2023 16 Condensed interim statement of cash flows from 1 January 2023 to 30 June 2023 17 Notes to the condensed interim financial statements 18 Page | 2ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V. (Amsterdam) INTERIM BOARD REPORT This interim financial report of Energy Transition Partners B.V. (hereinafter referred to as ""Energy Transition"" or the ""Company"") for the period from 1 January 2023 to 30 June 2023 consists of the report of the board of directors of the Company (the ""Board""  and such report the ""Interim Board Report"")  including the responsibility statement and other mandatory statements by the Board and the condensed interim financial statements and the accompanying notes (the ""Half-Year Report""). ABOUT ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V. The Company was incorporated on 25 February 2021 under the name of EnTra Acquisition B.V. On 10 March 2021 the name of the Company was changed to Energy Transition Partners B.V. The Company has its registered office at Luna ArenA  Herikerbergweg 238  1101 CM Amsterdam  the Netherlands. The Company is a Special Purpose Acquisition Company (SPAC) with the purpose of effecting a merger  demerger  share exchange  asset acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with  or acquisition of  a business or company (a ""Target"") (a ""Business Combination"") operating in the energy transition sector that is headquartered or operating in Europe (including the UK)  although it may pursue a business combination opportunity in any geography  industry or sector. Energy Transition Sponsor LLP (the ""Sponsor"") is the Sponsor of the Company. The Company was admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam (the ""Admission"")  the regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (""Euronext Amsterdam"") on 19 July 2021 pursuant to a private placement (the ""Private Placement"" or ""Offering"") in which it raised EUR 175 million in gross proceeds (the ""Proceeds"") in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Company's prospectus which has been issued on 15 July 2021 (the ""Prospectus""). The Company completed the Offering of 17 500 000 units (the ""Units"")  each consisting of one ordinary share (an ""Ordinary Share"") and one-third (1/3) of a warrant (a ""Warrant"" or ""Public Warrant"")  at a price of EUR 10.00 per Unit raising gross proceeds of EUR 175 million. Payment for the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants (""Settlement"") took place on 21 July 2021 (the ""Settlement Date""). Since the Settlement Date  the Company has been focusing on the selection of a potential target company for the initial Business Combination. The process is currently ongoing  and the Company initially had 24 months from the Settlement Date (the ""Business Combination Deadline"")  plus an additional six months subject to approval by the General Meeting  to complete a Business Combination. At its annual general meeting held on 29 June 2023  the shareholders of the Company approved all proposed resolutions  including the extension of the deadline to complete a Business Combination by an additional six months - - such deadline is now 21 January 2024 (the ""Business Combination Deadline""). The Company's business strategy is to identify  combine with and maximise the value of a Target with operations in the Energy Transition Sector. In executing this strategy  the Company will look for a Target that (i) complements the experience of the Founders  (ii) can benefit from the Founders' operating and financial expertise and (iii) represents a compelling investment opportunity for the Company and its investors. If the Company identifies a suitable Target  the Company will enter into negotiations with the Target's current owners including  if appropriate  for the purpose of agreeing transaction documentation appropriate for the potential Business Combination. The Company will publicly disclose material updates with respect to the transaction process leading up to the Business Combination  including the envisaged completion date of the Business Combination (the ""Business Combination Date""). On the Business Combination Date  all documents will be signed and all such actions will be taken to legally Page | 3ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V. (Amsterdam) complete the Business Combination. The Company will issue a press release to confirm that the Business Combination has been completed. At the end of June 2023  the Company has not proposed a specific target company to its shareholders. The Company will continue its search for a proposed Business Combination with a target company to be completed before the Business Combination Deadline. CAPITAL STRUCTURE According to the Articles  the issued capital of the Company may consist of Ordinary Shares (including the Founder Shares)  the Founder Share F1 and the Company may issue Warrants and Founder Warrants. The Company was incorporated with an issued share capital of EUR 62 500  consisting of 6 250 000 class A shares having a nominal value of EUR 0.01 each. These shares were converted into class B shares having a nominal value of EUR 0.01 each. An additional 3 750 000 class B shares were issued. The nominal value of each class B share in the capital of the Company was decreased from EUR 0.01 to EUR 0.0025. Each of these class B shares was converted into an ordinary share in the capital of the Company  and the nominal value of each such share was increased to EUR 0.01. Subsequently  various cancellations of in total 3 750 000 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company took place. As a result  on the date of the Prospectus  the issued share capital of the Company was EUR 43 750  consisting of 4 375 000 Ordinary Shares  all being Founder Shares  with a nominal value of EUR 0.01 each. In connection with the Offering  87 500 000 Ordinary Shares were issued  70 000 000 of which were held in treasury. As a result  as of the Settlement Date  the issued and outstanding share capital consisted of 21 875 000 Ordinary Shares  4 3750 000 of which were Founder Shares. In connection with Carl-Peter Forster's resignation from the Board effective 30 April 2022  Mr Forster and the Company entered into an agreement for the acquisition by the Company of all of the 20 000 Ordinary Shares in the Company's capital held by Mr Forster  against an aggregate purchase price of EUR 200. The EUR 200 was paid to Mr Forster by the Company on 29 April 2022. On 15 June 2023  the Company announced the results of a repurchase offer pursuant to a ""Repurchase Document"" published by the Company on 5 June 2023 (the ""Repurchase Offer""). The number of Ordinary Shares validly tendered for repurchase was 8 729 926  equating to EUR 87 761 073 of capital based on the offer price of EUR 10.0529 per Ordinary Share. Following settlement of the Repurchase Offer the number of Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding (excluding Founder Shares) was 8 770 074. The repurchased Ordinary Shares will be held as treasury shares by the Company  pending reissue in connection with a potential future business combination. Set out below is an overview of the Company's share capital for the dates stated in the overview: Class of Shares Upon At the date of On the On the On 30 June incorporation the Prospectus Settlement Settlement 2023: Issued Date: Issued Date: Issued and share capital and outstanding outstanding share capital share capital (1) after repurchase offer (1) Class A shares 6 250 000 - - - - Ordinary Shares - 4 375 000 91 875 000 21 875 000 13 125 074 Page | 4",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.53,0.46,0.01,True,English,"['Halfjaarlijkse financiële verslaggeving', 'Energy Transition Partners', 'September', '03:08', 'ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V.', 'Unaudited condensed interim financial statements', 'EnTra Acquisition B.V.', 'Energy Transition Sponsor LLP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'energy transition sector', 'Special Purpose Acquisition Company', 'other mandatory statements', 'compelling investment opportunity', 'INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT', 'additional six months', 'annual general meeting', 'similar business combination', 'initial Business Combination', 'potential Business Combination', 'one ordinary share', 'Interim Board Report', 'Business Combination Date', 'Business Combination Deadline', 'potential target company', 'specific target company', 'financial position', 'financial expertise', 'combination opportunity', 'interim statement', 'asset acquisition', 'Half-Year Report', 'Ordinary Shares', 'completion date', 'share exchange', 'share purchase', 'Settlement Date', 'comprehensive income', 'cash flows', 'responsibility statement', 'registered office', 'Luna ArenA', 'private placement', 'Public Warrants', 'current owners', 'transaction documentation', 'material updates', 'press release', 'business strategy', '1101 CM Amsterdam', 'suitable Target', 'gross proceeds', 'accompanying notes', ""Founders' operating"", 'transaction process', 'CONTENTS Page', 'The Company', '24 months', 'PERIOD', '1 JANUARY', '30 JUNE', 'changes', 'equity', 'directors', '25 February', 'name', '10 March', 'Herikerbergweg', 'Netherlands', 'SPAC', 'merger', 'reorganisation', 'Europe', 'UK', 'geography', 'industry', 'trading', 'Admission', 'market', '19 July', 'Offering', 'accordance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'prospectus', '15 July', '17,500,000 units', 'one-third', 'price', 'Payment', '21 July', 'selection', 'approval', '29 June', 'shareholders', 'resolutions', 'extension', 'value', 'operations', 'experience', 'investors', 'negotiations', 'respect', 'documents', 'actions', 'end', 'search']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30762,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/eutelsat-and-oneweb-merge-to-form-new-satellite-communications-entity-93CH-3185321,Eutelsat and OneWeb merge to form new satellite communications entity By Investing.com,Eutelsat and OneWeb merge to form new satellite communications entity,"Published Sep 28  2023 09:46AM ET© Reuters.ETL +3.04% Add to/Remove from WatchlistEutelsat Communications (OTC: ) SA (ETL) and Bharti-backed OneWeb announced on Thursday a successful all-share combination  forming the Eutelsat Group. The merger has created the world's first integrated geostationary (GEO) and low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite communications entity. The new entity aims to revolutionize space communications and cater to the rapidly expanding connectivity market.The Paris-based Eutelsat Group will continue to operate OneWeb commercially as ""Eutelsat OneWeb "" with its operational center in London. ETL remains listed on Euronext Paris and has applied for a standard listing on the London Stock Exchange.Bharti Enterprises has emerged as the principal shareholder in the newly merged entity  securing a 21.2% stake. Sunil Bharti Mittal  Founder and Chairman of Bharti Enterprises  will serve as vice-president (co-chair) of the board of directors  while Shravin Bharti Mittal  who led the OneWeb investment  will be Bharti’s representative as a director on the Eutelsat Board. Akhil Gupta will continue his role as a director on the board of OneWeb  now a 100% subsidiary of Eutelsat.The merger is set to unlock new possibilities in bridging the digital divide and advancing global connectivity goals  leveraging Eutelsat’s GEO fleet and OneWeb’s LEO constellation for integrated connectivity services.With OneWeb’s network going global in 2023  the combined GEO-LEO service is expected to open up new markets  including Fixed Connectivity  Government Services  Mobile Connectivity  and advanced Broadcast and video services. The company anticipates double-digit revenue growth reaching approximately €2 billion in 2027  outpacing growth in adjusted EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation  and Amortization).""The business combines compelling strategy  technology  and talent to deliver across several markets and verticals and together we are well-positioned to deliver value for all our shareholders ” Mittal added.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['new satellite communications entity', 'Eutelsat', 'OneWeb', 'Investing', 'The Paris-based Eutelsat Group', 'LEO) satellite communications entity', 'low Earth orbit', 'expanding connectivity market', 'global connectivity goals', 'London Stock Exchange', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'Sunil Bharti Mittal', 'Shravin Bharti Mittal', 'integrated connectivity services', 'LEO constellation', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'space communications', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'integrated geostationary', 'new entity', 'Government Services', 'video services', 'Bharti Enterprises', 'share combination', 'operational center', 'Euronext Paris', 'standard listing', 'principal shareholder', 'Akhil Gupta', 'new possibilities', 'digital divide', 'GEO-LEO service', 'new markets', 'advanced Broadcast', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'compelling strategy', 'several markets', 'T&C.', 'GEO fleet', 'Bharti-backed OneWeb', 'Eutelsat OneWeb', 'OneWeb investment', 'Eutelsat Board', 'Sep', 'Reuters', 'ETL', 'Watchlist', 'Thursday', 'successful', 'merger', 'world', 'rapidly', '21.2% stake', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'vice-president', 'directors', 'representative', 'role', '100% subsidiary', 'network', 'combined', 'company', 'Interest', 'Taxes', 'Depreciation', 'Amortization', 'business', 'technology', 'talent', 'verticals', 'value', 'shareholders', 'article', 'support', 'editor', 'information', '©']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,investing.com
30763,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALUE8-N-V-15311912/news/Value8-N-response-to-possible-Renewi-offer-44941647/,Value8 N : response to possible Renewi offer -September 28  2023 at 10:06 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)    september 28  2023   Categorie: Persberichten       Today Macquarie Asset Management has issued a press release stating it is considering a possible offer for all shares of Renewi and has made a proposal to the Renewi Boar…,Today Macquarie Asset Management has issued a press release stating it is considering a possible offer for all shares of Renewi and has made a proposal to the Renewi Board on September 25th. This proposal consists of a cash offer of 775 pence per ordinary share  equivalent to a value of approximately 8 97 euro per share. The proposal values Renewi (with 80.2 million shares outstanding) at 622 million pounds  or 720 million euros.Value8  an investment company listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock market  owns a 2.4 per cent stake in Renewi. Value8 considers Renewi to be the Benelux champion in recycling and waste management. The initial investment dates back to October 2020 and was based on Renewi's good market position in the Benelux and its confidence in the Renewi's management team. Over the past three years  the Management Board  led by CEO Otto de Bont  has significantly strengthened Renewi's position through:• improved operational performance• healthy profitability• the restoration of good balance sheet ratios• numerous initiatives contributing to future growth.Based on performance over the past three years  Value8 concludes that Macquarie's possible cash offer of 775 pence per share represents only 8 times FY2022 earnings and less than 9 times FY2023 earnings. The possible offer does not reflect the true value of the company and is therefore wholly inadequate. The possible cash offer does not reflect:• Renewi's strong market position in its core markets• Renewi's excellent growth prospects• The significantly improved profitability and balance sheet`• Recent multiples paid for comparable companiesShould Macquarie make a public offer at the indicated valuation  Value8 intends - based on the current information - not to tender its shares.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.69,0.16,0.15,True,English,"['possible Renewi offer', 'Value8 N', 'response', 'September', '10:06', 'CEO Otto de Bont', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock market', 'good balance sheet ratios', 'good market position', '2.4 per cent stake', 'past three years', '8 times FY2022 earnings', '9 times FY2023 earnings', 'strong market position', 'excellent growth prospects', 'possible cash offer', 'Macquarie Asset Management', 'possible offer', 'future growth', 'public offer', 'waste management', 'management team', 'Management Board', 'press release', '622 million pounds', '720 million euros', 'initial investment', 'numerous initiatives', 'core markets', 'Recent multiples', 'comparable companies', 'current information', 'investment company', 'Benelux champion', 'operational performance', 'healthy profitability', 'ordinary share', '80.2 million shares', 'true value', 'Renewi Board', 'proposal', 'September', '775 pence', '97 euro', 'Value8', 'recycling', 'October', 'confidence', 'restoration', 'less']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30764,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4118384.html,“Through Design and Innovation  we can create a new and positive world”: discussion with Accor’s Damien Perrot and designer Tristan du Plessis,Yesterday  we celebrate World Tourism Day 2023  highlighting the need for more new and innovative solutions for people  for planet and for prosperity. To mark this day  we sat down with Damien Perrot  Accor’s Global Chief Design  Technical Services & Innovati…,Yesterday  we celebrate World Tourism Day 2023  highlighting the need for more new and innovative solutions for people  for planet and for prosperity. To mark this day  we sat down with Damien Perrot  Accor’s Global Chief Design  Technical Services & Innovation Officer for Premium  Midscale & Economy Brands and the international award-winning interior architect Tristan du Plessis to discuss how Design and Innovation can help bring to life the hospitality of the future.Discover the Video of their Letter to the Future “Design of Tomorrow”Today’s guests want experiences that are authentic and immersive  and spaces adapted to their increasingly flexible lifestyles. Design is a key element of the guest experience and we innovate with design to create memorable experiences and emotion for our guests. But for our team members too: being in an environment they can be proud of  it contributes to an even greater engagement with guests. Design also contributes to greater sustainability  for example through biophilic design  which offers multiple advantages to environmentally sustainable design such as reducing environmental impact and enhancing people well-being by creating healthier living and working environment.The Accor Design Awards  Accor’s global competition for architecture and interior design students inaugurated in 2016  uncover emerging trends and talents  to imagine the hospitality industry of tomorrow. We were privileged to have Tristan du Plessis as our headjudge in 2022.Design is much more than aesthetic. Design is a driver of growth  sustainability  and empowerment of people. It starts with the needs of our guests and our owners. Our role is to create experiences that differentiate each brand and enhance performance and value for our guests and investors. But also to improve the employee experience. It’s about always challenging the status quo  always rethinking hospitality. DAMIEN PERROTDesign and innovation are a set of tools that we have to advance our industry forward. I think it's really important to ask the question “why”: “Why does a hotel need to be the way that it was before? TRISTAN DU PLESSISTransformation Shaped by Design: The Art of Taking RisksIn recent years  we have seen profound shifts in the world in the way we work  travel  and live. Design has both adapted to and trailblazed this transformation  going beyond traditional hospitality to create hybrid spaces where travel and lifestyle merge: one place does not equal one usage anymore. Hotels are social hubs  integrated within the local community and appealing to both travelers and locals. This strategy applies to all segments  from the ibis “life hub” concept  which welcomes everyone as if they were at home  to the MGallery’s bespoke  locally rooted design aesthetics. And this innovation mindset can only truly flourish within a design-oriented culture that continually explores boundaries and fosters open collaboration.To leverage the full potential of design  you need to dare. You need to create a kind of recipe that will bring innovation. You need to have people who are able to reset everything they have learned  to reinvent themselves  to create surprises – because this is the secret of emotion. You need to trust and you need to try. DAMIEN PERROTMy challenge is creating a hotel that is guest-centric. Instead of trying to make the hotel feel local: collaborate with locals  so that it becomes a locally sourced project that forms a part of the local neighbourhood. And with the beauty and power of collaboration  Accor will have their ideas  I will have my ideas  and we will question them and create a third new idea that pushes a brand forward. TRISTAN DU PLESSISFinding the Sweet Spot: Design and PerformanceDesign is also a key lever for unlocking the full potential of each square meter within every hotel. As an integral part of the design process  it involves stepping back and considering the broader perspective: finding the right balance between business objectives and the needs of our guests.A good designer takes the budget constraints as a creative element. Performance is my leitmotiv. We want to create the place where we would like to live tomorrow. It is definitively through performance that we are leading the change. DAMIEN PERROTTo have a rich and fertile space for creativity and innovation  we need a few core ingredients. The one that may seem a bit boring – but crucial – is understanding the budgetary constraints to focus on innovation. That’s where the beauty between performance and design comes into play. TRISTAN DU PLESSISDesign of Tomorrow: Designing the World We Want to Live InThe hospitality industry stands at the forefront of design’s future. We believe it is our role to challenge the status quo  foster innovation  embrace risk  and continuously refine our design strategies to push the industry into new frontiers.We want to create iconic projects  projects that break the mold. Design  innovation  entrepreneurship: they are the ingredients we need to create the future where we would like to live tomorrow. Thanks to Design and Innovation  we can create a new and positive world. We just need to dare  try  and trust.— Source: AccorAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.35,0.12,True,English,"['designer Tristan du Plessis', 'positive world', 'Damien Perrot', 'Innovation', 'new', 'discussion', 'Accor', 'international award-winning interior architect Tristan du Plessis', 'ibis “life hub” concept', 'The Accor Design Awards', 'interior design students', 'third new idea', 'Global Chief Design', 'World Tourism Day', 'The Art', 'global competition', 'innovative solutions', 'Damien Perrot', 'Technical Services', 'Economy Brands', 'flexible lifestyles', 'key element', 'guest experience', 'team members', 'greater engagement', 'multiple advantages', 'environmental impact', 'healthier living', 'emerging trends', 'employee experience', 'status quo', 'recent years', 'profound shifts', 'social hubs', 'local community', 'design-oriented culture', 'full potential', 'local neighbourhood', 'Sweet Spot', 'key lever', 'square meter', 'broader perspective', 'right balance', 'business objectives', 'good designer', 'budget constraints', 'creative element', 'fertile space', 'budgetary constraints', 'new frontiers', 'one usage', 'traditional hospitality', 'biophilic design', 'sustainable design', 'design aesthetics', 'design process', 'design strategies', 'greater sustainability', 'working environment', 'hybrid spaces', 'open collaboration', 'integral part', 'core ingredients', 'iconic projects', 'memorable experiences', 'Innovation Officer', 'innovation mindset', 'one place', 'hospitality industry', 'Performance Design', 'need', 'people', 'planet', 'prosperity', 'Midscale', 'future', 'Video', 'Letter', 'Tomorrow', 'guests', 'emotion', 'example', 'architecture', 'talents', 'headjudge', 'driver', 'growth', 'empowerment', 'owners', 'role', 'value', 'investors', 'tools', 'question', 'hotel', 'way', 'Risks', 'transformation', 'travel', 'locals', 'strategy', 'segments', 'everyone', 'home', 'MGallery', 'boundaries', 'kind', 'recipe', 'everything', 'surprises', 'secret', 'challenge', 'beauty', 'ideas', 'leitmotiv', 'change', 'rich', 'creativity', 'play', 'forefront', 'mold']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,hospitalitynet.org
30765,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROPEAN-HEALTHCARE-ACQUI-129457819/news/European-Healthcare-Acquisition-Growth-B-Halfjaarlijkse-financiele-verslaggeving-44946066/,European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth B : Halfjaarlijkse financiële verslaggeving -September 28  2023 at 03:08 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023   European Healthcare   Acquisition & Growth   Company B.V.     CONTENTS   Interim Board Report   Unaudited Interim Condensed Financial Statements   1  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/q…,"HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V.CONTENTS Interim Board Report Unaudited Interim Condensed Financial Statements 1INTERIM BOARD REPORT This half-year report of European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. (the ""Company"") for the first six months of its financial year 2023 consists of the interim report of the board of directors of the Company (the ""Board"" and such report the ""Interim Board Report"")  including the responsibility statement  other mandatory statements by the Board  the unaudited interim condensed financial statements of the Company (the ""Interim Financial Statements"") and the accompanying notes (the ""Half-YearReport""). 1. ABOUT EUROPEAN HEALTHCARE ACQUISITION & GROWTH COMPANY B.V. 1.1. General European Healthcare Acquisition & Growth Company B.V. was incorporated on 9 July 2021 in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  as a Dutch operators-led special purpose acquisition company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) with its business address in Munich  Germany. The Company's Class A Ordinary Shares (as defined below) were admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam (the ""Admission"")  the regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (""Euronext Amsterdam"") on 18 November 2021 pursuant to a private placement (the ""Private Placement"") in which it raised €200 million in gross proceeds (the ""Proceeds"") in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Company's prospectus which was issued on 16 November 2021 (the ""Prospectus""). Payment for the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants (as defined below) (""Settlement"") took place on 22 November 2021 (the ""Settlement Date""). The Company has been established for the purpose of entering into a business combination with an operating business in the form of a merger  share exchange  asset acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with  or acquisition of  one or more target companies or businesses with the purpose of creating a single business (a ""Business Combination""). The Company intends to focus on companies or businesses with principal operations in Europe in the healthcare sector  with a special focus on the subsectors Biotechnology and Specialty Pharma  Pharma Services  Medical Technology and Medical Devices  Diagnostic and Lab Services  Bioinformatics as well as Life Science Tools (the ""Specific Healthcare Sectors""). The Company intends to acquire the shares in one or more target companies and subsequently provide management services to the target(s) for remuneration. Pursuant to the Prospectus  EHC has until 17 November 2023 to complete a business combination (the ""Business Combination Deadline""). If the Company intends to complete a Business Combination  it will convene a general meeting and propose the Business Combination for consideration and approval by the Class A Ordinary Shareholders (as defined below) and the holders of Founder Shares (as defined below) (the ""Business Combination EGM""). The resolution to effect a Business Combination will require the prior approval by a majority of at least (i) a simple majority of the votes cast or (ii) in the event that the Business Combination is structured as a merger  a two-thirds majority of the votes cast if less than half of the issued share capital is present or represented at the Business Combination EGM. 2Since the Private Placement  the Board has been focusing on finding the right target company for the Company. The Board has had early-stage as well as more advanced discussions with a number of potential target companies. As disclosed on 22 December 2022  the Company entered into a business combination agreement with Croma-Pharma GmbH (""Croma"") and the Croma shareholders (the ""Business Combination Agreement""). EHC decided to remove the voting items on the agenda of the general meeting of 27 June 2023 relating to the entering into and approval of the business combination with Croma. This decision was based on the results of the redemption period and secured private investments in public equity (""PIPE"") proceeds as well as further discussions with potential investors  EHC's shareholders  Croma and the Croma shareholders. Such discussions did not result in sufficient PIPE proceeds or a further amendment of the minimum cash condition. Eventually  EHC  Croma and the Croma shareholders decided on 7 August 2023 to terminate the Business Combination Agreement and their discussions due to differing views on the valuation of Croma at that moment. At the date of this Half-Year Report  the Company has not yet selected a new target company that could be proposed to the Business Combination EGM. On 20 September 2023 the Board announced that it intends to convene an extraordinary general meeting to request EHC's shareholders to extend the Business Combination Deadline. The Board furthermore announced that it will launch a redemption offer for the Class A Ordinary Shares and seek the approval of the holders of the Public Warrants (as defined below) to have the Public Warrants expire worthless immediately following the initial Business Combination Deadline  i.e. 17 November 2023. Upon expiry of the Public Warrants the Sponsors (as defined below) will forfeit their Sponsor Warrants (as defined below). 1.2. Company structure 1.2.1. Sponsors The founders of the Company are BAUR I&C GmbH  RNRI GmbH  CCC Investment GmbH  SO I GmbH  PS Capital Management GmbH and Winners & Co. GmbH (the ""Sponsors"") which are affiliates of the Company's directors  Dr Cornelius Baur  Dr Thomas Rudolph  Dr Axel Herberg  Dr Stefan Oschmann  Mr Peer M. Schatz and Mr Stefan Winners  respectively. 1.2.2. Capital structure The Sponsors hold 6 666 666 convertible class B shares in the share capital of the Company  at a nominal value of €0.01 per share (the ""Founder Shares""). The Founder Shares represent 25% of the Company's voting rights (not taking into account any Treasury Shares (as defined below)). The Company has completed its Private Placement for the issuance of 20 000 000 public units (the ""Public Units"" and each a ""Public Unit"") at a price per Public Unit of €10.00. Each Public Unit consists of: (i) one class A ordinary share in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of €0.01 per share (the ""Class A Ordinary Shares""  and each a ""Class A Ordinary Share""  also referred to as the ""Public Shares"" or the ""redeemable Ordinary Shares""  and a holder of one or more Class A Ordinary Shares  a ""Class A Ordinary Shareholder""); and (ii) one-third (1/3) of a redeemable class A warrant (each whole warrant a ""Public Warrant"" and together the ""Public Warrants""  also referred to as the ""Market Warrants""). Class A Ordinary Shareholders may redeem all or a portion of their Class A Ordinary Shares upon the completion of the Business Combination  subject to complying with applicable law and satisfaction of certain conditions. The gross repurchase price of a Class A Ordinary Share in connection with a Business Combination is equal to its pro rata share of funds in the Escrow Account 3",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Halfjaarlijkse financiële verslaggeving', 'European Healthcare Acquisition', 'Growth B', 'September', '03:08', 'Dutch operators-led special purpose acquisition company', 'Unaudited Interim Condensed Financial Statements', 'Class A Ordinary Shares', 'Growth Company B.V.', 'Class A Ordinary Shareholders', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'General European Healthcare Acquisition', 'CONTENTS Interim Board Report', 'Interim Financial Statements', 'other mandatory statements', 'first six months', 'Life Science Tools', 'Specific Healthcare Sectors', 'minimum cash condition', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'similar business combination', 'Business Combination Deadline', 'Business Combination EGM', 'business combination agreement', 'right target company', 'new target company', 'potential target companies', 'sufficient PIPE proceeds', 'special focus', 'interim report', 'financial year', 'asset acquisition', 'Founder Shares', 'target(s', 'potential investors', 'business address', 'operating business', 'single business', 'HALF-YEAR REPORT', 'private company', 'responsibility statement', 'accompanying notes', 'limited liability', 'besloten vennootschap', 'regulated market', 'private placement', 'Public Warrants', 'The Company', 'share exchange', 'share purchase', 'principal operations', 'Specialty Pharma', 'Pharma Services', 'Medical Technology', 'Medical Devices', 'Lab Services', 'management services', 'share capital', 'Croma-Pharma GmbH', 'voting items', 'redemption period', 'private investments', 'public equity', 'differing views', 'redemption offer', 'gross proceeds', 'The Board', 'simple majority', 'two-thirds majority', 'advanced discussions', 'Such discussions', 'Croma shareholders', 'prior approval', 'Settlement Date', 'directors', 'Half-YearReport', '9 July', 'Netherlands', 'laws', 'beperkte', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'Admission', '18 November', 'terms', 'conditions', 'prospectus', '16 November', 'Payment', '22 November', 'form', 'merger', 'reorganisation', 'businesses', 'subsectors', 'Biotechnology', 'Diagnostic', 'remuneration', 'EHC', '17 November', 'consideration', 'resolution', 'votes', 'event', 'less', 'early-stage', 'number', '22 December', 'agenda', '27 June', 'entering', 'decision', 'results', 'amendment', '7 August', 'moment', '20 September']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30766,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THUNDERBIRD-RESORTS-120790848/news/Thunderbird-Resorts-Halfjaarlijkse-financiele-verslaggeving-44946067/,Thunderbird Resorts : Halfjaarlijkse financiële verslaggeving -September 28  2023 at 03:08 pm EDT,"(marketscreener.com)   2023 HALF-YEAR REPORT     Cautionary Note   (Thunderbird Resorts Inc. is a British Virgin Islands company limited by shares   with its registered office in Tortola  British Virgin Islands)   Cautionary Note on ""forward-l…","Cautionary Note(Thunderbird Resorts Inc. is a British Virgin Islands company limited by shareswith its registered office in Tortola  British Virgin Islands)Cautionary Note on ""forward-looking statements""This 2023 Half-year Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws and regulations of various international  national  and local jurisdictions. All statements  other than statements of historical fact  included herein  including without limitation  statements regarding potential revenue  future plans  and objectives of Thunderbird Resorts Inc.  are forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. There can be no assurances that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Group's forward-looking statements include competitive pressures  unfavorable changes in regulatory structures  and general risks associated with business  all of which are disclosed under the heading ""Risk Factors"" and elsewhere in the Group's documents filed from time-to-time with the Euronext Amsterdam exchange (""Euronext Amsterdam"") and other regulatory authorities.Thunderbird Resorts Inc. is sometimes referred to herein as ""Company"" or ""Group."" All currencies are in US dollars unless stated otherwise.Thunderbird Resorts | Half-year Report 2023 2",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Halfjaarlijkse financiële verslaggeving', 'Thunderbird Resorts', 'September', '03:08', 'British Virgin Islands company', 'various international, national', 'Thunderbird Resorts Inc.', 'other regulatory authorities', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'regulatory structures', 'Cautionary Note', 'registered office', '2023 Half-year Report', 'securities laws', 'local jurisdictions', 'historical fact', 'potential revenue', 'future plans', 'actual results', 'Important factors', 'competitive pressures', 'unfavorable changes', 'general risks', 'US dollars', 'Risk Factors', 'looking statements', 'shares', 'Tortola', 'forward', 'meaning', 'regulations', 'limitation', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'assurances', 'Group', 'business', 'heading', 'documents', 'time', 'currencies']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30767,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANTIN-INFRASTRUCTURE-PART-127080817/news/Antin-Infrastructure-Partners-S-A-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-44946103/,Antin Infrastructure Partners S A : Inside Information / Other news releases -September 28  2023 at 03:15 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Issuance of shares following first vesting of free share plan   Regulated information   New York  Paris  London | 28 September 2023   Antin Infrastructure Partners announces the vesting on 27 September 2023 of 4 216 611 ordin…,"Issuance of shares following first vesting of free share planRegulated informationNew York  Paris  London | 28 September 2023Antin Infrastructure Partners announces the vesting on 27 September 2023 of 4 216 611 ordinary shares granted to the next generation of Partners as part of the free share plan at the time of the Initial Public Offering (the ""IPO""). These shares were issued today  increasing the share capital by an amount of €42 166.11.For the sole purpose of covering their tax liabilities arising from the vesting and payable in cash immediately thereafter  the Executive Committee granted permission to four beneficiaries of the free share plan to sell a portion of their newly issued shares  in accordance with the rules of the free share plan. The lock-up put in place at the time of the IPO remains unchanged. All shares owned by the Partners at the time of the IPO continue to be wholly owned as per the stated lock-up obligations.All shares sold by the beneficiaries of the free share plan were acquired by Antin and a group of Partners. In this context  the following transactions were realised:Antin acquired 300 000 shares for a total amount of €3 792 000 using the authorisation granted by shareholders at the 2023 Annual Shareholders' Meeting. The acquired shares are intended to be allocated over the coming years to future share-based compensation schemes in the ordinary course of business;share-based compensation schemes in the ordinary course of business; A group of Partners have acquired 1 178 370 shares  collectively investing €14 833 397 in Antin. This includes 850 960 shares acquired by Alain Rauscher  Chairman and CEO.The vesting of free shares and the subsequent transactions further strengthen the alignment of interest between Partners and shareholders  and demonstrate the Partners' strong confidence in Antin's growth and value-creation potential.About Antin Infrastructure PartnersAntin Infrastructure Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on infrastructure. With over €30bn in Assets under Management across its Flagship  Mid Cap and NextGen investment strategies  Antin targets investments in the energy and environment  digital  transport and social infrastructure sectors. With offices in Paris  London  New York  Singapore and Luxembourg  Antin employs over 200 professionals dedicated to growing  improving and transforming infrastructure businesses while delivering long-term value to portfolio companies and investors. Majority owned by its partners  Antin is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: ANTIN - ISIN: FR0014005AL0).MediaNicolle Graugnard  Communication DirectorEmail:media@antin-ip.com",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Antin Infrastructure Partners', 'Other news releases', 'Inside Information', 'September', '03:15', 'leading private equity firm', 'future share-based compensation schemes', 'Initial Public Offering', 'NextGen investment strategies', 'free share plan', 'social infrastructure sectors', ""2023 Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Antin Infrastructure Partners', 'share capital', 'infrastructure businesses', 'free shares', 'Regulated information', 'New York', 'next generation', 'sole purpose', 'tax liabilities', 'Executive Committee', 'following transactions', 'coming years', 'ordinary course', 'Alain Rauscher', 'subsequent transactions', 'strong confidence', 'value-creation potential', 'Mid Cap', 'long-term value', 'portfolio companies', 'compartment A', 'regulated market', 'Nicolle Graugnard', 'Communication Director', 'four beneficiaries', 'lock-up obligations', 'total amount', 'Euronext Paris', 'first vesting', '4,216,611 ordinary shares', '300,000 shares', '1,178,370 shares', '850,960 shares', 'Issuance', 'London', 'September', 'time', 'IPO', 'cash', 'permission', 'portion', 'accordance', 'rules', 'place', 'group', 'context', 'authorisation', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'alignment', 'interest', 'growth', 'Assets', 'Management', 'Flagship', 'investments', 'energy', 'environment', 'digital', 'transport', 'offices', 'Singapore', 'Luxembourg', '200 professionals', 'transforming', 'investors', 'Majority', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'Media', 'Email']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30768,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYDROGENE-DE-FRANCE-124047110/news/Hydrogene-De-France-Positive-progress-on-projects-at-advanced-stage-of-development-and-rollout-44945380/,Hydrogène De France : Positive progress on projects at advanced stage of development and rollout of the industrial project -September 28  2023 at 12:45 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)  Bordeaux  28 September 2023 – Hydrogène de France   a developer of large-scale hydrogen infrastructure and manufacturer of high-power fuel cells  presents its business activity and financial statements for the first half of 2023. The c…,"Bordeaux  28 September 2023 – Hydrogène de France (“HDF Energy” or the “Company” – Euronext Paris: HDF)  a developer of large-scale hydrogen infrastructure and manufacturer of high-power fuel cells  presents its business activity and financial statements for the first half of 2023. The consolidated half-year financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 September 2023.Key figures H1 2023 H1 2022 Revenues (€000) 1 437 1 746 Gains on disposal of securities2 (€000) - 1 041 Consolidated net income/(loss) (€000) (2 992) (846) First half average headcount1 78 51 Key figures 30/06/2023 31/12/2022 Capacity of plants under development (MW) 909 751 Shareholders' equity (€000) 105 327 107 410 Cash and cash equivalents (€000) 76 736 87 359Employees and contractors in countries where the Company has no dedicated legal entity Sale of shares to investors in SPVsCommercial rollout and strengthening of technical teamsProspecting initiatives in 2022 enabled us to expand the portfolio of projects under development  which had increased by over 20% at 30 June 2023 compared to 31 December 2022.Portfolio monitoring provides the earliest indicator of HDF's value creation for both the group and all project stakeholders. The HDF group estimates that it is able to generate revenues representing between 12% and 17% of the cost of construction during the development and construction phases  including via the provision of engineering services and supply of fuel cells during the power plant construction phase.After focusing mainly on commercial rollout in 2022  the priority for early 2023 was to strengthen the central technical teams in order to ensure monitoring of the excellent sales results achieved in 2022  as reflected in the business portfolio. Accordingly  the Technical Division hired 17 new employees  mainly at head office.Construction of the Blanquefort plant and consolidation of the industrial projectThe deployment of technical teams includes the teams dedicated to the launch of fuel cell manufacturing in 2024 following the delivery of the Blanquefort plant scheduled for late 2023. Nearly €6 million was invested in this area during the first half.Meanwhile  the group is expanding its deployment strategy in the marine and rail mobility sectors by acquiring equity interests in Digas  a Latvian company specialising in locomotive retrofitting  and Hynaval (after the 30 June balance sheet date)  which specialises in the design  manufacture and retrofitting of hydrogen-powered ships. These two investments support strategic partnerships aimed at combining these companies' business expertise with HDF's experience throughout the hydrogen value chain.The relevant European Commission departments are currently examining the IPCEI application (Important Project of Common European Interest). The decision is now expected by mid-2024 and will allow the group to step up the project's implementation.Half-year results reflecting commercial and technical investmentsConsolidated revenues for H1 2023 totalled €1.4 million versus €1.7 million in H1 2022. This mainly corresponds to revenues recognised under the Renewstable Barbados (RSB) project development contract and includes re-invoicing  without margin  for services outsourced to external service providers for €0.5 million (compared to €0.05 million in H1 2022).Due to delays in project development and in the sale of shares to investors in certain SPVs  we were not able to generate consolidated revenues corresponding to the services rendered for our most advanced projects  other than RSB  during the first half. Invoicing issued by HDF in H1 2023 for project management assistance services for projects over which the group will retain control  the impact of which is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements  amounted to €0.7 million  versus €1.6 million in H1 2022. This value creation will be recognised indirectly through gains or losses on disposal of the investments when control is lost.Accordingly  in 2022 the group posted a €1 million gain on disposal following the loss of control in RSB (compared to zero gains or losses on disposals in H1 2023).The acceleration of the development plan and team structuring drive led to an increase in operating expenses. Average headcount (employees and contractors) rose from 51 in H1 2022 to 78 in H1 2023.Despite the significant financial profit derived from cash investments  the group posted a €3.0 million consolidated net loss for H1 2023  compared to a €0.8 million loss in H1 2022.Solid financial structure  promising outlookAt 30 June 2023  Group shareholders' equity stood at €105.3 million compared to €107.4 million at 31 December 2022. Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €76.7 million  down from €87.4 million at 31 December 2022 as a result of the industrial investments made during the period.As such  the Company still has the financial means required to continue its development and accelerate its commercial rollout.In French Guiana  various demonstrations have held up construction work on the CEOG power plant  which was temporarily suspended for several months in 2023. Construction work resumed on 16 August 2023. On this occasion  HDF paid a €0.3 million current account advance in August 2023 and committed on 7 September 2023 to the payment of an additional €0.95 million staggered over the plant construction phase. This landmark project remains profitable for HDF despite this additional financing.Discussions are currently underway regarding the schedule for the transferral of fuel cell ownership to Siemens Energy in 2023 or 2024  when HDF will recognise the corresponding revenues.The strong momentum observed in 2022 has continued into 2023 with the signing of partnerships  notably with the governments of Indonesia and Philippines.HDF Energy is therefore entering the coming months with confidence.Damien Havard  Chairman and CEO of Hydrogène de France  said: “In line with our strategic plan  prospecting and team structuring have continued since the beginning of 2023. The positive progress made on projects under development gives us confidence in the future economic benefits. All our teams are committed to this goal. The industrial component is currently being rolled out and new markets are taking shape through concrete partnerships. Our solid financial structure is a source of confidence for planning the plant's commissioning and the development of these new markets.”ABOUT HYDROGÈNE DE FRANCE (HDF Energy)HDF Energy is a leading global player in the hydrogen industry  dedicated to developing large-scale hydrogen infrastructure and advanced multi-megawatt fuel cell technology. Its primary focus lies in decarbonizing the power  heavy mobility and industrial sectors with cutting-edge H2 solutions.With its flagship model  the Renewstable® turnkey hydrogen power plant  HDF Energy delivers green  stable  and baseload power by seamlessly integrating intermittent renewable energy sources with substantial on-site energy storage in the form of green hydrogen. Backed by a team of hydrogen infrastructure experts with a decade of hands-on technical experience across the entire value chain  HDF Energy has already built an important portfolio of projects in advanced stages of development.Furthermore  HDF Energy stands out with its technological know-how in the development of multi-MW fuel cells. In 2024  the Group will start mass production at its state-of-the-art factory near Bordeaux. HDF Energy's fuel cells will be integrated into hydrogen power plants  freight locomotives and vessels.Headquartered in France  HDF Energy has regional offices in Latin America  the Caribbean  Asia  Africa  and Oceania with 30+ nationalities among its staff. Since 2021  the Group has been listed on the Euronext Paris stock market  member of the Euronext Tech Leaders segment.For more information: www.hdf-energy.comContactsInvestor Relations Media Relations Hélène de Watteville+ 33 (0)1 53 67 36 33hdf-energy@actus.fr Serena BONI+33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lWlrlZuZlGzImZ9qYchonGiUammWm5OXmWrJmGdwaMfFb3FmlWppl5nJZnFjlWpt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82057-hdf_resultats-30-juin-2023-vdef_eng.docx.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.47,0.52,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.13,0.63,True,English,"['Hydrogène De France', 'Positive progress', 'advanced stage', 'industrial project', 'projects', 'development', 'rollout', 'September', '12:45', 'Hydrogène de France', 'relevant European Commission departments', 'dedicated legal entity Sale', '30 June balance sheet date', 'power plant construction phase', 'project management assistance services', 'First half average headcount1', 'consolidated half-year financial statements', '€3.0 million consolidated net loss', 'RSB) project development contract', '1,041 Consolidated net income', 'Common European Interest', 'large-scale hydrogen infrastructure', 'rail mobility sectors', 'external service providers', 'team structuring drive', 'fuel cell manufacturing', 'significant financial profit', 'Solid financial structure', 'excellent sales results', 'hydrogen value chain', 'high-power fuel cells', 'central technical teams', ""Group shareholders' equity"", 'The HDF group', 'Half-year results', ""909 751 Shareholders' equity"", 'Blanquefort plant', '€1 million gain', '€0.8 million loss', 'financial means', 'project stakeholders', 'industrial project', 'Important Project', 'Consolidated revenues', 'value creation', 'equity interests', 'Technical Division', 'Euronext Paris', 'business activity', 'Key figures', 'Prospecting initiatives', 'earliest indicator', 'construction phases', 'engineering services', 'head office', 'hydrogen-powered ships', 'strategic partnerships', 'business expertise', 'IPCEI application', 'technical investments', 'Renewstable Barbados', 'operating expenses', 'promising outlook', 'French Guiana', 'various demonstrations', 'construction work', 'two investments', 'industrial investments', 'Commercial rollout', 'development plan', 'business portfolio', 'cash equivalents', 'HDF Energy', 'deployment strategy', 'locomotive retrofitting', 'cash investments', '17 new employees', 'advanced projects', 'zero gains', 'Latvian company', 'Portfolio monitoring', '1,746 Gains', 'Bordeaux', 'developer', 'manufacturer', 'Board', 'Directors', '27 September', 'disposal', 'securities2', 'Capacity', 'plants', 'MW', 'contractors', 'countries', 'shares', 'investors', 'SPVs', 'strengthening', '31 December', 'cost', 'provision', 'supply', 'priority', 'early 2023', 'order', 'consolidation', 'launch', 'delivery', 'late', 'area', 'marine', 'Digas', 'Hynaval', 'design', 'companies', 'experience', 'decision', 'mid-20', 'implementation', 'H1', 'invoicing', 'margin', 'delays', 'control', 'impact', 'losses', 'acceleration', 'increase', 'period']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30769,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/eutelsat-and-oneweb-complete-allshare-combination-to-form-eutelsat-group-93CH-3185331,Eutelsat and Oneweb Complete All-Share Combination to Form Eutelsat Group By Investing.com,Eutelsat and Oneweb Complete All-Share Combination to Form Eutelsat Group,Published Sep 28  2023 09:58AM ET© Reuters.ETL +3.04% Add to/Remove from WatchlistEutelsat Communications (OTC: ) and British satellite giant OneWeb have completed their all-share combination  forming the Eutelsat Group  announced on Thursday. This move situates the newly formed entity as a European contender to Elon Musk's space internet venture  Starlink. The combination was approved at the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of Eutelsat shareholders and has led to a surge in Eutelsat shares by about 3.5%.According to InvestingPro's real-time metrics  Eutelsat Communications (ETL) has a market cap of 394.68M USD and a P/E ratio of 4.48. The company's revenue growth stands at 15.68% and it has maintained dividend payments for 17 consecutive years  as per InvestingPro Tips.The Eutelsat Group  with its headquarters remaining in Paris  will continue to have OneWeb as a subsidiary operating commercially as Eutelsat OneWeb  maintaining its center of operations in London. The company remains listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange and has applied for a standard listing on the London Stock Exchange.OneWeb  on the other hand  operates with a significant debt burden  as indicated by InvestingPro Tips. Its market cap is 158.38M USD and its P/E ratio is -23.87  as per InvestingPro's real-time metrics. Despite its financial challenges  the company's network is already active and is set to be globally operational by the end of 2023.The merger has strategically positioned Eutelsat Group to be a global leader in space communications. The combination of Eutelsat’s geostationary orbit (GEO) fleet with the low latency and ubiquity of OneWeb’s low Earth orbit (LEO) constellation aims to offer customers global  fully integrated connectivity services.This combined GEO-LEO service will open up new markets and applications for customers  including Fixed Connectivity (Backhaul  Corporate networks)  Government Services  and Mobile Connectivity (Maritime and Inflight). The group also plans to continue delivering innovative services for customers such as new IP native video services at the convergence of broadband and broadcast.The combined entity is projected to grow at a double-digit revenue compound annual growth rate (CAGR) over the medium to long-term  reaching approximately €2 billion in 2027. Adjusted EBITDA for the combined entity is also expected to grow at a double-digit CAGR over the same period  outpacing revenue growth.Dominique D’Hinnin  Chairman of the Board of Directors  expressed his confidence in the new combination  stating that they are prepared to offer connectivity and services that will support global economic and social development. Sunil Bharti Mittal  Vice-Président (Co-Chair) of the Board of Directors  echoed this sentiment  highlighting the transformative potential of the merger for communities and businesses worldwide. Eva Berneke  Chief Executive Officer  emphasized that Eutelsat Group is now uniquely positioned to offer a ubiquitous connectivity service.The completion of this merger comes as competition intensifies within the multibillion-dollar space industry  which Morgan Stanley estimates could be worth more than $1 trillion by 2040. The Eutelsat Group aims to leverage its combined strategy  technology  and talent to deliver across several markets and verticals. For more insights and tips  readers can refer to InvestingPro  which offers additional relevant financial tips and real-time metrics.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['Oneweb Complete All-Share Combination', 'Eutelsat Group', 'Investing', 'double-digit revenue compound annual growth rate', 'new IP native video services', 'global, fully integrated connectivity services', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'additional relevant financial tips', 'British satellite giant', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'London Stock Exchange', 'significant debt burden', 'Dominique D’Hinnin', 'Sunil Bharti Mittal', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'space internet venture', 'multibillion-dollar space industry', 'low Earth orbit', 'The Eutelsat Group', 'revenue growth', 'double-digit CAGR', 'financial challenges', 'global leader', 'new markets', 'Government Services', 'innovative services', 'global economic', 'space communications', 'geostationary orbit', 'low latency', 'new combination', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Eutelsat shareholders', 'Eutelsat shares', 'European contender', 'Elon Musk', 'real-time metrics', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', '17 consecutive years', 'standard listing', 'other hand', 'GEO) fleet', 'LEO) constellation', 'GEO-LEO service', 'Corporate networks', 'same period', 'social development', 'Vice-Président', 'transformative potential', 'Eva Berneke', 'Morgan Stanley', 'several markets', 'T&C.', 'InvestingPro Tips', 'share combination', 'Eutelsat OneWeb', 'combined entity', 'Sep', 'Reuters', 'ETL', 'Watchlist', 'OTC', 'Thursday', 'move', 'Starlink', 'surge', 'company', 'payments', 'headquarters', 'subsidiary', 'center', 'operations', 'merger', 'customers', 'applications', 'Backhaul', 'Maritime', 'Inflight', 'convergence', 'broadband', 'broadcast', 'medium', 'long-term', 'EBITDA', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'confidence', 'sentiment', 'communities', 'businesses', 'completion', 'competition', 'strategy', 'technology', 'talent', 'verticals', 'insights', 'readers', 'article', 'support', 'editor', 'information', '©', '394.', '15.']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,investing.com
30770,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-FRANCE-KLM-158764802/news/Air-France-KLM-launches-its-Employee-Shareholding-Plan-44944912/,Air France-KLM launches its Employee Shareholding Plan,"(marketscreener.com) Paris  September 28  2023 Air France-KLM is launching a global employee share purchase plan Air France-KLM announces its intention to launch ""Partners for the future""  an employee share purchase plan offered to around 75.000 eligible empl…","Paris  September 28  2023Air France-KLM is launching a global employee share purchaseplanAir France-KLM (PARIS:AF) announces its intention to launch ""Partners for the future""  an employee share purchase plan offered to around 75.000 eligible employees in 20 countries. The objective of this plan is to strengthen the link between Air France-KLM and its employees by giving them a long-term stake in the Group's objectives  performance and future success.The offer ""Partners for the future"" is deployed in Australia  Brazil  Canada  Chile  China  Czech Republic  France  French Polynesia  Germany  Hungary  India  Italy  Mauritius  Mexico  Netherlands  Philippines  Singapore  Spain  United Kingdom and United States of America. Around 95% of Air France-KLM’s workforce will thus have the opportunity to participate.The proposed shares will be issued as part of a capital increase that may not exceed 3% of Air France-KLM's share capital. This operation is carried out in accordance with the 34th and 35th resolutions of the Annual General Meeting of June 7  2023.The offer is made within the framework of the Employee Savings Plan  the Group Employee Savings Plan and the International Group Employee Savings Plan set up by the Air France-KLM group.Mr. Benjamin Smith  Group CEO  stated: ""We are very proud to launch this global employee share purchase plan which reflects our determination to recognize the commitment of our employees to the company. With this plan  we are offering our colleagues an ever-closer involvement in the Group's development  its prospects and the sharing of the value we are striving to create collectively.""Terms of the operationEligible employees will be able to subscribe at a discounted price with the benefit of a matching contribution from the Air France-KLM group. The subscription price of the shares will be equal to the arithmetic average of the quoted closing prices of the Air France-KLM share on Euronext Paris over the 20 trading days preceding the date of the price fixing  minus a discount of 30%.The shares will be subject to a 5-year lock-up period  except in case of exceptional early exit events allowed in the employee's country of subscription. The shares will be subscribed via a collective investment fund ""Fonds commun de placement d'entreprise"" (FCPE) or  in some countries  directly by the employees.The new shares will carry dividend rights and will be fully assimilated to existing shares as soon as they are issued (ISIN code: FR001400J770).Indicative timetable of the operationDate of the decision fixing the subscription price: November 7  2023.Subscription period: from November 13 to 24  2023.Capital increase: December 21  2023.These dates are given for indicative purposes only and may be modified due to events affecting the proper conduct of the operation.***International disclaimerThis press release does not constitute a sale offer or a solicitation to subscribe for Air France-KLM shares. Outside of France  the offer is reserved to the beneficiaries mentioned in this press release and will only be implemented in countries where such transaction has been registered with or notified to the appropriate local authority  or in light of an exemption from the obligation to draw up a prospectus or to register or notify the offer. This press release in not intended for countries where the offer is subject to approval by the competent authorities.In more general terms  the offer will only be implemented in countries where all the required registration procedures and/or notifications have been carried out and the necessary authorizations have been obtained.Investor RelationsMichiel Klinkers Marouane Mamimichiel.klinkers@airfranceklm.com mamami@airfranceklm.comWebsite: www.airfranceklm.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.34,0.27,True,English,"['Employee Shareholding Plan', 'Air France-KLM', 'global employee share purchase plan', 'International Group Employee Savings Plan', 'Fonds commun de placement', 'global employee share purchaseplan', 'exceptional early exit events', 'Mr. Benjamin Smith', 'collective investment fund', 'appropriate local authority', 'Annual General Meeting', '5-year lock-up period', 'Air France-KLM share', 'Air France-KLM group', 'share capital', 'International disclaimer', 'Group CEO', 'Subscription period', 'long-term stake', 'Czech Republic', 'French Polynesia', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'capital increase', '35th resolutions', 'closer involvement', 'matching contribution', 'arithmetic average', 'closing prices', '20 trading days', 'ISIN code', 'Indicative timetable', 'indicative purposes', 'proper conduct', 'press release', 'competent authorities', 'general terms', 'registration procedures', 'necessary authorizations', 'Investor Relations', 'Marouane Mami', 'price fixing', 'new shares', 'existing shares', 'subscription price', 'Michiel Klinkers', '75.000 eligible employees', 'future success', 'Euronext Paris', 'sale offer', 'AF', 'intention', 'Partners', '20 countries', 'objective', 'performance', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'Chile', 'China', 'Germany', 'Hungary', 'India', 'Italy', 'Mauritius', 'Mexico', 'Netherlands', 'Philippines', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'America', 'workforce', 'opportunity', 'proposed', 'operation', 'accordance', '34th', 'June', 'framework', 'determination', 'commitment', 'company', 'colleagues', 'development', 'prospects', 'sharing', 'value', 'benefit', 'date', 'discount', 'case', 'country', 'entreprise', 'FCPE', 'rights', 'decision', 'November', 'December', 'solicitation', 'beneficiaries', 'transaction', 'light', 'exemption', 'obligation', 'prospectus', 'approval', 'notifications', 'mamami', 'Website', 'airfranceklm', 'Attachment']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30771,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751461/0/en/Air-France-KLM-launches-its-Employee-Shareholding-Plan.html,Air France-KLM launches its Employee Shareholding Plan,Paris  September 28  2023  Air France-KLM is launching a global employee share purchase plan  Air France-KLM (PARIS:AF) announces its intention to...,"Paris  September 28  2023Air France-KLM is launching a global employee share purchase planAir France-KLM (PARIS:AF) announces its intention to launch ""Partners for the future""  an employee share purchase plan offered to around 75.000 eligible employees in 20 countries. The objective of this plan is to strengthen the link between Air France-KLM and its employees by giving them a long-term stake in the Group's objectives  performance and future success.The offer ""Partners for the future"" is deployed in Australia  Brazil  Canada  Chile  China  Czech Republic  France  French Polynesia  Germany  Hungary  India  Italy  Mauritius  Mexico  Netherlands  Philippines  Singapore  Spain  United Kingdom and United States of America. Around 95% of Air France-KLM’s workforce will thus have the opportunity to participate.The proposed shares will be issued as part of a capital increase that may not exceed 3% of Air France-KLM's share capital. This operation is carried out in accordance with the 34th and 35th resolutions of the Annual General Meeting of June 7  2023.The offer is made within the framework of the Employee Savings Plan  the Group Employee Savings Plan and the International Group Employee Savings Plan set up by the Air France-KLM group.Mr. Benjamin Smith  Group CEO  stated: ""We are very proud to launch this global employee share purchase plan which reflects our determination to recognize the commitment of our employees to the company. With this plan  we are offering our colleagues an ever-closer involvement in the Group's development  its prospects and the sharing of the value we are striving to create collectively.""Terms of the operationEligible employees will be able to subscribe at a discounted price with the benefit of a matching contribution from the Air France-KLM group. The subscription price of the shares will be equal to the arithmetic average of the quoted closing prices of the Air France-KLM share on Euronext Paris over the 20 trading days preceding the date of the price fixing  minus a discount of 30%.The shares will be subject to a 5-year lock-up period  except in case of exceptional early exit events allowed in the employee's country of subscription. The shares will be subscribed via a collective investment fund ""Fonds commun de placement d'entreprise"" (FCPE) or  in some countries  directly by the employees.The new shares will carry dividend rights and will be fully assimilated to existing shares as soon as they are issued (ISIN code: FR001400J770).Indicative timetable of the operationDate of the decision fixing the subscription price: November 7  2023.Subscription period: from November 13 to 24  2023.Capital increase: December 21  2023.These dates are given for indicative purposes only and may be modified due to events affecting the proper conduct of the operation.***International disclaimerThis press release does not constitute a sale offer or a solicitation to subscribe for Air France-KLM shares. Outside of France  the offer is reserved to the beneficiaries mentioned in this press release and will only be implemented in countries where such transaction has been registered with or notified to the appropriate local authority  or in light of an exemption from the obligation to draw up a prospectus or to register or notify the offer. This press release in not intended for countries where the offer is subject to approval by the competent authorities.In more general terms  the offer will only be implemented in countries where all the required registration procedures and/or notifications have been carried out and the necessary authorizations have been obtained.Investor RelationsMichiel Klinkers Marouane Mamimichiel.klinkers@airfranceklm.com mamami@airfranceklm.comWebsite: www.airfranceklm.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.34,0.27,True,English,"['Employee Shareholding Plan', 'Air France-KLM', 'global employee share purchase plan', 'International Group Employee Savings Plan', 'Fonds commun de placement', 'exceptional early exit events', 'Mr. Benjamin Smith', 'collective investment fund', 'appropriate local authority', 'Air France-KLM share', 'Annual General Meeting', '5-year lock-up period', 'Air France-KLM group', 'share capital', 'International disclaimer', 'Group CEO', 'Subscription period', 'long-term stake', 'Czech Republic', 'French Polynesia', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'capital increase', '35th resolutions', 'closer involvement', 'matching contribution', 'arithmetic average', 'closing prices', '20 trading days', 'ISIN code', 'Indicative timetable', 'indicative purposes', 'proper conduct', 'press release', 'competent authorities', 'general terms', 'registration procedures', 'necessary authorizations', 'Investor Relations', 'Marouane Mami', 'price fixing', 'new shares', 'existing shares', 'subscription price', 'Michiel Klinkers', '75.000 eligible employees', 'future success', 'Euronext Paris', 'sale offer', 'September', 'AF', 'intention', 'Partners', '20 countries', 'objective', 'performance', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'Chile', 'China', 'Germany', 'Hungary', 'India', 'Italy', 'Mauritius', 'Mexico', 'Netherlands', 'Philippines', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'America', 'workforce', 'opportunity', 'proposed', 'operation', 'accordance', '34th', 'June', 'framework', 'determination', 'commitment', 'company', 'colleagues', 'development', 'prospects', 'sharing', 'value', 'benefit', 'date', 'discount', 'case', 'country', 'entreprise', 'FCPE', 'rights', 'decision', 'November', 'December', 'solicitation', 'beneficiaries', 'transaction', 'light', 'exemption', 'obligation', 'prospectus', 'approval', 'notifications', 'mamami', 'Website', 'airfranceklm', 'Attachment']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30772,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OTC-MARKETS-GROUP-INC-120792806/news/OTC-Markets-Group-Welcomes-Akobo-Minerals-AB-to-OTCQX-44938625/,OTC Markets Group Welcomes Akobo Minerals AB to OTCQX,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  Sept. 28  2023 -- OTC Markets Group Inc.   operator of regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced Akobo Minerals AB   a Scandinavian-based gold exploration and boutique mining company…,"NEW YORK  Sept. 28  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM)  operator of regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced Akobo Minerals AB (Euronext Growth Oslo: AKOBO; OTCQX: AKOBF)  a Scandinavian-based gold exploration and boutique mining company  has qualified to trade on the OTCQX® Best Market. Akobo Minerals AB upgraded to OTCQX from the Pink® market.Akobo Minerals AB begins trading today on OTCQX under the symbol “AKOBF.” U.S. investors can find current financial disclosure and Real-Time Level 2 quotes for the company on www.otcmarkets.com.Upgrading to the OTCQX Market is an important step for companies seeking to provide transparent trading for their U.S. investors. For companies listed on a qualified international exchange  streamlined market standards enable them to utilize their home market reporting to make their information available in the U.S. To qualify for OTCQX  companies must meet high financial standards  follow best practice corporate governance and demonstrate compliance with applicable securities laws.Jørgen Evjen  CEO of Akobo Minerals  said: ""Today marks a significant milestone for our company as we begin trading on the prestigious OTCQX Best Market in the US. This achievement grants us the invaluable advantage of a freely tradeable security with a US ticker symbol and a USD share quote  opening doors for all US investors to access Akobo shares through their preferred brokers. We are excited about the opportunities this listing presents and remain committed to delivering sustainable growth and value to our shareholders.""B. Riley Securities Inc. acted as the company’s OTCQX sponsor.About Akobo Minerals ABAkobo Minerals is a Scandinavian-based gold exploration and boutique mining company  currently with ongoing exploration and mine operations in the Gambela region and Dima Woreda  Ethiopia. The company has established itself as a leading gold exploration company in Ethiopia through more than 13 years of on-the-ground activity. Akobo Minerals has recently started mine operations of its very promising Segele target. It has an Inferred and Indicated Mineral Resource of 68 000 ounces yielding a world-class gold grade of 22.7 g/ton  combined with an estimated all-in sustaining cost (AISC) of USD 243 per ounce. Still open to depth  the gold mineralised zone continues to expand and will have a positive impact on future resource estimates and mine-life. The exploration license holds numerous promising exploration resource-building prospects in both the vicinity of Segele and in the wider license area. Akobo Minerals has an excellent relationship with local communities all the way up to national authorities and we place environment and social governance (ESG) at the heart of our activities – as demonstrated by a planned industry-leading extending shared value program. Akobo Minerals has built a strong local foothold based upon the principles of sound ethics  transparency  and communication  and is ready to take on new opportunities and ventures as they arise. The company is uniquely positioned to become a major player in the development of the Ethiopian mining industry.About OTC Markets Group Inc.OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM) operates regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities. Our data-driven disclosure standards form the foundation of our three public markets: OTCQX® Best Market  OTCQB® Venture Market and Pink® Open Market.Our OTC Link® Alternative Trading Systems (ATSs) provide critical market infrastructure that broker-dealers rely on to facilitate trading. Our innovative model offers companies more efficient access to the U.S. financial markets.OTC Link ATS  OTC Link ECN and OTC Link NQB are each an SEC regulated ATS  operated by OTC Link LLC  a FINRA and SEC registered broker-dealer  member SIPC.To learn more about how we create better informed and more efficient markets  visit www.otcmarkets.com.Subscribe to the OTC Markets RSS FeedMedia Contact:OTC Markets Group Inc.  +1 (212) 896-4428  media@otcmarkets.com",neutral,0.3,0.68,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['OTC Markets Group', 'Akobo Minerals AB', 'OTCQX', 'OTC Markets RSS Feed Media Contact', 'industry-leading extending shared value program', 'numerous promising exploration resource-building prospects', 'OTC Link® Alternative Trading Systems', 'OTC Markets Group Inc.', 'B. Riley Securities Inc.', 'best practice corporate governance', 'prestigious OTCQX Best Market', 'leading gold exploration company', 'U.S. financial markets', 'OTC Link ATS', 'OTC Link ECN', 'OTC Link NQB', 'OTC Link LLC', 'three public markets', 'Scandinavian-based gold exploration', 'current financial disclosure', 'high financial standards', 'world-class gold grade', 'gold mineralised zone', 'Real-Time Level 2 quotes', 'Jørgen Evjen', 'promising Segele target', 'Indicated Mineral Resource', 'future resource estimates', 'Ethiopian mining industry', 'data-driven disclosure standards', 'streamlined market standards', 'home market reporting', 'OTCQB® Venture Market', 'critical market infrastructure', 'applicable securities laws', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'wider license area', 'strong local foothold', 'OTCQX® Best Market', 'Pink® Open Market', 'qualified international exchange', 'SEC regulated ATS', 'U.S. investors', 'USD share quote', 'boutique mining company', 'Akobo Minerals AB', 'US ticker symbol', 'regulated markets', 'exploration license', 'efficient markets', 'Pink® market', '12,000 U.S.', 'ongoing exploration', 'international securities', 'social governance', 'OTCQX Market', 'US investors', 'sustainable growth', 'local communities', 'Akobo shares', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'important step', 'transparent trading', 'significant milestone', 'invaluable advantage', 'preferred brokers', 'OTCQX sponsor', 'mine operations', 'Gambela region', 'Dima Woreda', 'ground activity', 'sustaining cost', 'positive impact', 'excellent relationship', 'national authorities', 'sound ethics', 'major player', 'innovative model', 'efficient access', 'new opportunities', 'OTCM', 'operator', 'AKOBF', 'companies', 'information', 'compliance', 'CEO', 'Today', 'achievement', 'security', 'doors', 'listing', 'shareholders', '13 years', 'Inferred', '68,000 ounces', '22.7 g', 'AISC', 'depth', 'mine-life', 'vicinity', 'environment', 'ESG', 'heart', 'activities', 'principles', 'transparency', 'communication', 'ventures', 'development', 'foundation', 'ATSs', 'broker-dealers', 'FINRA', 'member', 'SIPC', 'informed']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30773,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/09/28/uk-based-renewables-company-to-take-a-secondary-listing-on-dublin-stock-market/,UK-based renewables company to take a secondary listing on Dublin stock market,Company has market valuation of €324m,Aquila European Renewables is seeking to improve its appeal to investors across the continent. Photograph: Dara Mac DónaillAquila European Renewables  a London-listed renewable energy investment company focused on projects in Europe  is set to take a secondary quotation on the Irish stock market next Monday  as it seeks to improve its appeal to investors across continental Europe.The company  which has a market valuation of close to £280 million (€324 million)  said that the secondary listing on the junior Euronext Growth Dublin market would not involve raising any fresh funds  in a statement on Thursday.Aquila European Renewables  which floated in London in May 2019  had a wind  solar and hydro power portfolio with a capacity of 463.8 megawatts across Scandinavia  Greece  Spain and Portugal at the end of June  according to its latest annual report. It stated at the time of the initial public offering (IPO) that it would target projects in the Republic.“Given the diverse European focus of the company’s strategy and its euro denomination  we believe a European listing will further enhance the company’s marketability and appeal in Europe  thereby also potentially enhancing liquidity of our underlying shares and providing growth opportunities ” Ian Nolan  the company’s chairman  said in the statement.READ MOREAquila European Renewables is advised by German-based Aquila Capital Investmentgesellschaft. Stockbroking firm Numis is the company’s broker and Irish listing sponsor.[ How to save the Irish Stock Exchange ][ HealthBeacon  Dublin’s last IPO  offers cautionary tale as market seeks new stars ]Aquila will become part of a small club of renewable-energy focused companies listed in Euronext Dublin (as the Irish stock exchange is known)  led by Greencoat Renewables  which floated in 2017 and currently has a market value of €1.1 billion.It also includes Corre Energy  an energy storage developer for renewable power firms  which has seen its share price soar from €1 at the time of its IPO two years ago to almost €3.40.The secondary listing has come as a relief to the Irish stock market  which is being squeezed by big corporate exits and a dearth of IPOs in recent times.The Iseq’s previous largest company  CRH  delisted from Euronext Dublin last week as it moved its primary quotation from London to New York. Another heavyweight  Smurfit Kappa  said earlier this month that it plans to quit the Irish market for New York as part of a merger with a US peer.Flutter Entertainment  owner of Paddy Power  is also expected to leave the Irish market in the near future  having decided earlier this year to take out a listing in the US. The last Irish IPO was HealthBeacon in December 2021.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.37,0.43,True,English,"['UK-based renewables company', 'Dublin stock market', 'secondary listing', 'London-listed renewable energy investment company', 'junior Euronext Growth Dublin market', 'Dara Mac Dónaill', 'German-based Aquila Capital Investmentgesellschaft', 'renewable power firms', 'energy storage developer', 'latest annual report', 'initial public offering', 'renewable-energy focused companies', 'big corporate exits', 'diverse European focus', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'hydro power portfolio', 'Aquila European Renewables', 'Irish stock market', 'previous largest company', 'Irish listing sponsor', 'last Irish IPO', 'growth opportunities', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Corre Energy', 'Irish market', 'European listing', 'Greencoat Renewables', 'Paddy Power', 'market valuation', 'market value', 'last IPO', 'secondary quotation', 'secondary listing', 'fresh funds', 'euro denomination', 'underlying shares', 'Ian Nolan', 'Stockbroking firm', 'cautionary tale', 'new stars', 'small club', 'share price', 'recent times', 'The Iseq', 'primary quotation', 'New York', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'near future', 'US peer', 'continental Europe', 'appeal', 'investors', 'Photograph', 'projects', 'statement', 'Thursday', 'May', 'solar', 'capacity', '463.8 megawatts', 'Scandinavia', 'Greece', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'end', 'June', 'Republic', 'strategy', 'marketability', 'liquidity', 'chairman', 'READ', 'Numis', 'broker', 'HealthBeacon', 'part', 'relief', 'dearth', 'IPOs', 'CRH', 'heavyweight', 'merger', 'owner', 'December']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,irishtimes.com
30774,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751640/0/en/NANOBIOTIX-Announces-Presentation-of-First-Data-From-Phase-1-Study-Evaluating-NBTXR3-for-Patients-With-Locally-Advanced-Pancreatic-Cancer.html,NANOBIOTIX Announces Presentation of First Data From Phase 1 Study Evaluating NBTXR3 for Patients With Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer,Data presented at the 2023 Special Meeting on Pancreatic Cancer of the American Association for Cancer Research  Preliminary data show local endoscopic......,Data presented at the 2023 Special Meeting on Pancreatic Cancer of the American Association for Cancer ResearchPreliminary data show local endoscopic injection of NBTXR3 followed by radiotherapy activation remains feasible with a tolerable safety profile in 15 patientsAs of the data cutoff  in 13 patients evaluable for efficacy  the study showed an injected tumor disease control rate of 92.3% (12/13)Preliminary results from the ongoing study showed median overall survival of 21 months from diagnosis in the evaluable populationThese data suggest treatment feasibility and promising  durable anti-tumor efficacy of radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 in this population and support rationale for later stage development in pancreatic cancerPARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Sept. 28  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announced new clinical data from a Phase 1 study evaluating radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 for patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). The study is being conducted as part of an ongoing collaboration between Nanobiotix and The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center (MD Anderson) and results were presented at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) 2023 Special Conference on Pancreatic Cancer.PDAC is an indication associated with poor prognosis and an increasing impact on cancer-related mortality worldwide. For the more than 90% of patients with locally advanced disease that is not eligible for surgery (unresectable)  there are few treatment options with curative intent. As such  the 5-year overall survival rate for patients with unresectable PDAC remains less than 5%. These patients present an urgent unmet need for new treatment options that provide effective local control with tolerable safety profiles.ABSTRACT #B002: Phase 1 Study of Endoscopic Ultrasound-guided NBTXR3 delivery activated by Radiotherapy for Locally Advanced or Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer (LAPC or BRPC)Given the universal  physics-based mechanism of action of potential first-in-class radioenhancer NBTXR3  promising early signs of safety and efficacy across several other tumor indications  and the urgent need for better treatment options to control local disease in patients with pancreatic cancer  MD Anderson and Nanobiotix aligned to evaluate the potential of the radioenhancer in a Phase 1 study.This Phase 1 study was designed with two parts:The dose-finding part with 1 patient at dose level 1 (33% of gross tumor volume) and 9 patients at dose level 2 (42% of gross tumor volume) The expansion part at the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) with 12 additional patientsNBTXR3 was administered prior to radiotherapy (RT) via an endoscopic ultrasound (EUS)-guided intratumoral injection. All patients received low-dose intensity-modulated radiation (IMRT; 45 Gy) in 15 fractions  and were followed up to one year. Importantly  all patients in the study had previously received a 4-month course of chemotherapy and showed no radiographic evidence of metastases at screening. The first patient at dose level 1 and subsequent 14 patients at dose level 2 had no injection complications. One patient at dose level 2 had 1 dose-limiting toxicity related to RT (Grade 3 elevated liver function).As of the data cutoff  13 patients were evaluable for efficacy. 11 patients had stable disease (SD)  1 had progressive disease in the injected lesion  and 1 had a pathological complete response after surgery. Taken together  these results represent a 92.3% local disease control rate (12/13) and a median Overall Survival of 21 months in evaluable patients. Notably  the patient who achieved pathological complete response entered the study with an unresectable tumor.The dose-finding part of the study is complete  establishing the RP2D at 42% of gross tumor volume (GTV) and achieving the primary objective of the trial. The expansion part remains ongoing. The principal investigator concluded that these data suggest tolerable safety and promising early signs of anti-tumor efficacy. The Company believes these results support the rationale for further development of NBTXR3 in pancreatic cancer.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312—a global  randomized Phase 3 study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2021  the Company announced an agreement with LianBio to expand development of NBTXR3 into Greater China and other Asian Markets  and in 2023 Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Cautionary StatementThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “additional”  “aim”  “continue”  “could”  “drive”  “enable”  “expect”  “further”  “look forward”  “may”  “ongoing”  “potential”  “promise”  “realize”  “subject to”  “success-based”  “up to”  “will”  and “would” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on the management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the overall development of NBTXR3  including the timing and progress of clinical trials; the development of NBTXR3 pursuant to the license agreement with Janssen (the “Agreement”) and the potential payments for which Nanobiotix is eligible under the Agreement; the potential for  and possible size of  the proposed equity investment by Johnson & Johnson – JJDC Inc; and the financial position of Nanobiotix. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties; the risks arising from Nanobiotix’s reliance on Janssen to conduct development and commercialization activities with respect to NBTXR3  including the potential for disagreements or disputes under the Agreement; the risk that Janssen may exercise its discretion in a manner that limits the resources contributed toward the development of NBTXR3 under the Agreement or may exercise its faculty to terminate without cause the Agreement; the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data; the risk that the Company and EIB will not reach definitive agreement with respect to the removal of the cash-covenant  and the risk that the Company may not be able to secure additional capital on attractive terms  if at all. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 24 2023  and those set forth in the half-year report filed with SEC on form 6-K and with AMF on September 26  2023 (copies of which are available on www.nanobiotix.com)  may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.com Media RelationsFR – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['Advanced Pancreatic Cancer', 'First Data', 'Phase 1 Study', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Presentation', 'NBTXR3', 'Patients', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'Grade 3 elevated liver function', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'several other tumor indications', 'significant tumor cell death', '5-year overall survival rate', 'EUS)-guided intratumoral injection', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', '92.3% local disease control rate', 'tumor disease control rate', 'Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer', 'Endoscopic Ultrasound-guided NBTXR3 delivery', 'promising, durable anti-tumor efficacy', 'median overall survival', 'effective local control', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'local endoscopic injection', 'low-dose intensity-modulated radiation', 'pathological complete response', 'soft tissue sarcomas', 'European CE mark', 'adaptive immune response', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'gross tumor volume', 'later stage development', 'pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma', 'urgent unmet need', 'universal, physics-based mechanism', 'class radioenhancer NBTXR', 'class oncology product', 'tolerable safety profile', 'new clinical data', 'new treatment options', 'urgent need', 'injection complications', 'unresectable tumor', 'solid tumor', 'physics-based approaches', 'stable disease', 'progressive disease', 'physical mechanism', 'Cancer Research', 'The Company', 'treatment feasibility', 'treatment possibilities', '2023 Special Meeting', 'American Association', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'ongoing collaboration', 'The University', '2023 Special Conference', 'poor prognosis', 'increasing impact', 'cancer-related mortality', 'curative intent', 'Locally Advanced', 'early signs', 'two parts', 'dose level', 'phase 2 dose', 'one year', '4-month course', 'radiographic evidence', '1 dose-limiting toxicity', 'primary objective', 'principal investigator', 'product candidate', 'therapeutic combination', 'dose-finding part', 'expansion part', 'Preliminary data', 'data cutoff', 'radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', 'ongoing study', 'evaluable population', 'Phase 1 study', 'first patient', 'One patient', 'physical MoA', 'unresectable PDAC', 'Preliminary results', '12 additional patients', 'subsequent 14 patients', 'evaluable patients', 'radiotherapy activation', '1 patient', '15 patients', '13 patients', '9 patients', '21 months', 'diagnosis', 'rationale', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'AACR', 'surgery', 'ABSTRACT', 'B00', 'LAPC', 'BRPC', 'action', 'potential', 'RP2D', 'IMRT', '45 Gy', 'chemotherapy', 'metastases', 'screening', 'lesion', 'GTV', 'trial', 'proof', 'concept']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30775,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/telecom/telecom-news/eutelsat-partners-oneweb-merges-to-create-worlds-first-geo-leo-satellite-space-connectivity-company/articleshow/104018011.cms,Eutelsat & OneWeb merge to create world's first GEO-LEO satellite space connectivity company,Satellite operator Eutelsat Communications has completed its merger with OneWeb  creating the Eutelsat Group. The new entity aims to transform space communications and address the growing connectivity market. The merged company will be headquartered in Paris …,Satellite operator Eutelsat Communications on Thursday announced the completion of its all-share combination with OneWeb   the global low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite communications network.Christened as the Eutelsat Group  the new entity will be the first GEO-LEO integrated satellite group  transforming space communications and addressing the fast-growing connectivity market  said the company in a press release.Headquartered out of Paris  the merged entity will have Bharti Enterprises as its largest shareholder with 21.2 per cent share. Sunil Bharti Mittal will be the Vice-President (Co-Chair) and Shravin Bharti Mittal  who spearheaded the OneWeb investment  will be Bharti’s lead as a Director on the Board of Eutelsat. Akhil Gupta will continue to serve as a Director on the Board of OneWeb  now a 100% subsidiary of Eutelsat.OneWeb will be a subsidiary operating commercially as Eutelsat OneWeb with its centre of operations remaining in London. The Company remains listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange and has applied for standard listing on the London Stock Exchange.Closing the digital divide is a critical mission for achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals and this combination will synergize the efforts of both businesses and will accelerate our progress  said Sunil Bharti Mittal  Founder and Chairman of Bharti Enterprises  Vice-President (Co-Chair) of the Board of Directors  Eutelsat Group.“Today we have created a company  which will bring connectivity to all people around the world and will help us achieve our mission of last-mile connectivity ” he added.He further said Bharti is excited about providing services in India later this year and importantly  reaching other countries in the global south to provide broadband connectivity to those who are deprived of being a part of the Digital Revolution.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.6,0.35,0.04,True,English,"['first GEO-LEO satellite space connectivity company', 'Eutelsat', 'OneWeb', 'world', 'first GEO-LEO integrated satellite group', 'UN Sustainable Development Goals', 'global low Earth orbit', 'LEO) satellite communications network', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', '21.2 per cent share', 'Sunil Bharti Mittal', 'Shravin Bharti Mittal', 'fast-growing connectivity market', 'Satellite operator', 'global south', 'Eutelsat Group', 'space communications', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Bharti Enterprises', 'share combination', 'press release', 'largest shareholder', 'Akhil Gupta', 'standard listing', 'digital divide', 'last-mile connectivity', 'other countries', 'broadband connectivity', 'Digital Revolution', 'new entity', 'critical mission', 'OneWeb investment', 'Eutelsat OneWeb', 'Thursday', 'completion', 'company', 'Vice-President', 'Chair', 'lead', 'Director', 'Board', '100% subsidiary', 'centre', 'operations', 'efforts', 'businesses', 'progress', 'Founder', 'people', 'world', 'services', 'India', 'part']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,economictimes.indiatimes.com
30776,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYXOAH-SA-112544313/news/Nyxoah-Announces-Partnership-with-ResMed-in-Germany-44946536/,Nyxoah Announces Partnership with ResMed in Germany,(marketscreener.com) Nyxoah Announces Partnership with ResMed in GermanyCreates a continuum of care in the German obstructive sleep apnea market Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – September 28  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA   a medical technology compa…,"Nyxoah Announces Partnership with ResMedin GermanyCreates acontinuum of care in the German obstructive sleep apnea marketMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium –September28  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pmET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company has entered into a partnership with ResMed Germany to increase OSA awareness and therapy penetration in the German market.Nyxoah and ResMed Germany will establish a continuum of care that will educate and guide OSA patients in the German market from diagnosis through treatment. Together  the companies will work to accelerate patient identification and better support patient set-up on the appropriate therapy. The companies will collaborate on:OSA helplines and direct-to-consumer marketing initiativesSales and marketing efforts targeting ENTs and sleep physiciansPatient and clinician educational programs and symposiums“We are thrilled to partner with ResMed Germany  as it strengthens further our patient-first approach to treating obstructive sleep apnea. OSA reduces quality of life and can result in other serious medical conditions  such as cardiovascular disease  and type 2 diabetes. Together  ResMed Germany and Nyxoah will heighten awareness of OSA and increase therapy penetration ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer. “The OSA ecosystem created by this partnership will guide patients from diagnosis to the right treatment for them  whether that is a mandibular device  continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP)  or hypoglossal nerve stimulation (HGNS).”""It is our joint goal to enable more patients to receive effective  personalized therapy ” said Katrin Pucknat  President  ResMed Germany. “Over 95 percent of patients in Germany suffering from sleep apnea are not diagnosed or treated. In addition  there are patients who have problems with their therapy and just stop it without considering an alternative. The partnership with Nyxoah will enable us to broaden the education around therapy options and empower patients to benefit from improved health outcomes.”About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 22  2023  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.33,0.36,True,English,"['Nyxoah', 'Partnership', 'ResMed', 'Germany', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'U.S. federal law', 'German obstructive sleep apnea market', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'continuous positive airway pressure', 'other serious medical conditions', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'hypoglossal nerve stimulation', 'clinician educational programs', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'European CE Mark', 'CE mark approval', 'Complete Concentric Collapse', 'consumer marketing initiatives', 'increased mortality risk', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'effective, personalized therapy', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', 'German market', 'financial condition', 'sleep physicians', 'positive outcomes', 'marketing efforts', 'clinical data', 'FDA approval', 'other factors', 'therapy penetration', 'appropriate therapy', 'therapy options', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'patient-first approach', 'cardiovascular disease', 'type 2 diabetes', 'Olivier Taelman', 'mandibular device', 'joint goal', 'Katrin Pucknat', 'health outcomes', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'successful completion', 'therapeutic indications', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'potential advantages', 'regulatory pathway', 'potential use', 'financial effects', 'Risk Factors', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent reports', 'ResMedin Germany', 'ResMed Germany', 'Forward-looking statements', 'patient identification', 'patient set-up', 'OSA helplines', 'OSA ecosystem', 'right treatment', 'CCC) patients', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'OSA awareness', 'Nyxoah SA', 'OSA patients', 'Partnership', 'care', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'September28', '10:30pm', '4:30pmET', 'NYXH', 'development', 'continuum', 'diagnosis', 'companies', 'Sales', 'symposiums', 'quality', 'life', 'CPAP', 'HGNS', 'President', '95 percent', 'addition', 'problems', 'alternative', 'improved', 'world', 'vision', 'expansion', 'information', 'Caution', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'planned', 'goals', 'respect', 'utility', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'performance', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'section', 'year', 'December', 'Securities', 'March', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30777,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARNEXT-SA-29750723/news/Pharnext-updates-on-the-development-program-in-China-for-PXT3003-in-Charcot-Marie-Tooth-disease-ty-44936767/,Pharnext : updates on the development program in China for PXT3003 in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A) -September 28  2023 at 02:34 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PARIS  France  28 September 2023  08:30 am CET - Pharnext SA   an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today provides an upda…,"PARIS  France  28 September 2023  08:30 am CET - Pharnext SA (FR001400JXB0 - ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today provides an update on the clinical development program in China of its drug candidate PXT3003 in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A). As a reminder  PXT3003 is a novel fixed-dose synergistic combination of baclofen  naltrexone and sorbitol that benefits from orphan drug status granted by the EMA and the US FDA.A SET OF PROMISING AGREEMENTS SIGNED IN 2017Pharnext announced strategic partnership signed with Tasly Pharmaceutical (Shanghai: 600535) in 2017. These agreements were composed as follows:1) the creation of a research and development Joint-Venture (JV)  GeneNet Pharmaceuticals Co  Ltd  owned 30% by Pharnext  to develop new combinations of molecules;2) a licensing agreement granting GeneNet with the commercialization rights for PXT3003 in CMT1A in Greater China (Mainland China  Hong Kong  Taiwan  and Macau)  as well as exclusive license rights to all PXT3003 patents applied for and authorized in Greater China;3) an investment of €20 million by Tasly in Pharnext  including €5 million in shares and €15 million in convertible bonds completed in 2017  and an investment of €10 million in convertible bonds completed in 2018. The total subscription of €25 million of convertible bonds being fully converted into ordinary shares in 2019.STATUS OF PHASE III CLINICAL STUDY IN CHINAIn December 2017  GeneNet applied for clinical approval for PXT3003 to be registered as an imported pharmaceutical in China. In June 2018  the Chinese National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) granted GeneNet with a priority review of PXT3003 in CMT1A  and in January 2021 with a drug clinical trial approval in China (IND Approval).In September 2021  GeneNet initiated on its side an independent Phase III clinical study including CMT1A patients in China. By now  the Phase III clinical study for PXT3003 by GeneNet is in process in China  with the plans to file an application for marketing authorization in China.DEVELOPMENT IN PARALLEL WITH PHARNEXT AND POTENTIAL SYNERGIESAs a reminder  in March 2021  Pharnext initiated an international pivotal Phase III study (PREMIER trial)  with World Clinical Tiral as a CRO  including 387 CMT1A patients in 52 centers in the United States  Canada  Europe and Israel. The dose of PXT3003 is the 'high' dose tested in the PLEO-CMT trial  but clinical batches are newly manufactured by Unither USA's facility as a 5 mL unit dose oral solution sachet. The PREMIER trial was completed in August 2023  with topline results expected in Q4 2023 and Pharnext plans to file an application for marketing authorization in the US in S1 2024.Hugo Brugière  Manager of Pharnext  said: ""These two Phase III clinical studies of PXT3003 in CMT1A progressing in parallel for distinct markets could be complementary. We consider  on both sides  that each study can be individually subject to approval on our respective markets. Beyond that  their combined data may later strengthen the marketing authorization filling with the EMA for approval in Europe.""About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases currently without satisfactory therapeutic solutions. Pharnext has a first-in-class drug candidate  PXT3003  in development for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a rare  debilitating  inherited peripheral neuropathy. PXT3003 benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. In 2018  PXT3003 completed a Phase III clinical trial  the PLEO-CMT trial  with encouraging topline results. This trial was followed by an open-label extension study  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  with 120 patients continuing treatment with PXT3003. Long-term data suggest a sustained benefit  safety  and efficacy  after 6 years of total trial time. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  enrolling 387 CMT1A patients was completed in August 2023. PREMIER topline results are expected in Q4 2023. PXT3003 originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com.Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400JXB0).",neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,mixed,0.23,0.33,0.44,True,English,"['Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'development program', 'Pharnext', 'updates', 'China', 'PXT3003', 'CMT1A', 'September', '5 mL unit dose oral solution sachet', 'Chinese National Medical Products Administration', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'two Phase III clinical studies', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'independent Phase III clinical study', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'Euronext Growth Stock Exchange', 'high unmet medical need', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'novel fixed-dose synergistic combination', 'drug clinical trial approval', 'open-label extension study', 'World Clinical Tiral', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'Hugo Brugière', 'satisfactory therapeutic solutions', 'rare, debilitating, inherited', 'other risk factors', 'exclusive license rights', 'clinical development program', 'total trial time', 'GeneNet Pharmaceuticals Co', 'PREMIER topline results', ""high' dose"", 'clinical approval', 'clinical batches', 'novel therapeutics', 'novel therapies', 'PREMIER trial', 'commercialization rights', 'total subscription', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial', 'drug status', 'drug candidate', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'strategic partnership', 'new combinations', 'licensing agreement', 'Hong Kong', 'convertible bonds', 'priority review', 'IND Approval', 'marketing authorization', 'POTENTIAL SYNERGIES', 'United States', 'Unither USA', 'distinct markets', 'respective markets', 'combined data', 'peripheral neuropathy', 'Long-term data', 'sustained benefit', 'More information', 'ISIN code', 'development Joint-Venture', 'US FDA', 'PROMISING AGREEMENTS', 'ordinary shares', 'financial reports', 'Greater China', 'Mainland China', 'candidate PXT3003', 'PXT3003 patents', 'PXT3003 benefits', 'CMT1A patients', 'Pharnext SA', 'Tasly Pharmaceutical', '120 patients', 'PARIS', 'France', 'CET', 'FR001400JXB0', 'ALPHA', 'update', 'reminder', 'baclofen', 'naltrexone', 'sorbitol', 'EMA', 'SET', 'Shanghai', 'creation', 'research', 'JV', 'Ltd', 'molecules', 'Taiwan', 'Macau', 'investment', 'December', 'June', 'NMPA', 'January', 'September', 'side', 'process', 'plans', 'application', 'PARALLEL', 'March', 'CRO', '52 centers', 'Canada', 'Europe', 'Israel', 'facility', 'August', 'Q4', 'S1', 'Manager', 'class', 'encouraging', 'treatment', 'safety', 'efficacy', '6 years', 'attention', 'investors', '28', '08']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30778,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751654/0/en/Nyxoah-Announces-Partnership-with-ResMed-in-Germany.html,Nyxoah Announces Partnership with ResMed in Germany,Nyxoah Announces Partnership with ResMed in GermanyCreates a continuum of care in the German obstructive sleep apnea market  Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium...,"Nyxoah Announces Partnership with ResMed in GermanyCreates a continuum of care in the German obstructive sleep apnea marketMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – September 28  2023  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company has entered into a partnership with ResMed Germany to increase OSA awareness and therapy penetration in the German market.Nyxoah and ResMed Germany will establish a continuum of care that will educate and guide OSA patients in the German market from diagnosis through treatment. Together  the companies will work to accelerate patient identification and better support patient set-up on the appropriate therapy. The companies will collaborate on:OSA helplines and direct-to-consumer marketing initiativesSales and marketing efforts targeting ENTs and sleep physiciansPatient and clinician educational programs and symposiums“We are thrilled to partner with ResMed Germany  as it strengthens further our patient-first approach to treating obstructive sleep apnea. OSA reduces quality of life and can result in other serious medical conditions  such as cardiovascular disease  and type 2 diabetes. Together  ResMed Germany and Nyxoah will heighten awareness of OSA and increase therapy penetration ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer. “The OSA ecosystem created by this partnership will guide patients from diagnosis to the right treatment for them  whether that is a mandibular device  continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP)  or hypoglossal nerve stimulation (HGNS).”""It is our joint goal to enable more patients to receive effective  personalized therapy ” said Katrin Pucknat  President  ResMed Germany. “Over 95 percent of patients in Germany suffering from sleep apnea are not diagnosed or treated. In addition  there are patients who have problems with their therapy and just stop it without considering an alternative. The partnership with Nyxoah will enable us to broaden the education around therapy options and empower patients to benefit from improved health outcomes.”About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 22  2023  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.33,0.36,True,English,"['Nyxoah', 'Partnership', 'ResMed', 'Germany', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'U.S. federal law', 'German obstructive sleep apnea market', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'continuous positive airway pressure', 'other serious medical conditions', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'hypoglossal nerve stimulation', 'clinician educational programs', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'European CE Mark', 'CE mark approval', 'Complete Concentric Collapse', 'consumer marketing initiatives', 'increased mortality risk', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'effective, personalized therapy', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', 'German market', 'financial condition', 'sleep physicians', 'positive outcomes', 'marketing efforts', 'clinical data', 'FDA approval', 'other factors', 'therapy penetration', 'appropriate therapy', 'therapy options', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'patient-first approach', 'cardiovascular disease', 'type 2 diabetes', 'Olivier Taelman', 'mandibular device', 'joint goal', 'Katrin Pucknat', 'health outcomes', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'successful completion', 'therapeutic indications', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'potential advantages', 'regulatory pathway', 'potential use', 'financial effects', 'Risk Factors', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent reports', 'Forward-looking statements', 'patient identification', 'patient set-up', 'OSA helplines', 'OSA ecosystem', 'ResMed Germany', 'right treatment', 'actual results', 'CCC) patients', 'actual events', 'OSA awareness', 'Nyxoah SA', 'OSA patients', 'Partnership', 'continuum', 'care', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'September', '10:30pm', '4:30pm', 'NYXH', 'development', 'diagnosis', 'companies', 'Sales', 'symposiums', 'quality', 'life', 'CPAP', 'HGNS', 'President', '95 percent', 'addition', 'problems', 'alternative', 'improved', 'world', 'vision', 'expansion', 'information', 'Caution', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'planned', 'goals', 'respect', 'utility', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'performance', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'section', 'year', 'December', 'Securities', 'March', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30779,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEXEDIA-S-P-A-127218827/news/Mexedia-S-p-A-Interim-Results-2023-44945440/,Mexedia S p A : Interim Results 2023 -September 28  2023 at 01:02 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Interim Results 2023      28 Sep 2023 18:22 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   MEXEDIA S.P.A.      Press release - September 28  2023    Interim Results 2023 ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEXED…,"Interim Results 2023Interim Results 2023✓ Consolidated revenues with a double-digit growth; € 133.36 million vs. € 83.68 million (2023H1 vs. 2022H1); an increase of 59%.✓ Gross profit in the first half of 2023 amounts to € 7.08 million vs. € 5.90 million (+20%) in the same period of the previous year.✓ In the first 6 months of 2023  Mexedia produced an EBITDA of € 4.104 million vs. € 4.027 million (+2%) in the first half of 2022  with a margin on revenues of 3.1%.✓ Sales and EBITDA are in line with the forecast for the year ending December 31  2023.Rome  September 28  2023The Board of Directors of Mexedia S.p.A. SB  approved interim results for the current year on September 28  2023.For Orlando Taddeo  CEO of Mexedia S.p.A. SB: ""It was a positive first half of 2023 paving the way for a stronger H2. Good results were achieved in terms of revenues and EBITDA margins. The results obtained are in line with the forecast data for the current year.""H1 2023 resultsIFRS (in Euro thousands) 30 June 2023 30 June 2022 % var. var. Revenue 133 362 83 683 59% 49 679 Gross profit 7 085 5 909 20% 1 176 as a % of revenues 5.3% 7.1% Operating expenses (2 981) (1 882) (1 099) EBITDA 4 104 4 027 2% 77 as a % of revenues 3.1% 4.8% Current depreciation and amortisation (83) (84) 1 Current operating income (expense) 4 021 3 943 2% 78 Finance income (expense) (2 355) (1 722) (633) Other non-current income and expenses (208) (290) 83 Operating income (expense) 1 458 1 931 (24%) (472) Tax expenses (14) (348) 334 Net income (expense) for the financial period 1 444 1 583 (9%) (139)Business overviewFirst half of the year focused on the integration of the US operating companies acquired in January  providing significant turnover to help strengthen the consolidated position  and to manage through the integration issues.Consolidated revenues for the first half of 2023 amounted to € 133.36 million (vs. € 83.68 million in the same period of the previous year  +59%).The US division generated 69% of the total amount of sales revenues for the Group.Enterprise business started up with a 1% participation of revenues and with a strong positive outlook for the second half of the year.EBITDA amounts to € 4 104 million (vs. € 4 027 million in the same period of the previous year  +2%).The financial report for the 2023 interim financial statements will be made public on October 29  2023.It will be available on the Company's website at: https://mexedia.com/en/financial-statements-and-reports/The undersigned Elio Cosimo Catania as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Orlando Taddeo as Chief Executive Officer declare  pursuant to paragraph 2 of article 154-bis of the italian Legislative Decree n. 58 of 24 February 1998  that the accounting information contained in this press release corresponds to the accounting figures  books and records.Upcoming eventsShareholders meeting convened for the approval of the Annual financial report (rapport financier annuel) at December 31  2023.Publication of Annual financial report 2023: April 29  2024  after market close.ContactsInvestor RelatorVincenzo La Barberainvestor.relations@mexedia.comM.: +39 351 844 72 29ABOUT Mexedia S.p.A. - Società Benefit (www.mexedia.com/en/)Mexedia is an Italian tech company  formerly known as Airtime Partecipazioni. It has been listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris since September 2021 (ISIN:IT0005450819).Becoming ""Benefit Company"" in July 2022  Mexedia offers innovative solutions and consolidated tools encapsulated in a single integrated technology ecosystem to enable businesses to manage all activities related to Customer Experience  Business Automation  and Business Intelligence.Founded by serial entrepreneur Orlando Taddeo  it generated consolidated revenues of 141 million euros in 2022 with 8 millions of EBITDA.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Mexedia S', 'Interim Results', 'September', '01:02', 'Mexedia S.p.A. SB', 'single integrated technology ecosystem', 'The US division', 'strong positive outlook', 'Elio Cosimo Catania', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'rapport financier annuel', 'Vincenzo La Barbera', 'US operating companies', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Other non-current income', 'Annual financial report', 'Italian tech company', '2023 interim financial statements', 'positive first half', 'Current operating income', 'financial period', 'double-digit growth', 'Finance income', 'Net income', 'Current depreciation', 'Operating expenses', 'first 6 months', 'second half', 'Interim Results', 'Gross profit', 'same period', 'Orlando Taddeo', 'stronger H2.', 'Business overview', 'significant turnover', 'total amount', 'Enterprise business', 'Legislative Decree', 'accounting information', 'press release', 'accounting figures', 'Upcoming events', 'Shareholders meeting', 'market close', 'Investor Relator', 'Società Benefit', 'Airtime Partecipazioni', 'innovative solutions', 'Customer Experience', 'Business Automation', 'Business Intelligence', 'serial entrepreneur', '141 million euros', 'current year', 'Good results', 'H1 2023 results', 'consolidated position', 'consolidated tools', 'Tax expenses', 'previous year', 'forecast data', 'integration issues', 'EBITDA margins', 'Consolidated revenues', 'sales revenues', '2022H', 'increase', 'line', 'Rome', 'Board', 'Directors', 'September', 'CEO', 'way', 'terms', 'IFRS', 'thousands', '30 June', 'var.', 'amortisation', 'January', 'Group', '1% participation', 'October', 'website', 'financial-statements', 'reports', 'Chairman', 'paragraph', 'article', 'bis', '24 February', 'books', 'records', 'approval', 'December', 'Publication', 'April', 'Contacts', 'relations', 'M.', 'France', 'July', 'businesses', 'activities', '8 millions']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30780,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THERANEXUS-38226962/news/Theranexus-THERANEXUS-ANNOUNCES-FIRST-HALF-2023-FINANCIAL-RESULTS-44945366/,Theranexus : THERANEXUS ANNOUNCES FIRST HALF 2023 FINANCIAL RESULTS -September 28  2023 at 12:40 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)  THERANEXUS ANNOUNCES FIRST HALF 2023 FINANCIAL RESULTSLyon  France – 28 September 2023 – 6pm CEST – Theranexus  a biopharmaceutical company innovating in the treatment of rare neurological diseases  today publishes its first half resu…,"THERANEXUS ANNOUNCES FIRST HALF 2023 FINANCIAL RESULTSLyon  France – 28 September 2023 – 6pm CEST – Theranexus  a biopharmaceutical company innovating in the treatment of rare neurological diseases  today publishes its first half results as of 30 June 2023.Theranexus CEO  Mathieu Charvériat  comments: "" Our business activities over this period were substantial  underpinned by rigorous management as illustrated by our first half 2023 results. We won approval from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the design and endpoints of the pivotal Phase III trial to evaluate Batten-1 in Batten disease  and this has enabled us to prepare the Phase III trial launch for the first half of 2024. Moreover  we also formed a public/private research team with Inria  Claude Bernard University Lyon 1 and Hospices Civils de Lyon to identify novel drugs designed to treat certain rare neurological diseases.""First half 2023 financial resultsIn €K S1-2023 S1-2022 Turnover - - Operating income 254 462 Other purchases and external charges 2 480 1 950 Wages and social security charges 1 520 1 509 Amortization and depreciation of fixed assets 168 166 Other operating expenses 8 24 Operating expenses 4 176 3 649 Net operating income/(expenses) (3 921) (3 187) Net financial income/(expense) 59 (121) Income tax 216 18 Net income/(expense) (3 646) (3 290)The 2023 half-year results were approved by the company's Board of Directors on 28 September 2023 and were the subject of a report by the company's Statutory Auditors.Other purchases and external charges increased during the first half of 2023 to €2 480 K up from €1 950 K in the first half of 2022 owing to the initiation of the Phase I/II clinical trial for Batten disease (launched in the first half of 2022 and still under way).Wages and social security charges were stable  with €1 520 K in the first half of 2023 as opposed to €1 509 K over the same period in 2022.Amortization and depreciation costs were also stable (€168 K in the first half of 2023 compared to €166 K in the first half of 2022).The net financial result improved from a deficit of €121 K in the first half of 2022  notably due to losses on the company's liquidity agreement  to a surplus of €59 K owing to the interest earnings from the company's cash balance in the first half of 2023.Income tax rose in the first half of 2023 compared to 2022. In the first half of 2022  advances and grants received (totaling €1.7 M) exceeded the basis for expenses eligible for the Research Tax Credit (CIR) over the period  resulting in a null CIR over the year half (the tax income of €18 K corresponds to family tax credit). In 2023  CIR amounted to €216 K over the period.As of 30 June 2023  Theranexus reported a cash position of €4.8 M  with pro forma cash of €7.8 million owing to the capital increase made in July for an approximate sum of €3.1 million. The Company's cash position rose in line with its expectations and gives it over 12 months' cash visibility.Next financial publication:Tuesday 17 October 2023: Cash position as of 30 September 2023About TheranexusTheranexus is an innovative biopharmaceutical company that emerged from the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA). The company has a unique platform for the identification and characterization of advanced therapy drug candidates targeting rare neurological disorders and an initial drug candidate in clinical development for Batten disease.Theranexus is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (FR0013286259- ALTHX).Plus d'informations sur :https://www.theranexus.comCliquez et suivez-nous sur Twitter et LinkedlnContacts :THERANEXUSThierry LAMBERTDirecteur Administratif et Financiercontact@theranexus.comFP2COMFlorence PORTEJOIERelations médias+ 33 (0)6 07 76 82 83fportejoie@fp2com.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xZpvlslvZ5zJy29yl5tmmmeZnJxnxWWVlpfJl2lsacvIb5+UymZkmJjHZnFjlWls- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82046-theranexus_pr_first_half_2023_financial_results_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.21,0.6,True,English,"['FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'THERANEXUS ANNOUNCES', 'HALF', 'September', '12:40', 'Florence PORTEJOIE Relations médias', 'pivotal Phase III trial', 'Phase III trial launch', 'Phase I/II clinical trial', 'advanced therapy drug candidates', 'Claude Bernard University Lyon', 'rare neurological diseases', 'Mathieu Charvériat', 'European Medicines Agency', 'French Alternative Energies', 'Atomic Energy Commission', 'rare neurological disorders', 'initial drug candidate', 'Euronext Growth market', 'next press releases', 'social security charges', 'original press release', 'pro forma cash', ""12 months' cash visibility"", 'public/private research team', 'net financial result', 'family tax credit', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Next financial publication', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Net financial income', 'innovative biopharmaceutical company', 'first half results', 'first half 2023 results', 'Other operating expenses', 'Drug Administration', 'clinical development', 'FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'external charges', 'News release', 'Operating income', 'Net income', 'Income tax', 'tax income', 'Other purchases', 'cash balance', 'cash position', '2023 half-year results', 'year half', 'business activities', 'rigorous management', 'Batten disease', 'Hospices Civils', 'novel drugs', 'fixed assets', 'Statutory Auditors', 'liquidity agreement', 'interest earnings', 'capital increase', 'approximate sum', 'Tuesday 17 October', 'unique platform', 'Thierry LAMBERT', 'Directeur Administratif', 'depreciation costs', 'Regulated information', 'The Company', 'null CIR', 'THERANEXUS ANNOUNCES', 'Theranexus CEO', 'same period', 'France', '28 September', '6pm', 'treatment', '30 June', 'approval', 'Food', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'design', 'endpoints', 'Batten-1', 'Inria', '22 Turnover', '50 Wages', 'Amortization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'subject', 'report', 'initiation', 'way', 'deficit', 'losses', 'surplus', 'advances', 'grants', 'basis', 'July', 'line', 'expectations', '30 September', 'CEA', 'identification', 'characterization', 'Paris', 'informations', 'Twitter', 'Linkedln', 'Contacts', 'Financier', 'FP2COM', 'accounts', 'Full', 'PDF', '046-theranexus_pr_first_half', '€']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30781,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751502/0/en/COFACE-SA-Moody-s-upgrades-Coface-s-main-operating-company-to-A1-IFSR-stable-outlook.html,COFACE SA: Moody's upgrades Coface's main operating company to A1 IFSR  stable outlook,COFACE SA: Moody's upgrades Coface's main operating company to A1 IFSR  stable outlook  Paris  28 September 2023 – 18.30  The rating agency Moody’s  on......,COFACE SA: Moody's upgrades Coface's main operating company to A1 IFSR  stable outlookParis  28 September 2023 – 18.30The rating agency Moody’s  on 28th September 2023  has upgraded the financial strength rating (Insurance Financial Strength Rating – IFSR) for Coface to A1 from A2. The agency has also changed the outlook for Coface to stable from positive.In its press release  Moody’s highlights that this rating reflects “the increasing diversification of the group and the enhanced monitoring and improved management of credit risk exposures  which Moody's expects to result in lower volatility in profits and make the insurer better placed to weather an economic downturn. The upgrade also reflects the good capitalisation level maintained by the group since 2020 and the improvement in asset quality.”In addition  Coface’s profitability has been very strong in the last five years  with an average combined ratio of 71% between 2018 and 2022.Moody’s also believes that  since 2016  “the group has improved its risk monitoring processes and it has been more proactive to adjust its risk portfolio. Even if earnings volatility will remain a feature of the credit insurance industry  Moody's expects volatility to remain moderate.”Last  in its outlook  the rating agency underscores that this “stable outlook reflects Moody's expectation that Coface will maintain a Solvency II ratio above 180%  a leverage ratio below 30% and that the group will not increase meaningfully its underwriting or asset risk appetite.”Phalla Gervais  Chief Finance & Risk Officer  commented:“We are very pleased with the upgrade from Moody’s to A1. This rewards Coface teams’ work and recognizes the high level of service offered to our clients. It also recognizes Coface’s agility and resilience  as well as the quality of its risk management  which are at the heart of our culture and expertise. Coface is on track to deliver its Build to Lead strategic plan and is actively preparing the next chapter that will be presented on 5th March 2024.”CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comAdrien BILLET: +33 1 49 02 23 63 – adrien.billet@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023/2024(subject to change)9M-2023 results: 14 November 2023 (after market close)Investor Day: 5 March 2024 (Paris)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2023 and our 2022 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith over 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance & risk management  and a recognized provider of Factoring  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Bonding  and Information Services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients in 100 countries build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses. With Coface’s insight and advice  these companies can make informed decisions. The Group' solutions strengthen their ability to sell by providing them with reliable information on their commercial partners and protecting them against non-payment risks  both domestically and for export. In 2022  Coface employed ~4 720 people and registered a turnover of €1.81 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2023 under the number D.23-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment,neutral,0.26,0.73,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.24,0.32,True,English,"['main operating company', 'A1 IFSR', 'stable outlook', 'COFACE SA', 'Moody', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Insurance Financial Strength Rating', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'credit insurance industry', 'main operating company', 'Lead strategic plan', 'Interim Financial Report', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Single Risk insurance', 'trade credit insurance', 'credit risk exposures', 'good capitalisation level', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'Solvency II ratio', 'integral regulatory information', 'asset risk appetite', 'last five years', 'Main risk factors', ""The Group' solutions"", 'risk monitoring processes', 'Coface teams’ work', 'The Coface Group', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'risk portfolio', 'Risk Officer', 'high level', 'benoit.chastel', 'FOR TRADE', 'combined ratio', 'leverage ratio', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'risk management', 'regulated information', 'Information Services', 'reliable information', 'new information', 'rating agency', 'stable outlook', 'press release', 'increasing diversification', 'economic downturn', 'asset quality', 'Phalla Gervais', 'Chief Finance', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', '9M-2023 results', 'Investor Day', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'recognized provider', 'Debt Collection', 'global economy', 'informed decisions', 'commercial partners', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'improved management', 'lower volatility', 'earnings volatility', 'non-payment risks', 'unidentified risks', 'COFACE SA', '28th September', 'next chapter', '5th March', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'A1 IFSR', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Adrien BILLET', '75 years', '28 September', '5 March', 'Moody', 'enhanced', 'profits', 'insurer', 'upgrade', 'improvement', 'addition', 'profitability', 'average', 'feature', 'expectation', 'underwriting', 'clients', 'agility', 'resilience', 'heart', 'culture', 'expertise', 'track', 'Build', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'market', 'website', 'APM', 'H1', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '100 countries', 'insight', 'advice', 'companies', 'export', '~4,720 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'AMF', '6 April', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '49 02', '14']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30782,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARNEXT-SA-29750723/news/Pharnext-Sa-Pharnext-updates-on-the-development-program-in-China-for-PXT3003-in-Charcot-Marie-44936771/,Pharnext Sa : Pharnext updates on the development program in China for PXT3003 in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A) -September 28  2023 at 02:35 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)  PARIS  France  28 September 2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SA   an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today provides an updat…,"PARIS  France  28 September 2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SA ( FR001400JXB0 - ALPHA) (the “Company”)  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today provides an update on the clinical development program in China of its drug candidate PXT3003 in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A). As a reminder  PXT3003 is a novel fixed-dose synergistic combination of baclofen  naltrexone and sorbitol that benefits from orphan drug status granted by the EMA and the US FDA.A SET OF PROMISING AGREEMENTS SIGNED IN 2017Pharnext announced strategic partnership signed with Tasly Pharmaceutical (Shanghai: 600535) in 2017[1]. These agreements were composed as follows:1) the creation of a research and development Joint-Venture (JV)  GeneNet Pharmaceuticals Co  Ltd  owned 30% by Pharnext  to develop new combinations of molecules;2) a licensing agreement granting GeneNet with the commercialization rights for PXT3003 in CMT1A in Greater China (Mainland China  Hong Kong  Taiwan  and Macau)  as well as exclusive license rights to all PXT3003 patents applied for and authorized in Greater China;3) an investment of €20 million by Tasly in Pharnext  including €5 million in shares and €15 million in convertible bonds completed in 2017  and an investment of €10 million in convertible bonds completed in 2018[2]. The total subscription of €25 million of convertible bonds being fully converted into ordinary shares in 2019[3].S TATUS OF PHASE III CLINICAL STUDY IN CHINAIn December 2017  GeneNet applied for clinical approval for PXT3003 to be registered as an imported pharmaceutical in China. In June 2018[4]  the Chinese National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) granted GeneNet with a priority review of PXT3003 in CMT1A  and in January 2021 with a drug clinical trial approval in China (IND Approval).In September 2021  GeneNet initiated on its side an independent Phase III clinical study including CMT1A patients in China. By now  the Phase III clinical study for PXT3003 by GeneNet is in process in China  with the plans to file an application for marketing authorization in China.DEVELOPMENT IN PARALLEL WITH PHARNEXT AND POTENTIAL SYNERGIESAs a reminder  in March 2021[5]  Pharnext initiated an international pivotal Phase III study (PREMIER trial)  with World Clinical Tiral as a CRO  including 387 CMT1A patients in 52 centers in the United States  Canada  Europe and Israel. The dose of PXT3003 is the ‘high' dose tested in the PLEO-CMT trial  but clinical batches are newly manufactured by Unither USA's facility as a 5 mL unit dose oral solution sachet[6]. The PREMIER trial was completed in August 2023[7]  with topline results expected in Q4 2023 and Pharnext plans to file an application for marketing authorization in the US in S1 2024.Hugo Brugière  Manager of Pharnext  said: “These two Phase III clinical studies of PXT3003 in CMT1A progressing in parallel for distinct markets could be complementary. We consider  on both sides  that each study can be individually subject to approval on our respective markets. Beyond that  their combined data may later strengthen the marketing authorization filling with the EMA for approval in Europe.”About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases currently without satisfactory therapeutic solutions. Pharnext has a first-in-class drug candidate  PXT3003  in development for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a rare  debilitating  inherited peripheral neuropathy. PXT3003 benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. In 2018  PXT3003 completed a Phase III clinical trial  the PLEO-CMT trial  with encouraging topline results. This trial was followed by an open-label extension study  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  with 120 patients continuing treatment with PXT3003. Long-term data suggest a sustained benefit  safety  and efficacy  after 6 years of total trial time. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  enrolling 387 CMT1A patients was completed in August 2023. PREMIER topline results are expected in Q4 2023. PXT3003 originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com.Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400JXB0).ContactsFinancial Press RelationsACTUS finance & communicationAnne-Charlotte Dudicourtacdudicourt@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 32 Investor RelationsACTUS finance & communicationJérôme Fabreguettes Leibpharnext@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 78[1] Pharnext Announces Strategic Partnership with Tasly  a Leading Chinese Pharmaceutical Group[2] Pharnext successfully raises €16 million via private placement[3] Reinforcement of Pharnext equity capital by conversion of convertibles bonds[4] Pharnext Announces PXT3003 was Granted Priority Review by the China Food and Drug Administration[5] Pharnext Announces First Patient Enrolled in the PREMIER Trial  its Pivotal Phase III Clinical Development Program of PXT3003 in Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A (‘CMT1A')[6] Pharnext announces successful completion of manufacturing transfer and scale-up of PXT3003 in the United States[7] Pharnext reports the end of double-blind treatment in PREMIER trial  the pivotal Phase III clinical trial of PXT3003 in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1AThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m2hpkcebZGidx2lrk5ltl2poamdnk5PFZpKelGOeZsyVam+VxWySb5mZZnFinmts- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesâ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/81966-2023.09.28_pxt3003_china_update_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.23,0.3,0.47,True,English,"['Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'development program', 'Pharnext Sa', 'China', 'PXT3003', 'CMT1A', 'September', '5 mL unit dose oral solution sachet', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes Leib', 'Chinese National Medical Products Administration', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'two Phase III clinical studies', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'independent Phase III clinical study', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Euronext Growth Stock Exchange', 'high unmet medical need', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Leading Chinese Pharmaceutical Group', 'novel fixed-dose synergistic combination', 'open-label extension study', 'World Clinical Tiral', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'Hugo Brugière', 'satisfactory therapeutic solutions', 'other risk factors', 'exclusive license rights', 'clinical development program', 'total trial time', 'clinical trial approval', 'Financial Press Relations', 'GeneNet Pharmaceuticals Co', 'Pharnext equity capital', 'PREMIER topline results', ""high' dose"", 'clinical batches', 'clinical approval', 'novel therapeutics', 'novel therapies', 'PREMIER trial', 'commercialization rights', 'total subscription', 'Investor Relations', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'strategic partnership', 'new combinations', 'licensing agreement', 'Hong Kong', 'convertible bonds', 'S TATUS', 'priority review', 'marketing authorization', 'POTENTIAL SYNERGIES', 'United States', 'Unither USA', 'distinct markets', 'respective markets', 'combined data', 'peripheral neuropathy', 'Long-term data', 'sustained benefit', 'financial reports', 'More information', 'ISIN code', 'Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt', 'private placement', 'convertibles bonds', 'drug candidate', 'drug status', 'IND Approval', 'development Joint-Venture', 'Tasly Pharmaceutical', 'US FDA', 'PROMISING AGREEMENTS', 'ordinary shares', 'ACTUS finance', 'Greater China', 'Mainland China', 'Pharnext SA', 'PXT3003 patents', 'PXT3003 benefits', 'CMT1A patients', '120 patients', 'PARIS', 'France', 'FR001400JXB0', 'ALPHA', 'update', 'reminder', 'baclofen', 'naltrexone', 'sorbitol', 'EMA', 'SET', 'Shanghai', 'creation', 'research', 'JV', 'Ltd', 'molecules', 'Taiwan', 'Macau', 'investment', 'December', 'June', 'NMPA', 'January', 'September', 'side', 'process', 'plans', 'application', 'PARALLEL', 'March', 'CRO', '52 centers', 'Canada', 'Europe', 'Israel', 'facility', 'August', 'Q4', 'S1', 'Manager', 'class', 'encouraging', 'treatment', 'safety', 'efficacy', '6 years', 'attention', 'investors', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'Reinforcement', 'conversion', '28', '08']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30783,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CBO-TERRITORIA-9734884/news/Cbo-Territoria-Residential-property-development-a-productive-year-for-CBo-Territoria-on-all-p-44944946/,Cbo Territoria :  Residential property development: a productive year for CBo Territoria on all product lines,(marketscreener.com)  Press release – Residential Property DevelopmentSainte-Marie  September 28  2023  7 :45 p.mResidential property development: a productive yearfor CBo Territoria on all product linesCBo Territoria is once again one of the leading re…,"Press release – Residential Property DevelopmentSainte-Marie  September 28  2023  7 :45 p.mResidential property development: a productive yearfor CBo Territoria on all product linesCBo Territoria is once again one of the leading residential developers on Reunion Island this year  with an offering that serves all market segments: apartments for intermediate rental housing or social rental housing sold to institutional investors  apartments for first-time buyers  who are also eligible for the “Pinel Outre-mer”[1] or “Loi Girardin” schemes for individuals and companies and building plots.The Group had no less than 468 lots under construction at the end of September  spread across four main mixed-use zones: 216 lots on Beauséjour in Sainte-Marie  147 lots on Marie Caze in Saint Paul  85 lots on Roche Café in Saint-Leu  and 20 lots on Cap Austral in Saint-Pierre.The first phase of Bengali in Marie Caze  a 33-lot residence in a tranquil  wooded setting that meets bioclimatic standards and offers a breathtaking view of Saint Paul Bay  was delivered in July of last year. The delivery of the second phase (32 lots) is scheduled for the second quarter of 2024.CBo Territoria is developing the Le Jade housing estate at Roche Café (31 lots) in Saint-Leu  in the southwest of the island  for SHLMR (Action Logement Group) as intermediate rental housing and social rental housing  as well as Pierre de Lune  12 single-family homes with two/three bedrooms under the PSLA scheme. The PSLA (prêt social de location-accession) subsidized loan scheme enables low-income households to purchase a property with no down payment. Both projects will be completed by the end of 2024.In the first quarter of 2023  CBo Territoria launched the first phase of the Kaisary development (29 building plots) in the Cap Austral residential district of Saint-Pierre in the south of the island. Based on the success of this project  the Group is now preparing to initiate the second phase  which will include twenty sea-view plots.In the Beauséjour area near Saint-Denis  the Group is building three programs for the SHLMR: the Zambaville social housing estate (38 lots)  the Lobélie housing estate (35 lots as intermediate housing and 12 lots as social housing)  and the Jardin des Gardénias intermediate housing estate (78 lots  sold off-plan in June).This transaction falls under the terms of the memorandum of understanding signed between these two parties in 2019 and once again demonstrates SHLMR's confidence in Beauséjour's attractiveness as a sustainable city in a tropical environment. Particular attention has been paid in the works contracts to social integration within the site teams  in accordance with CBo Territoria's Impact Péi 2030 CSR plan. The “life-size city” continues to expand  with more than 200 lots and 1 800 homes delivered to date.CBo Territoria is also preparing to introduce 285 new homes in multiple new developments at Beauséjour and Marie-Caze to expand its offering.More information on www.cboterritoria.com and www.cbo-immobilier.com2024 financial calendar: 2023 annual results - Tuesday  February 6  2024About CBo Territoria (FR0010193979  CBOT)CBo Territoria has been a major real estate operator in La Réunion for nearly 20 years and has evolved into a multi-regional property developer specializing in tertiary assets (€300.6 million at the end of December  representing 81% of total assets in value at year- end 2022). The Group is pursuing its expansion through the exploitation of its land reserves or through land acquisition  as it is involved in the full real estate value chain (property developer  property investor  and real estate company). CBo Territoria can finance its development through its activities as a residential developer (apartment buildings or sale of land plots) and  secondarily  as a service provider  as well as through the planned transfer of its residual residential properties to SHLMR.CBo Territoria is a real estate investment firm listed on Euronext Paris (compartment “C”) that is qualified for the PEA PME finance program (small and medium-sized enterprises).Responsible and committed to a more sustainable real estate since its inception  CBo Territoria has been in the Top 10 of compartment “C” of the Gai?a-Index for the past 6 years  a French benchmark index of the most virtuous small and medium-sized companies in terms of CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility).More information on cboterritoria.comINVESTORS ContactsCaroline Clapier – Director of Finance and Administration - direction@cboterritoria.comAgnès Villeret - Komodo - Tel.: 06 83 28 04 15 - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comPRESS ContactsFinance: Agnès Villeret - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comCorporate - Paris: Dina Morin - dmorin@capvalue.frLa Réunion & Mayotte : Catherine Galatoire - cgalatoire@cboterritoria.com[1]Or “Pinel Dom”  a tax exemption scheme with rates of 21.5%  26%  and 28.5% in 2023  depending on the rental commitment (6  9  or 12 years)  compared to 10.5%  15%  and 17.75% on the French mainland. In 2024  the rates in French overseas territories will be marginally adjusted to 20%  23%  and 25%  respectively. In addition  the tax niche ceiling in La Réunion is €18 000 compared to €10 000 on the French mainland.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mZtqYZ1paGmWnZpwZJ5namZkbZiXl5WUbGmemWWcZZ7GnJuUxmlpbpyYZnFjlWhu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82038-cbot_activite-promotion-residentielle-28092023-ang.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Residential property development', 'Cbo Territoria', 'productive year', 'product lines', 'Jardin des Gardénias intermediate housing estate', 'prêt social de location-accession', 'full real estate value chain', 'Impact Péi 2030 CSR plan', 'major real estate operator', 'real estate investment firm', 'four main mixed-use zones', 'Le Jade housing estate', 'Lobélie housing estate', 'Zambaville social housing estate', 'PEA PME finance program', 'Cap Austral residential district', 'real estate company', 'sustainable real estate', 'intermediate rental housing', 'Pierre de Lune', 'social rental housing', 'leading residential developers', 'tranquil, wooded setting', 'La Réunion', 'residual residential properties', 'subsidized loan scheme', 'tax exemption scheme', 'multiple new developments', 'French benchmark index', 'twenty sea-view plots', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'Saint Paul Bay', 'Agnès Villeret', 'Action Logement Group', 'multi-regional property developer', 'PRESS Contacts Finance', 'Residential Property Development', 'Beauséjour area', 'second phase (32 lots', 'social integration', 'rental commitment', 'PSLA scheme', 'Press release', 'sustainable city', 'INVESTORS Contacts', 'French mainland', 'second quarter', 'property investor', 'building plots', 'first phase', 'Kaisary development', 'land plots', '285 new homes', 'productive year', 'CBo Territoria', 'product lines', 'market segments', 'institutional investors', 'first-time buyers', 'Pinel Outre-mer', 'Loi Girardin', 'Marie Caze', 'Roche Café', '33-lot residence', 'bioclimatic standards', 'breathtaking view', 'last year', 'two/three bedrooms', 'The PSLA', 'low-income households', 'down payment', 'first quarter', 'three programs', 'two parties', 'tropical environment', 'Particular attention', 'works contracts', 'site teams', 'life-size city', 'More information', '2024 financial calendar', '2023 annual results', 'tertiary assets', 'total assets', 'land reserves', 'land acquisition', 'apartment buildings', 'service provider', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'Gai?a-Index', 'Caroline Clapier', 'Dina Morin', 'Catherine Galatoire', 'Pinel Dom', 'The Group', '12 single-family homes', 'Euronext Paris', 'virtuous small', 'medium-sized companies', 'Reunion Island', 'past 6 years', 'year- end', '1,800 homes', '20 years', '12 years', '468 lots', '216 lots', '147 lots', '85 lots', '20 lots', '31 lots', '38 lots', '35 lots', '12 lots', '78 lots', '200 lots', 'Sainte-Marie', 'offering', 'apartments', 'schemes', 'individuals', 'less', 'construction', 'September', 'Saint-Leu', 'Saint-Pierre', 'Bengali', 'July', 'delivery', 'southwest', 'SHLMR', 'projects', 'success', 'Saint-Denis', 'June', 'transaction', 'terms', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'confidence', 'attractiveness', 'accordance', 'date', 'Marie-Caze', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'CBOT', 'December', 'expansion', 'exploitation', 'activities', 'sale', 'planned', 'transfer', 'compartment', 'inception', 'Top', 'Director', 'Administration', 'Komodo', 'Tel.', 'agnes', 'agence', 'capvalue', 'Mayotte', 'rates', '7 :45', '06']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30784,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COFACE-SA-16699936/news/COFACE-SA-Moody-s-upgrades-Coface-s-main-operating-company-to-A1-IFSR-stable-outlook-44945322/,COFACE SA: Moody's upgrades Coface's main operating company to A1 IFSR  stable outlook -September 28  2023 at 12:31 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) COFACE SA: Moody's upgrades Coface's main operating company to A1 IFSR  stable outlook Paris  28 September 2023 – 18.30 The rating agency Moody’s  on 28th September 2023  has upgraded the financial strength rating for Coface to A1 from A2…,COFACE SA: Moody's upgrades Coface's main operating company toA1 IFSR  stable outlookParis  28 September 2023 – 18.30The rating agency Moody’s  on 28th September 2023  has upgraded the financial strength rating (Insurance Financial Strength Rating – IFSR) for Coface to A1 from A2. The agency has also changed the outlook for Coface to stable from positive.In its press release  Moody’s highlights that this rating reflects “the increasing diversification of the group and the enhanced monitoring and improved management of credit risk exposures  which Moody's expects to result in lower volatility in profits and make the insurer better placed to weather an economic downturn. The upgrade also reflects the good capitalisation level maintained by the group since 2020 and the improvement in asset quality.”In addition  Coface’s profitability has been very strong in the last five years  with an average combined ratio of 71% between 2018 and 2022.Moody’s also believes that  since 2016  “the grouphas improved its risk monitoring processes and it has been more proactive to adjust its risk portfolio. Even ifearnings volatility will remain a feature of the credit insurance industry  Moody's expects volatility toremain moderate.”Last  in its outlook  the rating agency underscores that this “stable outlook reflects Moody's expectation that Coface will maintain a Solvency II ratio above 180%  a leverage ratio below 30% and that the group will not increase meaningfully its underwriting or asset risk appetite.”Phalla Gervais  Chief Finance & Risk Officer  commented:“We are very pleased with the upgrade from Moody’s to A1. This rewards Coface teams’ work and recognizes the high level of service offered to our clients. It also recognizes Coface’s agility and resilience  as well as the quality of its risk management  which are at the heart of our culture and expertise. Coface is on track to deliver its Build to Lead strategic plan and is actively preparing the next chapter that will be presented on 5th March 2024.”CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comAdrien BILLET: +33 1 49 02 23 63 – adrien.billet@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023/2024(subject to change)9M-2023 results: 14 November 2023 (after market close)Investor Day: 5 March 2024 (Paris)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2023 and our 2022 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com .COFACE: FOR TRADEWith over 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance & risk management  and a recognized provider of Factoring  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Bonding  and Information Services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients in 100 countries build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses. With Coface’s insight and advice  these companies can make informed decisions. The Group' solutions strengthen their ability to sell by providing them with reliable information on their commercial partners and protecting them against non-payment risks  both domestically and for export. In 2022  Coface employed ~4 720 people and registered a turnover of €1.81 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2023 under the number D.23-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.25,0.31,True,English,"['main operating company', 'A1 IFSR', 'stable outlook', 'COFACE SA', 'Moody', 'September', '12:31', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Insurance Financial Strength Rating', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'credit insurance industry', 'main operating company', 'Lead strategic plan', 'Interim Financial Report', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Single Risk insurance', 'trade credit insurance', 'credit risk exposures', 'good capitalisation level', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'Solvency II ratio', 'integral regulatory information', 'asset risk appetite', 'last five years', 'Main risk factors', ""The Group' solutions"", 'risk monitoring processes', 'Coface teams’ work', 'The Coface Group', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'risk portfolio', 'Risk Officer', 'high level', 'benoit.chastel', 'FOR TRADE', 'combined ratio', 'leverage ratio', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'risk management', 'regulated information', 'Information Services', 'reliable information', 'new information', 'rating agency', 'stable outlook', 'press release', 'increasing diversification', 'economic downturn', 'asset quality', 'Phalla Gervais', 'Chief Finance', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', '9M-2023 results', 'Investor Day', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'recognized provider', 'Debt Collection', 'global economy', 'informed decisions', 'commercial partners', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'improved management', 'non-payment risks', 'unidentified risks', 'COFACE SA', '28th September', 'next chapter', '5th March', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'lower volatility', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Adrien BILLET', '75 years', '28 September', '5 March', 'Moody', 'IFSR', 'A1', 'enhanced', 'profits', 'insurer', 'upgrade', 'improvement', 'addition', 'profitability', 'average', 'grouphas', 'feature', 'expectation', 'underwriting', 'clients', 'agility', 'resilience', 'heart', 'culture', 'expertise', 'track', 'Build', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'market', 'website', 'APM', 'H1', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '100 countries', 'insight', 'advice', 'companies', 'export', '~4,720 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'AMF', '6 April', 'number', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '49 02', '14']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30785,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2750881/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Sep 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0011 £ 24.0151 Estimated MTD return 0.76 % 0.88 % Estimated YTD return -2.77 % -1.68 % Estimated ITD return 170.01 % 140.15 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -12.60 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.64 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.3076 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.3267The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30786,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2750880/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Sep 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0011 £ 24.0151 Estimated MTD return 0.76 % 0.88 % Estimated YTD return -2.77 % -1.68 % Estimated ITD return 170.01 % 140.15 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -12.60 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.64 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.3076 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.3267The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30787,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/companies/oneweb-eutelsat-complete-merger-to-provide-satellite-services-soon-globally/article67357591.ece,OneWeb  Eutelsat merger to provide satellite services soon  globally,Eutelsat and Bharti Enterprises merge to form Eutelsat Group  a GEO-LEO integrated satellite group. Bharti is largest shareholder  Sunil Bharti Mittal Co-Chair  Shravin Bharti Mittal Director. Akhil Gupta Director of OneWeb  a 100% subsidiary of Eutelsat. Bha…,Paris-based Eutelsat Communications SA  one of the world’s leading satellite operators on Thursday announced the completion of its all-share combination with OneWeb  part of Bharti Enterprises  following the approval of the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of Eutelsat shareholders.Headquartered out of Paris  the merged entity will have Bharti Enterprises as its largest shareholder with 21.2 per cent share  in which Sunil Bharti Mittal will be the Viceeu-Président and Shravin Bharti Mittal  who spearheaded the OneWeb investment  taking it out of Chapter 11  will be Bharti’s lead as a Director on the Board of Eutelsat.Akhil Gupta will continue to serve as a Director on the Board of OneWeb  now a 100 per cent subsidiary of Eutelsat  the company said in a statement.Bharti Group is committed to be a long-term strategic investor in the Eutelsat Group.Connectivity ExpansionChristened as the Eutelsat Group  the new entity will be the first geostationary equatorial orbit - low Earth orbit (GEO-LEO) integrated satellite group  transforming space communications and addressing the fast-growing connectivity market  it said.OneWeb will be a subsidiary operating commercially as Eutelsat OneWeb with its center of operations remaining in London. The company remains listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange and has applied for standard listing on the London Stock Exchange  it added.“Closing the digital divide is a critical mission for achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals and this combination will synergise the efforts of both the businesses and will accelerate our progress. Today we have created a company  which will bring connectivity to all people around the world and will help us achieve our mission of last-mile connectivity ” Sunil Bharti Mittal  Founder and Chairman of Bharti Enterprises  and Co-Chair of the Board of Directors  Eutelsat Group  said.Bharti will be providing services in India later this year and importantly  reaching other countries in the global south to provide broadband connectivity to those who are deprived of being a part of the Digital Revolution  he added.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.67,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Eutelsat merger', 'satellite services', 'OneWeb', 'UN Sustainable Development Goals', 'first geostationary equatorial orbit', 'GEO-LEO) integrated satellite group', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'leading satellite operators', 'low Earth orbit', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'long-term strategic investor', 'London Stock Exchange', '21.2 per cent share', 'Sunil Bharti Mittal', 'Shravin Bharti Mittal', '100 per cent subsidiary', 'fast-growing connectivity market', 'Eutelsat Communications SA', 'Bharti Group', 'space communications', 'Eutelsat Group', 'Bharti Enterprises', 'share combination', 'largest shareholder', 'Viceeu-Président', 'Akhil Gupta', 'Connectivity Expansion', 'standard listing', 'digital divide', 'last-mile connectivity', 'other countries', 'global south', 'broadband connectivity', 'Digital Revolution', 'Eutelsat shareholders', 'new entity', 'critical mission', 'OneWeb investment', 'Eutelsat OneWeb', 'Paris-based', 'world', 'Thursday', 'completion', 'part', 'approval', 'Chapter', 'Director', 'Board', 'company', 'statement', 'center', 'operations', 'efforts', 'businesses', 'progress', 'people', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'services', 'India']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,thehindubusinessline.com
30788,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-named-among-the-top-10-best-workplaces-in-europe-301941258.html,Teleperformance named among the top 10 Best Workplaces in Europe,NEW YORK  Sept. 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  announced today that it was named among the top 10 Best Workplaces in Europe™ 2023 by Great Place to Work®. The company ranked the 7th Best Workplace in Eu…,"NEW YORK  Sept. 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  announced today that it was named among the top 10 Best Workplaces in Europe™ 2023 by Great Place to Work®. The company ranked the 7th Best Workplace in Europe among multinational companies in France  Greece  Italy  Portugal  Switzerland  Turkey and the U.K.Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  was named among the top 10 Best Workplaces in EuropeTM 2023 by Great Place to Work®.Nearly 34 000 Teleperformance employees across Europe participated in the annual confidential survey  which rated the digital business services company on trust  company values  leadership and innovation. Teleperformance employees overwhelmingly reported being treated fairly regardless of their social and economic status  gender  race or sexual orientation  and that Teleperformance provided a safe place to work. The survey results represent the work experiences of Teleperformance employees across the continent.""We are grateful for this recognition and humbled by the feedback from our employees who have helped create a strong culture of open dialogue  trust and respect "" said Joao Cardoso  Teleperformance President  Europe  Middle East  and Africa region. ""Being honored as one of the Best Workplaces in Europe is both an honor and a responsibility  and we are thankful to our employees who bring the best of themselves to work every day. That's why we take great care in fostering a workplace culture that celebrates and values each country's unique culture to strengthen connections with our team members while also nurturing a globally connected and interactive workforce.""Companies were considered for the list after being selected for local honors on national Best Workplaces™ lists. Earlier this year Teleperformance received Great Place to Work® certifications in 72 countries  including 25 countries across Europe where it operates. Today  over 99% of its 410 000 global employees work a in Great Place to Work®-certified location.""Congratulations to the Best Workplaces in Europe "" said Michael C. Bush  CEO of Great Place To Work. ""These companies offer lessons for companies in every market around the world: Build trust with your people  and they will reward you with great work  new ideas  and stronger business results.""Great Place to Work® is the global authority on workplace culture and employee experience. Its annual certification program is based on a rigorous methodology and independent employee feedback.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group's global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2219554/Teleperformance_Best_Workplaces_Europe_2023.jpgLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2058313/Teleperformance_Logo.jpgSOURCE Teleperformance",neutral,0.36,0.63,0.01,mixed,0.69,0.22,0.09,True,English,"['top 10 Best Workplaces', 'Teleperformance', 'Europe', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'national Best Workplaces™ lists', 'digital business services company', 'Great Place To Work', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'deferred settlement service', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Michael C. Bush', 'annual certification program', 'stronger business results', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'top 10 Best Workplaces', 'annual confidential survey', 'Euronext Paris market', '7th Best Workplace', 'independent employee feedback', 'corporate social responsibility', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'survey results', 'great care', 'great work', 'global leader', 'work experiences', 'Work® certifications', 'global authority', 'employee experience', 'Safety services', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'global scale', 'company values', 'workplace culture', 'safe place', '410,000 global employees', 'NEW YORK', 'U.K.', 'economic status', 'sexual orientation', 'strong culture', 'open dialogue', 'Joao Cardoso', 'Middle East', 'Africa region', 'unique culture', 'team members', 'interactive workforce', 'local honors', '®-certified location', 'new ideas', 'rigorous methodology', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'online users', 'brand reputation', 'recruitment process', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'Teleperformance President', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'TEP FP', 'The Group', 'passionate people', 'multinational companies', '34,000 Teleperformance employees', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'Europe™', 'PRNewswire', 'France', 'Greece', 'Italy', 'Portugal', 'Switzerland', 'Turkey', 'EuropeTM', 'trust', 'leadership', 'innovation', 'gender', 'race', 'continent', 'recognition', 'respect', 'country', 'connections', '72 countries', '25 countries', 'Congratulations', 'CEO', 'lessons', 'world', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'customers', 'range', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', '410,000 inspired', '300 languages', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'area', 'September', 'Photo', 'Teleperformance_Best_Workplaces_Europe', 'Logo']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,prnewswire.com
30789,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRBAC-5234/news/VIRBAC-current-operating-income-before-R-D-slightly-improving-throughout-first-half-of-2023-in-perc-44944917/,VIRBAC: current operating income before R&D slightly improving throughout first half of 2023 in percentage of revenue -September 28  2023 at 11:46 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) CONSOLIDATED FIGURES AS AT JUNE 30in € million   20232022 restated52023/2022 change Revenue610.5616.4-1.0% Change at constant exchange rates  +0.4% Change at constant exchange rates and scope1  +0.4% Current operating income  before depre…,CONSOLIDATED FIGURES AS AT JUNE 30in € million 2023 2022 restated5 2023/2022 change Revenue 610.5 616.4 -1.0% Change at constant exchange rates +0.4% Change at constant exchange rates and scope1 +0.4% Current operating income  before depreciation of assets from acquisitions2 109.9 117.4 -6.4% as a % of revenue - before R&D and at constant rates 25.0% 24.6% as a % of revenueas a % of revenue at constant rates 18.0%18.4% 19.0%Operating income 108.5 115.5 -6.0% Consolidated net income 74.8 77.6 -3.6% Including net income - Group share 75.0 77.5 Shareholders’ equity - Group Share 898.5 820.0 +9.6% Net cash3 51.6 19.6 163.0% Operating cash flow before interest and taxes4 132.4 138.3 -4.3%1 change at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to the organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the one from the previous financial year)  and excluding change in scope  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous financial year2 current operating income  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions  reflects current income adjusted for the impact of allowances for depreciation of intangible assets resulting from acquisition transactions3 net cash corresponds to current (€72.8 million) and non-current (€62.0 million) financial liabilities as well as a lease obligation related to the application of IFRS 16 (€34.7 million)  less the cash position and cash equivalents (€221.0 million) as published in the statement of financial position4 Operating cash flow corresponds to operating income before depreciation of assets from acquisitions (€109.9 million) restated for asset depreciation and impairments (€21.0 million) as well as items having no impact on the cash position (€1.4 million)5 non-material impact of restatement linked to IAS 12 amendment relating to deferred tax assets and liabilities - see full note in the half-year financial reportThe accounts were audited by the statutory auditors and reviewed by the board of directors on September 26  2023. The report of the statutory auditors is in the process of being issued. The statements and detailed presentation of the half-year results will be available on the corporate site at corporate.virbac.com on October 6.As of the end of June  our turnover amounted to €610.5 million compared to €616.4 million in 2022  an overall change of -1.0%. Excluding currency effects  sales remained stable at +0.4%  favorably impacted by price increases (estimated effect of around +5%) offsetting the drop in volumes already observed and which reflects the animal health market trend witnessed for almost twelve months.Across geographies  dynamics are contrasted with first of all Europe where activity increased by +2.7% at constant exchange rates  mainly thanks to the contribution of France as well as South Europe’s countries and despite declining sales of dogs and cats vaccines arising from temporary limitations in our production capacities during the first semester. In Asia-Pacific (+2.2% at constant rates)  our products for farm animals continue to fuel our growth in Australia and New Zealand  while our activity in India remains relatively stable compared to 2022  a year which saw very strong growth. Sales in China were down  penalized by weak sales in the first quarter. The Latin America zone is declining (-7.0% at constant rates)  penalized by the significant drop in activity of our subsidiary in Chile (-33.4% at constant rates) in particular on the antibiotic and parasiticide ranges which suffer from a base effect linked to the interruption of our main parasiticide product commercialization in July 2022. Excluding Chile and at constant exchange rates  the change in activity is positive at +3.7%  supported by Mexico  Brazil and the countries of Central America  despite the decline in dogs and cats vaccines’ sales following temporary limitations in our production capacities. Finally  the activity of our subsidiary in North America is down slightly over the period  mainly explained by a base effect and distributors’ destocking in the first half of 2023.The Current operating income before depreciation of assets resulting from acquisitions amounts to €109.9 million  down compared to the first half of 2022 (€117.4 million)  i.e. a drop of 1 point of “current operating income before depreciation of assets resulting from acquisitions” ratio to “revenue” which stands at 18.0%. After restatement for the unfavorable exchange rate impact  this same ratio stands at 18.4%  a slight erosion of -0.6 point compared to 2022. This erosion is mainly explained by an increase in our R&D expenses (+ €6.4 million or +1.0 point compared to revenue) in connection with our previous communications disclosing our ambitions to accelerate our investments in this area. At constant exchange rates and before R&D  current operating income before depreciation of assets resulting from acquisitions is therefore improved by approximately +0.4 points over the period  despite animal health market declining volumes  a one-off unfavorable effect on our companion animal vaccines’ production capacities  as well as the consequences of the cyberattack of June 2023.Apart from R&D effects  our price increases allow us to compensate for a slight unfavorable mix effect and thus improve our gross margin on material costs in relative value. Over the period  we also observed a drop in transport costs as well as  to a lesser extent  a decrease of external marketing expenses linked to products launches phasing. These elements allow us to offset an increase in personnel costs which can be explained by the impact of salary increases and the strengthening of our workforce in both industrial and commercial functions.Consolidated net income stood at €74.8 million  down by -3.6% compared to the first half of 2022 (€77.6 million). As explained above  this drop is mainly explained by the decrease in operating profit subsequent to both  sales decline and additional efforts deployed in R&D. In addition  our financial result is positive at €0.9 million  a strong increase compared to the first half of 2022 (loss of -€8.1 million linked mainly to the depreciation of the Chilean peso over the period). Over the first half of 2023  the profit generated by the appreciation of the Chilean peso against the US dollar is offset by the depreciation of the euro on certain currencies such as the Mexican peso.Net income - Group share amounted to €75.0 million  a decrease of -3.2% compared to the first half of the previous year (€77.5 million).On the financial side  our net cash amounts to €51.6 million at the end of June 2022  compared to €79.4 million at the end of December 2022. This deterioration over the first six months of the year is  as with every year  mainly due to the cyclical nature of our cash generation model  with cash generation occurring mostly in the second half of the year. This situation was amplified over the period with one-off reduction of the amount of factored accounts receivables as well as an overall reduction of accounts payables.It should be noted that in September 2023  Virbac unanimously obtained from its banks a one-year extension of the maturity of its €200 million syndicated financing contract  which is now fixed at October 2028.OutlookIn line with our press release of July 3  2023  we confirm our revised forecasts with revenue growth at constant rates and scope expected in a range between 0% and 4% and a ratio of “current operating income before amortization of assets from acquisitions” on “turnover” which should consolidate between 12% and 13% at constant exchange rates.ANALYSTS’ PRESENTATION - VIRBACWe will hold a virtual analyst meeting on Monday  October 9  2023 at 2:15 p.m. (Paris time - CEST).Information for participants :Webcast access link: https://bit.ly/ 44bXlbiThis access link is available on the corporate.virbac.com site  under the heading “financial press releases.” This link allows participants to access the live and/or archived version of the webcast.You can ask questions via chat (text) directly during the webcast or after watching the replay at the following email address: finances@virbac.com.A lifelong commitment to animal healthAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  farmers and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services enables us to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and to shaping the future of animal health together.Virbac: Euronext Paris - Compartment A - ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs department: tel. +33 4 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,positive,0.55,0.43,0.02,mixed,0.22,0.18,0.6,True,English,"['current operating income', 'R&D', 'first half', 'VIRBAC', 'percentage', 'revenue', 'September', '11:46', 'animal health market trend', 'main parasiticide product commercialization', 'The Latin America zone', 'unfavorable exchange rate impact', 'exchange rate variations', 'identical exchange rates', 'constant exchange rates', 'Operating cash flow', 'Consolidated net income', 'R&D expenses', 'Current operating income', 'previous financial year', 'deferred tax assets', 'half-year financial report', 'cats vaccines’ sales', 'constant rates', 'parasiticide ranges', 'current income', 'previous communications', 'Central America', 'North America', '3 net cash', 'financial position', 'half-year results', 'cash position', 'cash equivalents', 'Net cash3', 'acquisition transactions', 'financial liabilities', 'lease obligation', '5 non-material impact', 'IAS 12 amendment', 'full note', 'statutory auditors', 'detailed presentation', 'currency effects', 'price increases', 'twelve months', 'temporary limitations', 'production capacities', 'first semester', 'farm animals', 'New Zealand', 'first quarter', 'distributors’ destocking', 'first half', 'organic growth', 'declining sales', 'strong growth', 'weak sales', 'base effect', 'corporate site', 'South Europe', 'same ratio', 'slight erosion', 'intangible assets', 'significant drop', 'overall change', 'asset depreciation', 'Group share', '1 change', 'FIGURES', 'JUNE', 'Revenue', 'scope1', 'acquisitions2', 'interest', 'taxes4', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', 'allowances', 'application', 'IFRS', 'statement', 'impairments', 'items', 'accounts', 'board', 'directors', 'September', 'process', 'virbac', 'October', 'turnover', 'volumes', 'geographies', 'dynamics', 'activity', 'contribution', 'France', 'countries', 'dogs', 'Asia-Pacific', 'products', 'Australia', 'India', 'China', 'subsidiary', 'Chile', 'antibiotic', 'interruption', 'July', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'decline', 'period', '1 point', '0.6 point', 'connection', 'ambitions', 'investments', 'area']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30790,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/28/2751462/0/en/VIRBAC-current-operating-income-before-R-D-slightly-improving-throughout-first-half-of-2023-in-percentage-of-revenue.html,VIRBAC: current operating income before R&D slightly improving throughout first half of 2023 in percentage of revenue,1 change at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to the organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of ide…,CONSOLIDATED FIGURES AS AT JUNE 30in € million 2023 2022 restated5 2023/2022 change Revenue 610.5 616.4 -1.0% Change at constant exchange rates +0.4% Change at constant exchange rates and scope1 +0.4% Current operating income  before depreciation of assets from acquisitions2 109.9 117.4 -6.4% as a % of revenue - before R&D and at constant rates 25.0% 24.6% as a % of revenueas a % of revenue at constant rates 18.0%18.4% 19.0%Operating income 108.5 115.5 -6.0% Consolidated net income 74.8 77.6 -3.6% Including net income - Group share 75.0 77.5 Shareholders’ equity - Group Share 898.5 820.0 +9.6% Net cash3 51.6 19.6 163.0% Operating cash flow before interest and taxes4 132.4 138.3 -4.3%1 change at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to the organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the one from the previous financial year)  and excluding change in scope  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous financial year2 current operating income  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions  reflects current income adjusted for the impact of allowances for depreciation of intangible assets resulting from acquisition transactions3 net cash corresponds to current (€72.8 million) and non-current (€62.0 million) financial liabilities as well as a lease obligation related to the application of IFRS 16 (€34.7 million)  less the cash position and cash equivalents (€221.0 million) as published in the statement of financial position4 Operating cash flow corresponds to operating income before depreciation of assets from acquisitions (€109.9 million) restated for asset depreciation and impairments (€21.0 million) as well as items having no impact on the cash position (€1.4 million)5 non-material impact of restatement linked to IAS 12 amendment relating to deferred tax assets and liabilities - see full note in the half-year financial reportThe accounts were audited by the statutory auditors and reviewed by the board of directors on September 26  2023. The report of the statutory auditors is in the process of being issued. The statements and detailed presentation of the half-year results will be available on the corporate site at corporate.virbac.com on October 6.As of the end of June  our turnover amounted to €610.5 million compared to €616.4 million in 2022  an overall change of -1.0%. Excluding currency effects  sales remained stable at +0.4%  favorably impacted by price increases (estimated effect of around +5%) offsetting the drop in volumes already observed and which reflects the animal health market trend witnessed for almost twelve months.Across geographies  dynamics are contrasted with first of all Europe where activity increased by +2.7% at constant exchange rates  mainly thanks to the contribution of France as well as South Europe’s countries and despite declining sales of dogs and cats vaccines arising from temporary limitations in our production capacities during the first semester. In Asia-Pacific (+2.2% at constant rates)  our products for farm animals continue to fuel our growth in Australia and New Zealand  while our activity in India remains relatively stable compared to 2022  a year which saw very strong growth. Sales in China were down  penalized by weak sales in the first quarter. The Latin America zone is declining (-7.0% at constant rates)  penalized by the significant drop in activity of our subsidiary in Chile (-33.4% at constant rates) in particular on the antibiotic and parasiticide ranges which suffer from a base effect linked to the interruption of our main parasiticide product commercialization in July 2022. Excluding Chile and at constant exchange rates  the change in activity is positive at +3.7%  supported by Mexico  Brazil and the countries of Central America  despite the decline in dogs and cats vaccines’ sales following temporary limitations in our production capacities. Finally  the activity of our subsidiary in North America is down slightly over the period  mainly explained by a base effect and distributors’ destocking in the first half of 2023.The Current operating income before depreciation of assets resulting from acquisitions amounts to €109.9 million  down compared to the first half of 2022 (€117.4 million)  i.e. a drop of 1 point of “current operating income before depreciation of assets resulting from acquisitions” ratio to “revenue” which stands at 18.0%. After restatement for the unfavorable exchange rate impact  this same ratio stands at 18.4%  a slight erosion of -0.6 point compared to 2022. This erosion is mainly explained by an increase in our R&D expenses (+ €6.4 million or +1.0 point compared to revenue) in connection with our previous communications disclosing our ambitions to accelerate our investments in this area. At constant exchange rates and before R&D  current operating income before depreciation of assets resulting from acquisitions is therefore improved by approximately +0.4 points over the period  despite animal health market declining volumes  a one-off unfavorable effect on our companion animal vaccines’ production capacities  as well as the consequences of the cyberattack of June 2023.Apart from R&D effects  our price increases allow us to compensate for a slight unfavorable mix effect and thus improve our gross margin on material costs in relative value. Over the period  we also observed a drop in transport costs as well as  to a lesser extent  a decrease of external marketing expenses linked to products launches phasing. These elements allow us to offset an increase in personnel costs which can be explained by the impact of salary increases and the strengthening of our workforce in both industrial and commercial functions.Consolidated net income stood at €74.8 million  down by -3.6% compared to the first half of 2022 (€77.6 million). As explained above  this drop is mainly explained by the decrease in operating profit subsequent to both  sales decline and additional efforts deployed in R&D. In addition  our financial result is positive at €0.9 million  a strong increase compared to the first half of 2022 (loss of -€8.1 million linked mainly to the depreciation of the Chilean peso over the period). Over the first half of 2023  the profit generated by the appreciation of the Chilean peso against the US dollar is offset by the depreciation of the euro on certain currencies such as the Mexican peso.Net income - Group share amounted to €75.0 million  a decrease of -3.2% compared to the first half of the previous year (€77.5 million).On the financial side  our net cash amounts to €51.6 million at the end of June 2022  compared to €79.4 million at the end of December 2022. This deterioration over the first six months of the year is  as with every year  mainly due to the cyclical nature of our cash generation model  with cash generation occurring mostly in the second half of the year. This situation was amplified over the period with one-off reduction of the amount of factored accounts receivables as well as an overall reduction of accounts payables.It should be noted that in September 2023  Virbac unanimously obtained from its banks a one-year extension of the maturity of its €200 million syndicated financing contract  which is now fixed at October 2028.OutlookIn line with our press release of July 3  2023  we confirm our revised forecasts with revenue growth at constant rates and scope expected in a range between 0% and 4% and a ratio of “current operating income before amortization of assets from acquisitions” on “turnover” which should consolidate between 12% and 13% at constant exchange rates.ANALYSTS’ PRESENTATION - VIRBACWe will hold a virtual analyst meeting on Monday  October 9  2023 at 2:15 p.m. (Paris time - CEST).Information for participants :Webcast access link: https://bit.ly/ 44bXlbiThis access link is available on the corporate.virbac.com site  under the heading “financial press releases.” This link allows participants to access the live and/or archived version of the webcast.You can ask questions via chat (text) directly during the webcast or after watching the replay at the following email address: finances@virbac.com.A lifelong commitment to animal healthAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  farmers and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services enables us to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and to shaping the future of animal health together.Virbac: Euronext Paris - Compartment A - ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs department: tel. +33 4 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,positive,0.63,0.35,0.02,mixed,0.22,0.18,0.6,True,English,"['current operating income', 'R&D', 'first half', 'VIRBAC', 'percentage', 'revenue', 'animal health market trend', 'main parasiticide product commercialization', 'The Latin America zone', 'unfavorable exchange rate impact', 'exchange rate variations', 'identical exchange rates', 'constant exchange rates', 'Operating cash flow', 'Consolidated net income', 'R&D expenses', 'Current operating income', 'previous financial year', 'deferred tax assets', 'half-year financial report', 'cats vaccines’ sales', 'constant rates', 'parasiticide ranges', 'current income', 'previous communications', 'Central America', 'North America', '3 net cash', 'financial position', 'half-year results', 'cash position', 'cash equivalents', 'Net cash3', 'acquisition transactions', 'financial liabilities', 'lease obligation', '5 non-material impact', 'IAS 12 amendment', 'full note', 'statutory auditors', 'detailed presentation', 'currency effects', 'price increases', 'twelve months', 'temporary limitations', 'production capacities', 'first semester', 'farm animals', 'New Zealand', 'first quarter', 'distributors’ destocking', 'first half', 'organic growth', 'declining sales', 'strong growth', 'weak sales', 'base effect', 'corporate site', 'South Europe', 'same ratio', 'slight erosion', 'intangible assets', 'significant drop', 'overall change', 'asset depreciation', 'Group share', '1 change', 'FIGURES', 'JUNE', 'Revenue', 'scope1', 'acquisitions2', 'interest', 'taxes4', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', 'allowances', 'application', 'IFRS', 'statement', 'impairments', 'items', 'accounts', 'board', 'directors', 'September', 'process', 'virbac', 'October', 'turnover', 'volumes', 'geographies', 'dynamics', 'activity', 'contribution', 'France', 'countries', 'dogs', 'Asia-Pacific', 'products', 'Australia', 'India', 'China', 'subsidiary', 'Chile', 'antibiotic', 'interruption', 'July', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'decline', 'period', '1 point', '0.6 point', 'connection', 'ambitions', 'investments', 'area']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,globenewswire.com
30791,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATEME-16917716/news/Ateme-FIRST-HALF-2023-RESULTS-44945005/,Ateme : FIRST HALF 2023 RESULTS -September 28  2023 at 12:00 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)  REVENUES UP 15% WITH 14% RISE IN GROSS MARGIN OPERATING LOSS OF €2.6 MILLION  IN LINE WITH SEASONAL TREND ALL FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES CONFIRMEDConsolidated data H1 2022H1 2023ChangeIFRS  H1 2023/2022Revenues42.949.1+…,"REVENUES UP 15% WITH 14% RISE IN GROSS MARGINOPERATING LOSS OF €2.6 MILLION  IN LINE WITH SEASONAL TRENDALL FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES CONFIRMEDConsolidated data (in € million) H1 2022 H1 2023 Change IFRS H1 2023/2022 Revenues 42.9 49.1 +15% Gross profit 24.9 28.4 +14% Gross margin (%) 58.0% 57.8% -0.2 pts Operating profit -1.3 -2.4 Operating margin (%) -3.0% -5.1% Financial profit / loss 1.2 -0.9 Tax income -0.1 0.1 Group net profit -0.1 -3.3 Net margin (%) -0.3% -6.7% EBITDA[1] 1.3 0Paris  Sept 28  2023 – ATEME (ISIN: FR0011992700)  the global specialist in video delivery  has published its 2023 Half Year results. The financial statements for the Six Months to June 30th  2023  were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on 27 September. The limited review of the company's financial information by its statutory auditors is complete and the limited review report will be issued no later than September 30  2023.Adjusted H1 revenuesFirst Half revenues amounted to €49.1 million a 15% increase year-on-year on a reported basis and 14% like-for-like.[2]The USA/Canada region generated revenues of €25.5 million  up 40% (39% like-for-like)  confirming its position as the Group's largest market  representing 53% of revenues.EMEA revenues stood at €13.6 million  up 16% reported and like-for-like  including a 1.1 M€ positive adjustment versus the €12.5 million reported on 12 th July as a result of the recognition of a larger portion of a deal following the limited statutory audit review.July as a result of the recognition of a larger portion of a deal following the limited statutory audit review. Asia Pacific revenues declined by 14% (same like-for-like) to €6.9 million reflecting a tough comparison base in 2022 when topline growth was 68% like-for-like.Latin America revenues were down 36% (same like-for-like) to €3.1 million  reflecting a more difficult commercial environment.Demanding base effect for comparing first-half profitability with the previous yearThe operating result stood at a loss of €2.4 million  versus €1.3 million in H1 2022  but to be placed in the context of a €4.8 million deficit in 2021  in line with the Group's usual seasonal pattern. The gross margin was virtually stable at 58%.During the First Half  Ateme continued investments to accelerate its innovation roadmap and global expansion:R&D investments increased by 20% versus H1 2022 (+€2.1 million)  at 24.7% of the topline.Sales and Marketing costs were up 18% over the same period (+€2.5 million)  at 32.3% of the topline.Improved cash positionIn terms of global supply chain  market conditions have improved. Kyrion deliveries have resumed  and our server partners  Dell and HPe  have considerably improved lead times. This has had a positive impact on our balance sheet  with inventories down €3 million compared to December 2022  and our available cash position has improved to almost € 10 million.New technological developmentsOver the last three months  Ateme has continued to support the media & entertainment industry as it transforms the way it reaches and engages audiences. Its latest developments facilitate new ways of consuming video and engaging fans  democratize immersive viewing experiences  and open up new opportunities with Spatial Computing. They also inject flexibility at every step of the video workflow while enhancing efficiency to reduce the carbon footprint. More details can be found at the following links:Accedo  Ateme transform in-stadium experiences with AWSAteme Introduces its Next-Generation Video CompressionAteme Introduces Ateme+ Packaging Service at IBC2023Ateme joins Akamai qualified computing partner programAteme behind Viacom18's top video quality and immersive sound experience for Indian Premier League 2023Ateme enables the first 5G broadcast transmission in the USElsewhere  Ateme has focused on helping the industry increase revenues while maintaining prudent content investments  through both geographic expansion and the leveraging of existing international resources. More details can be found at the following links:Ateme Powers Foxtel's Global Content Acquisition for the Australian TV MarketAteme's Video Headend Feeds Nilesat's Latest SatelliteFull Year Sales growth and EBITDA targets confirmedThe established seasonal pattern  with Second Half revenues always exceeding the First Half  is expected to continue in 2023. Therefore  our revenues growth target of 10% to 15% remains perfectly achievable  moreover with a less unfavorable base effect on the second semester.Following the investments of the First Half  the Second Half will see a pause  with the global headcount remaining virtually stable until the end of the year.We are confident the seasonal acceleration in Second Half revenues will enable us to reach our target of exceeding €5 million EBITDA on a full year basis.We also maintain our objective of €3 million in Monthly Recurring Revenue[3] in 2024.Ateme's growing visibility was confirmed by its recent success at the IBC trade show which took place in mid-September in Amsterdam  with an all-time high attendance of its booth  up 58% versus 2022  to be compared with an increase of just 16% in total attendance of the show.Michel Artières  Chairman and CEO of Ateme  commented: ""The H1 performance is in line with our expectations and our seasonal pattern. We have strong visibility on our sales pipeline  enabling us to confirm our Full Year revenue and profitability targets objectives as we enter the most buoyant quarter of the year. Our confidence in our ability to meet our mid-term recurring revenues and profitability targets is reinforced”.Upcoming event:November 8th  2023: Third Quarter 2023 revenuesAbout Ateme: Ateme is a global leader of video compression and delivery solutions helping Tier-1 Content Providers  Service Providers and Streaming Platforms to boost their viewership and subscription engagement.Leveraging a unique R&D task force in the video industry  Ateme's solutions power green sustainable TV services  improve end-users' quality of experience  optimize the total cost of ownership of TV/VOD services and generate new revenue streams based on personalization and ad insertion. Beyond the technology agility  Ateme's value proposition is to partner with his customers by offering a great flexibility in the engagement and business models matching their financial priorities. A consequence is a rapid shift to Recurring Revenues  boosting the company resilience and creating long term value for the shareholders.Founded in 1991  Ateme has 560 employees spread over its headquarters in France and 20 offices around the world including the USA  Brazil  Argentina  UK  Spain  Germany  the UAE  Singapore  China  Korea  and Australia.Ateme has been listed on the Paris Euronext market since 2014 and in November 2020 it made the acquisition of Anevia  a provider of OTT and IPTV software solutions. In 2022  Ateme served close to 1 000 customers worldwide with revenues of €90 million  of which more than 90% outside its home market.Find out more: www.ateme.com.Name: ATEME - ISIN Code: FR0011992700 - Ticker: ATEME - Compartment: CAteme INVESTOR RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS Michel ArtièresChairman and CEO Anne-Catherine BonjourTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93ateme@actus.fr Amaury DugastTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frDISCLAIMERThis press release does not constitute or form part of and should not be construed as any offer for sale of or solicitation of any offer to buy any securities of Ateme  nor should it  or any part of it  form the basis of or be relied on in connection with any contract or commitment whatsoever concerning Ateme's assets  activities or shares.All statements other than historical facts included in this presentation  including without limitations  those regarding Atemes' position  business strategy  plans and objectives are forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management's current views and assumptions. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to impact of external events on customers and suppliers; the effects of competing technologies competition generally in main markets; profitability of the expansion strategy; litigation; ability to establish and maintain strategic relationships in major businesses; and the effect of future acquisitions and investments.Ateme expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this presentation to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. These materials are supplied to you solely for your information and may not be copied or distributed to any other person (whether in or outside your organization) or published  in whole or in part  for any purpose.[1] EBITDA = earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation. Underlying EBITDA equals Group pre-tax profit before deduction of interest  depreciation  amortisation and impairment charges on non-current assets  and staff share-based payments  but after impairment of inventories and trade receivables. It shows profit generated by business activities regardless of financing conditions  tax constraints and the upgrading of operating assets. Non-recurring expenses (one-off  unusual or infrequent items) are excluded.[2] Versus 48.0 M€ unaudited reported on July 12. 1.1 M€ increase reflects adjustment in the revenue recognition of an EMEA deal following the limited review by statutory auditors.[3] MRR: Alternative performance indicator not subject to review by Ateme's statutory auditors: monthly recurring revenue is defined as the sum of (1) monthly sales from support contracts already signed  (2) monthly sales from multi-year license contracts already signed (CAPEX) and (3) monthly sales from license rental contracts (OPEX).This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mGhtlceZkpmWmZxsk8tsnGiZmmphlWGXZ2fJmGdwaZ/Ia5pgyJxobsmXZnFjlWpr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82055-pr_ateme_h1_2023_results_eng_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.21,0.42,True,English,"['FIRST HALF 2023 RESULTS', 'Ateme', 'September', '12:00', 'Akamai qualified computing partner program Ateme', 'first 5G broadcast transmission', 'limited statutory audit review', 'Australian TV Market Ateme', 'Full Year Sales growth', 'limited review report', 'The USA/Canada region', 'difficult commercial environment', 'Ateme+ Packaging Service', 'immersive sound experience', 'Indian Premier League', 'existing international resources', 'IBC trade show', 'tough comparison base', '1.1 M€ positive adjustment', 'last three months', 'immersive viewing experiences', 'global supply chain', 'Global Content Acquisition', 'Asia Pacific revenues', 'Latin America revenues', 'Next-Generation Video Compression', 'top video quality', 'unfavorable base effect', 'R&D investments', 'prudent content investments', 'Ateme Powers Foxtel', '2023 Half Year results', 'New technological developments', 'full year basis', 'usual seasonal pattern', 'available cash position', 'First Half revenues', 'Second Half revenues', 'revenues growth target', 'Group net profit', 'Spatial Computing', 'statutory auditors', 'largest market', 'market conditions', 'Net margin', 'Six Months', 'positive impact', 'latest developments', 'stadium experiences', 'second semester', 'global specialist', 'global expansion', 'global headcount', 'previous year', 'new ways', 'new opportunities', 'topline growth', 'SEASONAL TREND', 'Gross profit', 'Operating profit', 'Financial profit', 'seasonal acceleration', 'video delivery', 'EMEA revenues', 'video workflow', 'Video Headend', 'GROSS MARGIN', 'FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES', 'Consolidated data', 'Change IFRS', 'Operating margin', '9 Tax income', 'financial statements', 'June 30th', 'financial information', '12 th July', 'larger portion', 'first-half profitability', 'innovation roadmap', 'Marketing costs', 'same period', 'Kyrion deliveries', 'server partners', 'lead times', 'balance sheet', 'engaging fans', 'carbon footprint', 'More details', 'following links', 'geographic expansion', 'Latest Satellite', 'Recurring Revenue', 'growing visibility', 'recent success', 'IBC2023 Ateme', '€4.8 million deficit', 'EBITDA targets', 'H1 revenues', 'entertainment industry', '€5 million EBITDA', 'OPERATING LOSS', 'operating result', '6 MILLION', '14% RISE', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '27 September', 'company', 'recognition', 'deal', 'context', 'terms', 'Dell', 'HPe', 'inventories', 'December', 'media', 'audiences', 'flexibility', 'step', 'efficiency', 'Accedo', 'AWS', 'Viacom18', 'leveraging', 'Nilesat', 'less', 'pause', 'place', 'mid-Sept']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30792,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-adds-new-unified-patent-court-case-law-tracker-to-kluwer-ip-law-301941601.html,Wolters Kluwer adds new Unified Patent Court Case Law Tracker to Kluwer IP Law,Customers will have access to exclusive summaries and annotations provided by experts NEW YORK  Sept. 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. has updated its award-winning intellectual property rights and registration solution Kluwer I…,"Customers will have access to exclusive summaries and annotations provided by expertsNEW YORK  Sept. 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. has updated its award-winning intellectual property rights and registration solution Kluwer IP Law with the addition of an intuitive UPC Case Law Tracker. Customers will be able to track patent decisions made by the newly operational Unified Patent Court (UPC) that determine the infringement and validity of both Unitary Patents and classic European Patents.""The UPC Case Law Tracker offers crucial information to legal professionals in a timely  easy-to-access format "" said David Bartolone  Vice President and General Manager within Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. ""This tool is our latest step in maintaining our position at the forefront of IP expertise as we continue to provide expert solutions that directly meet the needs of our customers.""Customers leveraging UPC Case Law Tracker will have access to headnotes  authoritative summaries  and full texts of the patent cases that have been annotated to provide analytical frameworks. Each case is expertly reported on and summarized in English  and customers also have the option of reviewing decisions in their original language. The UPC Case Law Tracker is a part of Kluwer IP Law's UP/UPC Hub  a vital source for industry developments  news  and key commentaries from leading experts.Kluwer IP Law is Wolters Kluwer's premier service focused on all key IP law  providing legal professionals with quick answers and expert commentary from prominent practitioners and thought leaders. Kluwer IP Law also provides users with key EPC sources for European patent attorneys  such as Visser's Annotated European Patent Convention and the PCT Practice and Strategy work.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .MEDIA CONTACT:Frank ReadySenior Specialist  External CommunicationsLegal & RegulatoryWolters KluwerOffice: 717-205-3647Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['new Unified Patent Court Case Law Tracker', 'Kluwer IP Law', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'intuitive UPC Case Law Tracker', 'The UPC Case Law Tracker', 'award-winning intellectual property rights', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Frank Ready Senior Specialist', 'operational Unified Patent Court', 'Annotated European Patent Convention', 'European patent attorneys', 'Kluwer IP Law', 'key IP law', 'deep domain knowledge', 'classic European Patents', 'key EPC sources', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'patent cases', 'IP expertise', 'patent decisions', 'key commentaries', 'Unitary Patents', 'exclusive summaries', 'NEW YORK', 'registration solution', 'David Bartolone', 'Vice President', 'General Manager', 'latest step', 'expert solutions', 'authoritative summaries', 'full texts', 'analytical frameworks', 'original language', 'UP/UPC Hub', 'industry developments', 'premier service', 'quick answers', 'expert commentary', 'prominent practitioners', 'thought leaders', 'PCT Practice', 'Strategy work', 'global leader', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'External Communications', 'legal professionals', 'critical decisions', 'vital source', 'leading experts', 'crucial information', 'access format', 'Customers', 'annotations', 'PRNewswire', 'addition', 'infringement', 'validity', 'tool', 'position', 'forefront', 'needs', 'headnotes', 'English', 'option', 'part', 'users', 'Visser', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'software', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Email']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,prnewswire.com
30793,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-reports-its-2023-first-half-financial-results-and-provides-a-corporate-update-44946224/,Inventiva reports its 2023 first-half financial results and provides a corporate update,(marketscreener.com) Cash and cash equivalents at €31.2 million  short-term deposits at €0.05 million1  and long-term deposit at €9.3 million2  as of June 30  2023  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectivelR…,"Cash and cash equivalents at €31.2 million  short-term deposits at €0.05 million 1   and long-term deposit at €9.3 million 2   as of June 30  2023  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectivel  and long-term deposit at €9.3 million   as of June 30  2023  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectivel Revenues amounted to €1.9 million for the first half of 2023In August 2023  Inventiva received a financing of approximately €35.7 million from new and existing investors consisting of €30.6 million from a capital increase and €5.1 million issuance of royalty certificatesIn September 2023  Inventiva announced an exclusive licensing agreement with Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  to develop and commercialize lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH and potentially other metabolic diseases in Japan and South Korea. Under this agreement  Inventiva will receive a $10 million upfront payment and is eligible to receive up to $231 million in milestone paymentsWith the financial raise of €35.7 million  the expected upfront payment of $10 million from Hepalys Pharma  Inc. and milestone payment from CTTQ  Inventiva will meet the financial condition for the disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million of the European Investment Bank (“EIB”) 3   which is expected to extend Inventiva’s estimated cash runway until the beginning of the third quarter of 2024  which is expected to extend Inventiva’s estimated cash runway until the beginning of the third quarter of 2024 Implementation of a new ATM program replacing the existing programIn July 2023  Inventiva announced positive topline results of the Phase II clinical trial conducted by Dr. Kenneth Cusi  evaluating lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D  and confirming its favorable safety and tolerability profileFirst visit of the last patient for NATiV3 is targeted by the end of the second half of 2023Topline results of the LEGEND study with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D expected for the end of the first quarter of 2024Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  September 28  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today reported its financial results for the six months ended June 30  2023  and provided a corporate update.Frédéric Cren  Chairman  Chief Executive Officer and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “The first half of the year has been rich in progress for Inventiva. One of the major milestones achieved in recent months has been the positive topline results of the Phase II clinical trial initiated by Prof. Kenneth Cusi  evaluating lanifibranor in patients with T2D and NAFLD. These results further confirm the robustness of lanifibranor’s mechanism of action. On the clinical front  we have received confirmation from our partner Sino Biopharm  that it is eligible to start clinical development of lanifibranor in China  the second largestcountry in the world in terms of NASH population. Finally  we have made advancements in our pivotal Phase III clinical trial following the implementation of the new study design announced this past January. We are continuing to recruit patients in this trial and look forward to the months ahead  with the first visit of the last patient targeted for the end of the year. We have started the second half of this year with two major financial milestones as we have obtained a financing of approximately 36 million euros from new and existing investors and recently entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  to develop and commercialize lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH in Japan and South Korea. We are delighted with this partnership  which enables us to extend our international footprint to two countries where the prevalence of NASH is high and enables us to receive in addition to the 10 million dollars upfront  up to approximately 231 million dollars in milestone payments  subject to achievement of specified milestones. We are looking to the months ahead with great optimism.”Key financial results for the first half of 2023(in thousands of euros  except share and per share amounts) Six months ended June 30 2023 June 30 2022 Revenues 1 901 67 Other income 4 721 3 325 Research and development expenses (54 062) (29 866) Marketing – business development expenses (705) (278) General and administrative expenses (6 812) (6 847) Other operating income (expenses) (44) 131 Net operating loss (55 003) (33 468) Net financial income (273) 3 983 Income tax 7 19 Net loss for the period (55 269) (29 466) Basic/diluted loss per share (euros/share) (1 31) (0 72) Weighted average number of outstanding shares used for computing basic/diluted loss per share 42 044 796 40 864 457The Company’s revenues for the first half of 2023 amounted to €1.9 million  as compared to €0.1 million for the same period in 2022. The increase is mainly due to the receipt of the first regulatory milestone payment from CTTQ  Sino Biopharm’s subsidiary  which was received in July 2023. The milestone payment was triggered in May 2023 after CTTQ received the Investigational New Drug (“IND”) approval from the Chinese National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) to initiate the clinical development in mainland China of lanifibranor in NASH.Other income amounted to €4.7 million for the first half of 2023  as compared to €3.3 million for the first half of 2022  increased 42% mainly driven by the French R&D tax credit based on the increasing eligible expenses  by the U.S. R&D tax credit and to a lesser extent by the commencement of invoicing CTTQ  Sino Biopharm’s subsidiary for their clinical development expenses in Great China incurred by Inventiva.R&D expenses for the first half of 2023 amounted to €54.1 million  mainly driven by the development of lanifibranor in NASH  and were up 81% compared to the €29.9 million for the first half of 2022. This increase reflects the 2023 planned acceleration of the clinical development activities mostly driven by costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes (“T2D”).Marketing and business development expenses stood at (€0.7) million for the first half of 2023 compared to (€0.3) million for the same period in 2022 mainly related to the increasing market access activities to prepare for the potential commercial development of lanifibranor.General and administrative expenses (G&A) amounted to €6.8 million in the first half of 2023  stable compared to the first half of 2022.Net financial income (loss) amounted to (€0.3) million in the first half of 2023  compared to €4.0 million mainly related to less favourable foreign exchange rates in 2023 due to the depreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro during the period  and the full effect of the interest expenses related to the EIB and state loans contracted in 2022.The Company’s net loss stood at (€55.3) million as of June 30  2023 compared to (€29.5) million as of June 30  2022.As of June 30  2023  the Company’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to €31.2 million  short-term deposits amounted to 0.05 million2  and long-term deposit amounted to €9.3 million3  compared to €86.7 million  €1.0 million and €0.7 million as of December 31  2022  respectively.The €48.0 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents between June 30  2023 and December 31  2022 is mainly due to increased cash used in operating activities and reflects the 2023 planned acceleration of the clinical development activities mostly driven by costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH T2D.Net cash used in operating activities amounted to (€45.2) million in the first half of 2023  compared to (€26.2) million for the same period in 2022. R&D expenses for the first half of 2023 were up 81% compared to the first half of 2022. This increase related to clinical development activities planned in 2023.Net cash used in investing activities for the first half of 2023 amounted to (€7.7) million  compared to (€0.3) million in the first half of 2022. The change is mostly due to the change in deposits between both periods.Net cash used in financing activities for the first half of 2023 amounted to (€2.2) million  compared to net cash generated by financing activities of €14 million in the first half of 2022. The net cash generated in financing activities in 2022 was mainly driven by the equity raised through the Company’s At-The-Market Program for approximately €9.4 million (gross proceeds) in June 2022  and three loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million entered into in the first half of 2022. In the first half of 2023  the net cash used in financing activities was mainly due to loan reimbursement and medical imaging equipment debt rents.Over the first half of 2023  the Company recorded a negative exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents of (€0.4) million  compared to a positive effect of €2.4 million for the first half of 2022  due to the evolution of EUR/USD exchange rate.Following the August 2023 financing of €35.7 million in gross proceeds and the receipt of the CTTQ milestone net payment of €1.7 million received in July 2023  the Company believes  taking into account its current cost structure and forecast expenditure commitments  that its cash  cash equivalents and deposits should be sufficient to fund its operations until the beginning of the second quarter of 2024.Considering its current cost structure and forecast expenditure commitments  following the August 31  2023 financing of €35.7 million in gross proceeds and including the expected upfront payment from Hepalys Pharma of $10 million  and short term milestone from CTTQ that would be triggered by the 1st patient enrolled in Great China  and the expected satisfaction of the conditions for disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million of the EIB facility expected by the end of 2023  the Company estimates that including all of the foregoing  the Company’s cash  cash equivalents and deposits would allow the Company to funditsoperationsuntil the beginning of the third quarter of 2024.4Financial information after closing the accountsOn August 31  2023  the Company announced a financing of approximately €35.7 million in aggregate gross proceeds consisting of two transactions: (i) the issuance of 9 618 638 newly issued ordinary shares with a nominal value of €0.01 per share at a subscription price of €3.18 per share and aggregate gross proceeds of €30.6 million (the “Capital Increase”) and (ii) the issuance of royalty certificates for an amount of €5.1 million (the “Royalty Certificates”).On September 20  2023  the Company announced that Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  a Catalys Pacific company  and Inventiva have entered into an exclusive licensing agreement to develop and commercialize Inventiva’s proprietary drug candidate lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH and potentially other metabolic diseases in Japan and South Korea. Inventiva has exercised the option to acquire 30% of the shares Hepalys Pharma. Under the terms of this licensing agreement  Inventiva is entitled to receive a $10 million upfront payment from Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  and will be eligible to receive up to $ 231 million in milestone payments if certain clinical  regulatory and commercial conditions are met. Subject to regulatory approval  Inventiva will additionally have the right to receive tiered royalties from mid double digits to low twenties based on net sales of lanifibranor in Japan and Korea.Implementation of a new ATM program following the conclusion of a sales agreement with TD Cowen and replacing the existing ATM program dated August 2  2021Inventiva has filed today a prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding the implementation of a new At-The-Market (“ATM”) program  which replaces the existing ATM program implemented on August 2  20215 and allows the Company to issue and sell ""at-the-market""  including with unsolicited investors who have expressed an interest  ordinary shares in the form of American Depositary Shares (“ADS”)  each ADS representing one ordinary share of Inventiva  up to a maximum amount of USD 58 million (subject to a regulatory limit of 20% dilution and within the limits of the investors' requests expressed in the context of the program)  from time to time  pursuant to the terms of a new sale agreement entered into with TD Cowen  acting as sales agent. In connection with the establishment the new ATM program  Inventiva terminated the sales agreement concluded with Jefferies on August 2  2021  relating to its previous program  effective as of today. The maximum of USD 58 million under the new ATM program corresponds to the maximum amount of ADS available to be sold under the previous ATM program of USD 100 million  less sales of USD 42 million under the previous program performed since August 2  2021. Since June 2022  the Company has not made any new issue under the existing ATM Program6 .The terms and conditions of the new ATM program are similar to the previous one and will remain effective until August 2  2024  unless terminated prior to such date in accordance with the sale agreement or the maximum number of ADSs to be sold thereunder has been reached.The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds  if any  of sales of ADSs issued under the program to fund the research and development of its product candidates  and for working capital and general corporate purposes. ADSs offered in the ATM and the underlying ordinary shares would be issued through a capital increase without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights and reserved to the categories of investors defined in the 6th resolution adopted by the annual general meeting of shareholders held on January 25  2023 (or any similar resolutions that may be substituted to them in the future)  comprising Under the authority granted by our shareholders  the ADSs may only be purchased initially by (i) persons  legal entities (including companies)  trusts or investment funds  or other investment vehicles  regardless of their form  under French or foreign law  investing on a regular basis in the pharmaceutical  biotechnology or medical technology sectors; and/or (ii) French or foreign companies  institutions or entities  regardless of their form  carrying out a significant part of their activities in the pharmaceutical  cosmetic or chemical sectors or in medical devices and/or technologies or in research in these fields.The ADSs offered in the ATM can only be offered to “Qualified Institutional Buyers” as defined in Rule 144A under the US 1933 Securities Act  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or to “accredited investors” as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act.The new ordinary shares will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris and the issued ADSs will trade on the Nasdaq Global Market (“Nasdaq”).No prospectus will be subject to the approbation of the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated June 14  2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) since the contemplated share capital increase (for the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying the ADS) would be offered to qualified investors (as such term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation) and fall under the exemption provided for in Article 1(5)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation which states that the obligation to publish a prospectus shall not apply to admission to trading on a regulated market of securities fungible with securities already admitted to trading on the same regulated market  provided that they represent  over a period of 12 months  less than 20% of the number of securities already admitted to trading on the same regulated market.Main areas of progress in the R&D portfolioNATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASHImplementation of the new design of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH announced  in January 2023  to reduce the duration of the trial to 120 weeks instead of up to 7 years  reduce the number of biopsies from three to two  and include a 48-week active treatment extension study. As of today  this new design has been approved in 24 countries and approximately 80% of activated sites are currently operating under the revised design - January 2023.Recruitment for the NATiV3 trial continues with over 50% of patients that have been randomized and successfully met all recruitment criteria. The first visit of the last patient is targeted by the end of the second half of 2023.Receipt of a positive recommendation following the second meeting of the Data Monitoring Committee of the NATIV3 Phase III clinical trial to continue the study without modification of the protocol  confirming the good safety profile of lanifibranor - May 2023.Decision of Inventiva’s partner CTTQ to initiate the clinical development in mainland China of lanifibranor in NASH after having received an IND approval from the NMPA. Inventiva and CTTQ are now working to activate 61 sites in mainland China - May 2023.Investigator-initiated Phase II clinical trial with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D§ Positive topline results of the Phase II clinical trial conducted by Dr. Kenneth Cusi from the University of Florida  evaluating lanifibranor 800mg/daily in patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) and T2D. The study confirmed the favorable safety profile and tolerability of lanifibranor and also met multiple secondary metabolic endpoints – June 2023.LEGEND Phase II trial with lanifibranor in patients with NASH and T2D§ Publication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase II proof of concept clinical trial  evaluating lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and diabetes are targeted for the end of the first quarter of 2024.Other significant milestonesPositive conclusion of the Renal Impairment study required for regulatory submission  demonstrating that lanifibranor pharmacokinetics is not affected in patients with renal impairment - May 2023.Launch of a joint initiative with Echosens  a high technology company providing a comprehensive range of diagnostic solutions for liver health  to raise awareness about NASH and increase access to screening for patients at risk of developing NASH – June 2023.Next key milestones expectedLast Patient First Visit of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH – targeted by the end of 2023.Publication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial of lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – targeted for the end of the first quarter of 2024.Upcoming investor conference participationPortzamparc BNP Paribas Healthcare Conference – Virtual  October 4-5Roth MKM 2023 Healthcare Opportunities Conference – New York  October 127th Annual H.C. Wainwright NASH Investor Conference – Virtual  October 24Stifel 2023 Healthcare Conference – New York  November 14-15Upcoming scientific conference participationMOSAIC – Washington  DC – October 19-20AASLD – The Liver Meeting – Boston - November 10-14Conference callA conference call in English will be held tomorrow  Friday  September 29  2023 at 8:00 am (New York time)/2:00 pm (Paris time) to discuss H1 2023 financial results and business updates.The conference call and the slides of the presentation will be webcast live at https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/5tuhsaud and also available on Inventiva’s onwards in the “Investors” – “Financial results” section.In order to receive the conference access information necessary to join the conference call  it is required to register in advance using the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI7e3f9e5c679846fe8a95344641e670ce .In the 10 minutes prior to the call start time  participants will need to use the conference access information provided in the e-mail received at the point of registering (dial-in number and access code).A replay of the conference call and the presentation will be available after the event at: https://inventivapharma.com/investors/financial-results-presentations/ .Next financial results publication§ Q3 2023 Revenues and cash position: Tuesday  November 21  2023 (after U.S. market close)About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH (also known as metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH))  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s cash resources  including expectations and assumptions in connection with Inventiva’s estimated cash runway  including expected receipt of payments and satisfaction of conditions to disbursement of the second tranche of the EIB loan and the timing thereof  pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and LEGEND Phase IIa clinial trial  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  expectations with respect to clinical development and commercialization by CTTQ and Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  including with respect to potential clinical trials and regulatory approvals  expectations with respect to the benefits of the agreement with CTTQ and Hepalys Pharma  Inc.  including potential acceleration lanifibranor commercialization in the event required regulatory approvals are obtained  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  achievement of milestones  potential milestone payments and potential royalties under the agreements  the rights and obligations under agreements with Hepalys Pharma Inc.  including Inventiva’s right to purchase shares in the company and right of first refusal  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth  potential revenues and prospects of Inventiva  the potential receipt of the second tranche under the EIB loan and any potential transaction or receipt of additional funds  future access to the two year short term deposit  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and estimated cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “potential’  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners’ business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023 and the Company’s half-year report for the period ended June 30  2023 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statement.1 Short-term deposits are included in the category “other current assets” in the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position  and are considered by the Company as liquid and easily available.2The long term deposit has a two year term accessible prior to the expiration of the term with a notice period of 31 days and is considered as liquid by the Company.3 Disbursement of the second tranche of €25 of the EIB loan is subject to conditions. See footnote 4 below for a description of such conditions.4 These estimates are based on the Company’s current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company (other than as specified) and any additional expenditures related to the potential continued development of the odiparcil program or resulting from the potential in-licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies  or any associated development the Company may pursue. The Company may have based these estimate on assumptions that are incorrect  and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated. The extended estimate includes the expected €25 million second tranche of the loan agreement from the EIB  which is subject to certain conditions. The disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million is subject to  among other conditions  (i) the Company issuing warrants to EIB in accordance with the terms and conditions of the warrants agreements entered into July 1  2022  (ii) the receipt by the Company from the date of the EIB credit facility of an aggregate amount of at least €70.0 million (as of today  the Company has received 59.1million of euros which includes the August 2023 financing  and the €18.0 million that was a condition for the disbursement of the first tranche of the EIB loan)  paid either in exchange for Company shares  or through upfront or milestone payments; and (iii) operational includes criteria based on patient enrolment and number of sites activated in the Company’s NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH a condition that the company expects to meet by the end of the year.5 Refer to press release dated August 2  2021 on the Company's website: https://inventivapharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/Inventiva-CP-ATM-FR-02082021-1.pdf6 Refer to the section describing the uses of the ATM program on the Company's website: https://inventivapharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/Programme-ATM3-2022.pdf.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['2023 first-half financial results', 'corporate update', 'Inventiva', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Frédéric Cren', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'two major financial milestones', 'European Investment Bank', 'Dr. Kenneth Cusi', 'Long Island City', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Prof. Kenneth Cusi', 'exclusive licensing agreement', 'other metabolic diseases', 'positive topline results', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Key financial results', 'Other operating income', 'Net operating loss', 'Net financial income', 'new ATM program', 'new study design', 'business development expenses', 'clinical front', 'clinical development', 'major milestones', 'other diseases', 'two countries', 'Other income', 'Net loss', 'financial raise', 'financial condition', 'existing program', 'LEGEND study', 'Income tax', 'Basic/diluted loss', 'short-term deposits', 'long-term deposit', 'first half', 'existing investors', 'capital increase', 'royalty certificates', 'Hepalys Pharma', 'South Korea', 'milestone payments', 'second tranche', 'third quarter', 'favorable safety', 'tolerability profile', 'First visit', 'last patient', 'second half', 'first quarter', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'corporate update', 'Sino Biopharm', 'second largestcountry', 'international footprint', 'great optimism', 'administrative expenses', 'average number', 'outstanding shares', 'The Company', '€5.1 million issuance', '10 million dollars', '231 million dollars', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'upfront payment', 'six months', 'recent months', '36 million euros', 'share amounts', 'NASH population', 'respectivel Revenues', '$10 million', '2022 Revenues', 'June', 'December', 'August', 'Inventiva', 'financing', 'September', 'lanifibranor', 'treatment', 'Japan', 'Inc.', 'CTTQ', 'disbursement', 'EIB', 'beginning', 'Implementation', 'July', 'patients', 'NAFLD', 'T2D', 'NATiV3', 'empagliflozin', 'Daix', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'Chairman', 'cofounder', 'year', 'progress', 'robustness', 'mechanism', 'action', 'confirmation', 'partner', 'China', 'world', 'terms', 'advancements', 'prevalence', 'addition', 'achievement', 'thousands', 'Research', 'Marketing', 'General', 'period', 'computing', '2023 amounte', '2024']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30794,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KERLINK-27472140/news/Kerlink-2023-Half-Year-Results-44945302/,Kerlink : 2023 Half-Year Results -September 28  2023 at 12:29 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   H1 2023 results   A decline in activity that impacts the Group's results   Measures to lower breakeven level and speed up commercial transformation in Q4   PRESS RELEASE   Thorigné-Fouillard  France - 28 September 2023  6 …,"H1 2023 results A decline in activity that impacts the Group's results Measures to lower breakeven level and speed up commercial transformation in Q4 PRESS RELEASE Thorigné-Fouillard  France - 28 September 2023  6 p.m. Kerlink(AKLK FR0013156007)  a network and IoT solutions provider  published its H1 2023 consolidated figures. As a reminder  H1 2023 sales fell by 34% to €6.6m compared with €10m the previous year. This change was mainly due to an unfavourable base effect: business momentum in H1 2022 was strongly linked to sales of infrastructure and services equipment intended for the deployment of the Helium network  which represented €3.8m at end-June. H1 revenue from the core IoT business was up 6%  after the restatement of sales related to the Helium project in 2022. The fall in sales during H1 naturally weighed on the Group's results  despite strict control of operating expenses  which were down 13% over the period. EBITDA came out at -€1.6m at 30 June 2023 vs. -€0.8m one year earlier. William Gouesbet - Co-founder  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kerlink: ""During the first half of the year  we rolled out two strands of our action plan with the aim of restoring sustainable growth at Kerlink. The first involved adapting our cost structure  with a reduction in payroll costs  the effects of which will be seen in the second half of the year  and more specifically during the fourth quarter. The second involved speeding up the conversion of growth in demand by simplifying our commercial offers. This is a fundamental aspect of our development which involves offering solutions that are simple  easy and fast to implement  while more closely involving our technology partners and the main LoRaWAN®Network Server (LNS) suppliers of the ecosystem."" www.kerlink.com kerlink @kerlink_news KerlinkConsolidated half-year financial statements On 26 September 2023  the Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2023. In thousands of euros H1 2023 H1 2022 Revenue 6 623 10 051 Cost of sales -3 970 -5 345 Gross margin 2 653 4 706 Gross margin rate 40.1% 46.8% Operating expenses -4 025 -4 645 o/w external expenses -538 -746 o/w personnel expenses -3 487 -3 879 Provisions for doubtful receivables -211 -818 EBITDA -1 583 -757 Depreciation and amortisation -777 -730 Operating income (expense) - 2 361 - 1 487 Net financial income -259 -45 Income tax -5 -7 Group share of net income -2 624 -1 540 IFRS - A limited audit by the Statutory Auditor is under way Sales of network infrastructure equipment accounted for 69% of sales of IoT solutions in H1 2023. They stood at €4.6m  down 39% compared to H1 2022. On a like-for-like basis  equipment sales in the core IoT business remained stable at €4.5m. Revenue from services fell 17% to €2.0m. On a like-for-like basis  these sales increased by 21% in the half year  representing more than 30% of the total activity for the period. A breakdown by business segment shows an increase in the Smart City & Quality of Life segment. Sales in the Smart Agriculture & Environment segment also continued to rise. Decline in margin linked to product mix and the end of Helium sales The gross margin was 40.1% in H1 2023 vs. 46.8% in H1 2022. In order to stimulate demand and reduce its inventory level  the Group occasionally granted price reductions on certain items of equipment. The decline in sales of equipment and services related to the deployment of the Helium network mechanically impacts the overall product mix and therefore the margin rate. Operating expenses came to €4m at 30 June 2023 compared with €4.6m the previous year. This decrease is due to strict measures to control external expenses and the first savings generated from the reduction in payroll costs. As a precaution  the Group decided to set aside €211k in its financial statements for the first half of the year to cover non-recovery risk on a few customers in economic difficulties. EBITDA came to -€1.6m compared with -€0.8m the previous year. Consolidated net income came to -€2.6m compared with -€1.5m at 30 June 2022. www.kerlink.com kerlink @kerlink_news KerlinkCareful management of inventory and cash flow At 30 June 2023  Group shareholders' equity stood at €9.9m versus €12.6m at 31 December 2022. Inventories amounted to €13.5m at 30 June 2023 compared with €14.2m at 31 December 2022. Inventory levels remain high because during the first half of the year the Group was obliged to meet commitments on remaining purchases of electronic and manufacturing components from its subcontractors. These commitments  entered into at the height of the semiconductor crisis  were initially intended for the Helium network. The Group points out that this inventory is not specific and can be used for the customers of its core IoT business. The correlation between actual revenue and lower inventory levels is thus expected to be more direct in the second half of the year. The slight fall in inventory levels over the period  in tandem with the reduction in trade receivables  led to a positive variation in the working capital requirement. Cash flow decreased from €5.7m to €3.8m  taking into account the Group net loss. Financial debt at the period end (excluding lease liabilities under IFRS16) was €12.6m (of which €1.2m factored) versus €9.2m (of which €1.3m factored) at 31 December 2022. In this context  on top of the measures taken to lower the Group's breakeven level  the management team has initiated discussions with the Group's banking partners with a view to achieving the necessary renegotiation of its debt by obtaining a capital franchise and extending the maturity of loans. At this point  management does not consider a capital increase or the use of dilutive instruments. In thousands of euros 30 June 2023 31 December 2022 Net assets and other non-current assets 5 925 6 342 Current assets 20 102 22 199 Of which inventory 13 511 14 203 Cash and cash equivalents 3 763 5 746 Total assets 29 790 34 287 Shareholders' equity 9 910 12 586 Long- and medium-term financial liabilities 9 191 10 602 Other non-current liabilities 462 441 Current financial liabilities 4 425 4 369 Other current liabilities 5 802 6 288 Total liabilities 29 790 34 287 IFRS - A limited audit by the Statutory Auditor is under way www.kerlink.com kerlink @kerlink_news KerlinkStrong measures to speed up commercial transformation in the fourth quarter TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENTS NOW OFFERED IN TANDEM WITH THE LORAWAN NETWORK SERVER (LNS) OFFERS OF THE MAIN PLAYERS IN THE ECOSYSTEM To speed up the adoption of its solutions by the main players in the LoRaWAN® ecosystem  the Group now offers compatibility of its gateways with the offers of the main LNS suppliers on the market  strengthening the value of its connectivity offering. Partners can now opt for Kerlink's new Plug & Play functionality. The Zero-TouchPprovisioning (ZTP) package  which allows fast and simple network deployments  has been very well received by the market. NEW SIMPLER OFFERS TO ENABLE FASTER IOT NETWORK ROLLOUT During the period  the Group built new commercial offers to differentiate itself from the competition and simplify its global connectivity offer. To this end  it drew on the same attributes that helped to cement its reputation: the efficiency of its customer service and the historically very low rate of return in itsafter-salesservice. Yannick Delibie  Co-founder and Chief Technical Officer of the Group: ""We have built an offer that everyone understands. This means fewer constraints and technical questions in order to speed up customer engagement  simplify internal order  contract and invoicing management processes  and facilitate access to support for customers. The renewal of our commercial offers should also help to boost the appeal of the services and strengthen recurring revenues."" The new Access  Maintain and Operate solutions were launched in early September. The first commercial transformations based on these offers are under way. STRONG PROMOTION OF THIS NEW VALUE ADDED FOR CUSTOMERS AT THE MAIN INTERNATIONAL TRADE FAIRS After being a partner of The Things Conference organised by The Things Industries in Amsterdam last week  the Group will present these new offers at the LoRaWANLive event organised by the LoRa Alliance® in Tokyo on 11 and 12 October 2023 as well as at the GITEX fair in Dubai from 16 to 20 October 2023. ----- About Kerlink® Kerlink Group is a leading global provider of end-to-end connectivity solutions for designing  deploying  and operating public & private low power/wide area (LPWA) Internet of Things (IoT) networks. Its comprehensive product portfolio includes industrial-grade network equipment  best-of-breed network core  operations and management software  value-added applications and expert professional services  backed by strong R&D capabilities. More than 200 000 Kerlink installations have been rolled out with over 350 clients in 70 countries  in all the key verticals. Kerlink is a co-founder and board member of the LoRa Alliance® and the uCIFI Alliance™. It is listed on Euronext Growth Paris under the symbol ALKLK. For more information  visit www.kerlink.com Kerlink®  Wirnet® and Wanesy® are registered trademarks of Kerlink SA and its affiliates worldwide and must not be used without permission. All rights reserved. www.kerlink.com kerlink @kerlink_news Kerlink",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['2023 Half-Year Results', 'Kerlink', 'September', '12', '29', 'main LoRaWAN®Network Server (LNS) suppliers', 'Q4 PRESS RELEASE Thorigné-Fouillard', 'Consolidated half-year financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'unfavourable base effect', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'working capital requirement', 'core IoT business', 'Consolidated net income', 'w personnel expenses', '1,487 Net financial income', 'overall product mix', 'IoT solutions provider', 'H1 2023 consolidated figures', ""Group shareholders' equity"", 'lower inventory levels', '4,706 Gross margin rate', 'network infrastructure equipment', 'Helium network', 'business momentum', 'business segment', 'Operating income', 'Income tax', 'operating expenses', 'external expenses', 'breakeven level', 'commercial transformation', 'AKLK FR0013156007', 'Helium project', 'strict control', 'William Gouesbet', 'first half', 'two strands', 'action plan', 'payroll costs', 'second half', 'fourth quarter', 'commercial offers', 'fundamental aspect', 'technology partners', 'doubtful receivables', 'limited audit', 'Statutory Auditor', 'Smart City', 'Life segment', 'Smart Agriculture', 'Environment segment', 'price reductions', 'first savings', 'non-recovery risk', 'economic difficulties', 'Careful management', 'cash flow', 'remaining purchases', 'manufacturing components', 'semiconductor crisis', 'trade receivables', 'positive variation', 'sustainable growth', 'cost structure', '7 Group share', 'total activity', 'strict measures', 'The Group', 'actual revenue', 'slight fall', 'previous year', 'half year', 'Helium sales', 'services equipment', 'equipment sales', 'H1 revenue', 'H1 2023 sales', 'decline', 'results', 'France', '28 September', 'Kerlink', 'reminder', 'change', 'deployment', 'end-June', 'restatement', 'period', 'EBITDA', '30 June', 'founder', 'Chairman', 'aim', 'effects', 'conversion', 'demand', 'development', 'ecosystem', '26 September', 'Board', 'Directors', 'thousands', 'euros', 'Provisions', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', '1,540 IFRS', 'way', 'basis', 'breakdown', 'increase', 'Quality', 'order', 'items', 'decrease', 'precaution', 'customers', '31 December', 'Inventories', 'commitments', 'electronic', 'subcontractors', 'height', 'correlation', 'tandem']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30795,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATEME-16917716/news/Ateme-ERRATUM-FIRST-HALF-2023-RESULTS-44945593/,Ateme : ERRATUM -September 28  2023 at 01:25 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)  An error occurred in the second subtitle of the press release  below the revised version of the press release.REVENUES UP 15% WITH 14% RISE IN GROSS MARGIN OPERATING LOSS OF €2.4 MILLION  IN LINE WITH SEASONAL TREND ALL FINANCIAL O…,"An error occurred in the second subtitle of the press release  below the revised version of the press release.REVENUES UP 15% WITH 14% RISE IN GROSS MARGINOPERATING LOSS OF €2.4 MILLION  IN LINE WITH SEASONAL TRENDALL FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES CONFIRMEDConsolidated data (in € million) H1 2022 H1 2023 Change IFRS H1 2023/2022 Revenues 42.9 49.1 +15% Gross profit 24.9 28.4 +14% Gross margin (%) 58.0% 57.8% -0.2 pts Operating profit -1.3 -2.4 Operating margin (%) -3.0% -5.1% Financial profit / loss 1.2 -0.9 Tax income -0.1 0.1 Group net profit -0.1 -3.3 Net margin (%) -0.3% -6.7% EBITDA[1] 1.3 0Paris  Sept 28  2023 – ATEME (ISIN: FR0011992700)  the global specialist in video delivery  has published its 2023 Half Year results. The financial statements for the Six Months to June 30th  2023  were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on 27 September. The limited review of the company's financial information by its statutory auditors is complete and the limited review report will be issued no later than September 30  2023.Adjusted H1 revenuesFirst Half revenues amounted to €49.1 million a 15% increase year-on-year on a reported basis and 14% like-for-like.[2]The USA/Canada region generated revenues of €25.5 million  up 40% (39% like-for-like)  confirming its position as the Group's largest market  representing 53% of revenues.EMEA revenues stood at €13.6 million  up 16% reported and like-for-like  including a 1.1 M€ positive adjustment versus the €12.5 million reported on 12 th July as a result of the recognition of a larger portion of a deal following the limited statutory audit review.July as a result of the recognition of a larger portion of a deal following the limited statutory audit review. Asia Pacific revenues declined by 14% (same like-for-like) to €6.9 million reflecting a tough comparison base in 2022 when topline growth was 68% like-for-like.Latin America revenues were down 36% (same like-for-like) to €3.1 million  reflecting a more difficult commercial environment.Demanding base effect for comparing first-half profitability with the previous yearThe operating result stood at a loss of €2.4 million  versus €1.3 million in H1 2022  but to be placed in the context of a €4.8 million deficit in 2021  in line with the Group's usual seasonal pattern. The gross margin was virtually stable at 58%.During the First Half  Ateme continued investments to accelerate its innovation roadmap and global expansion:R&D investments increased by 20% versus H1 2022 (+€2.1 million)  at 24.7% of the topline.Sales and Marketing costs were up 18% over the same period (+€2.5 million)  at 32.3% of the topline.Improved cash positionIn terms of global supply chain  market conditions have improved. Kyrion deliveries have resumed  and our server partners  Dell and HPe  have considerably improved lead times. This has had a positive impact on our balance sheet  with inventories down €3 million compared to December 2022  and our available cash position has improved to almost € 10 million.New technological developmentsOver the last three months  Ateme has continued to support the media & entertainment industry as it transforms the way it reaches and engages audiences. Its latest developments facilitate new ways of consuming video and engaging fans  democratize immersive viewing experiences  and open up new opportunities with Spatial Computing. They also inject flexibility at every step of the video workflow while enhancing efficiency to reduce the carbon footprint. More details can be found at the following links:Accedo  Ateme transform in-stadium experiences with AWSAteme Introduces its Next-Generation Video CompressionAteme Introduces Ateme+ Packaging Service at IBC2023Ateme joins Akamai qualified computing partner programAteme behind Viacom18's top video quality and immersive sound experience for Indian Premier League 2023Ateme enables the first 5G broadcast transmission in the USElsewhere  Ateme has focused on helping the industry increase revenues while maintaining prudent content investments  through both geographic expansion and the leveraging of existing international resources. More details can be found at the following links:Ateme Powers Foxtel's Global Content Acquisition for the Australian TV MarketAteme's Video Headend Feeds Nilesat's Latest SatelliteFull Year Sales growth and EBITDA targets confirmedThe established seasonal pattern  with Second Half revenues always exceeding the First Half  is expected to continue in 2023. Therefore  our revenues growth target of 10% to 15% remains perfectly achievable  moreover with a less unfavorable base effect on the second semester.Following the investments of the First Half  the Second Half will see a pause  with the global headcount remaining virtually stable until the end of the year.We are confident the seasonal acceleration in Second Half revenues will enable us to reach our target of exceeding €5 million EBITDA on a full year basis.We also maintain our objective of €3 million in Monthly Recurring Revenue[3] in 2024.Ateme's growing visibility was confirmed by its recent success at the IBC trade show which took place in mid-September in Amsterdam  with an all-time high attendance of its booth  up 58% versus 2022  to be compared with an increase of just 16% in total attendance of the show.Michel Artières  Chairman and CEO of Ateme  commented: ""The H1 performance is in line with our expectations and our seasonal pattern. We have strong visibility on our sales pipeline  enabling us to confirm our Full Year revenue and profitability targets objectives as we enter the most buoyant quarter of the year. Our confidence in our ability to meet our mid-term recurring revenues and profitability targets is reinforced”.Upcoming event:November 8th  2023: Third Quarter 2023 revenuesAbout Ateme: Ateme is a global leader of video compression and delivery solutions helping Tier-1 Content Providers  Service Providers and Streaming Platforms to boost their viewership and subscription engagement.Leveraging a unique R&D task force in the video industry  Ateme's solutions power green sustainable TV services  improve end-users' quality of experience  optimize the total cost of ownership of TV/VOD services and generate new revenue streams based on personalization and ad insertion. Beyond the technology agility  Ateme's value proposition is to partner with his customers by offering a great flexibility in the engagement and business models matching their financial priorities. A consequence is a rapid shift to Recurring Revenues  boosting the company resilience and creating long term value for the shareholders.Founded in 1991  Ateme has 560 employees spread over its headquarters in France and 20 offices around the world including the USA  Brazil  Argentina  UK  Spain  Germany  the UAE  Singapore  China  Korea  and Australia.Ateme has been listed on the Paris Euronext market since 2014 and in November 2020 it made the acquisition of Anevia  a provider of OTT and IPTV software solutions. In 2022  Ateme served close to 1 000 customers worldwide with revenues of €90 million  of which more than 90% outside its home market.Find out more: www.ateme.com.Name: ATEME - ISIN Code: FR0011992700 - Ticker: ATEME - Compartment: CAteme INVESTOR RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS Michel ArtièresChairman and CEO Anne-Catherine BonjourTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93ateme@actus.fr Amaury DugastTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frDISCLAIMERThis press release does not constitute or form part of and should not be construed as any offer for sale of or solicitation of any offer to buy any securities of Ateme  nor should it  or any part of it  form the basis of or be relied on in connection with any contract or commitment whatsoever concerning Ateme's assets  activities or shares.All statements other than historical facts included in this presentation  including without limitations  those regarding Atemes' position  business strategy  plans and objectives are forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management's current views and assumptions. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to impact of external events on customers and suppliers; the effects of competing technologies competition generally in main markets; profitability of the expansion strategy; litigation; ability to establish and maintain strategic relationships in major businesses; and the effect of future acquisitions and investments.Ateme expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this presentation to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. These materials are supplied to you solely for your information and may not be copied or distributed to any other person (whether in or outside your organization) or published  in whole or in part  for any purpose.[1] EBITDA = earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation. Underlying EBITDA equals Group pre-tax profit before deduction of interest  depreciation  amortisation and impairment charges on non-current assets  and staff share-based payments  but after impairment of inventories and trade receivables. It shows profit generated by business activities regardless of financing conditions  tax constraints and the upgrading of operating assets. Non-recurring expenses (one-off  unusual or infrequent items) are excluded.[2] Versus 48.0 M€ unaudited reported on July 12. 1.1 M€ increase reflects adjustment in the revenue recognition of an EMEA deal following the limited review by statutory auditors.[3] MRR: Alternative performance indicator not subject to review by Ateme's statutory auditors: monthly recurring revenue is defined as the sum of (1) monthly sales from support contracts already signed  (2) monthly sales from multi-year license contracts already signed (CAPEX) and (3) monthly sales from license rental contracts (OPEX).This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xWeflJhsl26dmZtuY5qXl2SYaJuUkpXIZmrIlGNxYsyabJxnnGiWa8bKZnFjlWtv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82069-pr_ateme_h1_2023_results_eng_vdef_erratum.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.2,0.48,True,English,"['Ateme', 'ERRATUM', 'September', '01:25', 'Akamai qualified computing partner program Ateme', 'first 5G broadcast transmission', 'limited statutory audit review', 'Australian TV Market Ateme', 'Full Year Sales growth', 'limited review report', 'The USA/Canada region', 'difficult commercial environment', 'Ateme+ Packaging Service', 'immersive sound experience', 'Indian Premier League', 'existing international resources', 'tough comparison base', '1.1 M€ positive adjustment', 'last three months', 'immersive viewing experiences', 'global supply chain', 'Global Content Acquisition', 'Asia Pacific revenues', 'Latin America revenues', 'Next-Generation Video Compression', 'top video quality', 'unfavorable base effect', 'R&D investments', 'prudent content investments', 'Ateme Powers Foxtel', '2023 Half Year results', 'New technological developments', 'full year basis', 'usual seasonal pattern', 'available cash position', 'First Half revenues', 'revenues growth target', 'Second Half revenues', 'Group net profit', 'Spatial Computing', 'statutory auditors', 'largest market', 'market conditions', 'Net margin', 'Six Months', 'positive impact', 'latest developments', 'stadium experiences', 'second subtitle', 'global specialist', 'global expansion', 'second semester', 'global headcount', 'previous year', 'new ways', 'new opportunities', 'topline growth', 'SEASONAL TREND', 'Gross profit', 'Operating profit', 'Financial profit', 'seasonal acceleration', 'video delivery', 'EMEA revenues', 'video workflow', 'Video Headend', 'press release', 'GROSS MARGIN', 'FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES', 'Consolidated data', 'Change IFRS', 'Operating margin', '9 Tax income', 'financial statements', 'June 30th', 'financial information', '12 th July', 'larger portion', 'first-half profitability', 'innovation roadmap', 'Marketing costs', 'same period', 'Kyrion deliveries', 'server partners', 'lead times', 'balance sheet', 'engaging fans', 'carbon footprint', 'More details', 'following links', 'geographic expansion', 'Latest Satellite', 'Recurring Revenue', 'IBC2023 Ateme', '€4.8 million deficit', 'EBITDA targets', 'H1 revenues', 'entertainment industry', '€5 million EBITDA', 'OPERATING LOSS', 'operating result', '4 MILLION', 'error', 'version', '14% RISE', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '27 September', 'company', 'recognition', 'deal', 'context', 'terms', 'Dell', 'HPe', 'inventories', 'December', 'media', 'audiences', 'flexibility', 'step', 'efficiency', 'Accedo', 'AWS', 'Viacom18', 'leveraging', 'Nilesat', 'less', 'pause']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30796,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/28/eutelsat-oneweb-merge-to-create-satellite-challenger-to-musks-starlink.html,Eutelsat and OneWeb combine to create European satellite giant as Musk's Starlink pressures sector,As competition in the multibillion-dollar space industry heats up  the U.K.'s OneWeb and France's Eutelsat have combined.,"OneWeb  the British satellite giant  completed its combination with French rival Eutelsat Thursday  setting the stage for a European challenger to Elon Musk's space internet venture Starlink.The two companies said in a joint statement that they had completed their all-share combination  which will see OneWeb's constellation of low-earth orbit (LEO) satellites added to Eutelsat's geostationary orbit (GEO) satellites.It comes as competition is heating up between different players in the multibillion-dollar space industry. Analysts at investment bank Morgan Stanley have previously estimate the global space industry could be worth more than $1 trillion by 2040  up from about $550 billion currently.Eutelsat shares rose about 3.5% on news of the deal Thursday.Eutelsat counts the likes of Telecom Italia   Orange   and Deutsche Telekom as customers and caters primarily to large enterprises rather than consumers. Likewise  OneWeb also targets enterprise customers  but offers a different service capability thanks to its LEO network – similar to SpaceX's Starlink satellite internet. Starlink initially focused on consumers  but has since entered enterprise markets that OneWeb targeted.Eutelsat said that the newly formed group was ""strategically positioned to be a global leader in space communications."" The company wants to combine its network of density and high throughput GEO satellites with the low latency and ubiquity offered by OneWeb's LEO constellation.Eutelsat will remain headquartered in Paris  and OneWeb will continue operating in London with its name changed to Eutelsat OneWeb. Eutelsat is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange but has applied for a secondary listing on the London Stock Exchange.Eva Berneke  appointed as CEO of Eutelsat in January 2022  will continue to serve as the group's chief executive. The merger announcement made no reference to OneWeb CEO Neil Masterson  who has led the company since November 2020. A person familiar with the matter told CNBC that Masterson will leave Eutelsat Group at the end of this year.Commercial deals are gaining traction in the space industry  with Musk's Starlink service working alongside businesses including Spain's Telefonica and French firms Marlink and Speedcast.Earlier this month  SpaceX partnered with European satellite operator SES to offer a combined service to cruise operators. SES will manage the joint offering  called ""SES Cruise mPOWERED + Starlink "" as a service that it says will provide high-speed  reliable internet service to cruise ships  regardless of whether they're clustered in port or far out at sea.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['European satellite giant', 'Starlink pressures sector', 'Eutelsat', 'OneWeb', 'Musk', 'high throughput GEO satellites', 'high-speed, reliable internet service', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'OneWeb CEO Neil Masterson', 'British satellite giant', 'London Stock Exchange', 'space internet venture', 'European satellite operator', 'multibillion-dollar space industry', 'Starlink satellite internet', 'different service capability', 'global space industry', 'GEO) satellites', 'space communications', 'European challenger', 'different players', 'global leader', 'combined service', 'Starlink service', 'French rival', 'two companies', 'joint statement', 'low-earth orbit', 'geostationary orbit', 'investment bank', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Telecom Italia', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'large enterprises', 'enterprise markets', 'low latency', 'secondary listing', 'Eva Berneke', 'chief executive', 'merger announcement', 'Commercial deals', 'French firms', 'cruise operators', 'joint offering', 'cruise ships', 'Elon Musk', 'share combination', 'enterprise customers', 'LEO network', 'LEO constellation', 'Eutelsat shares', 'Eutelsat Group', 'stage', 'competition', 'Analysts', 'news', 'likes', 'Orange', 'consumers', 'SpaceX', 'company', 'density', 'name', 'January', 'reference', 'November', 'person', 'matter', 'CNBC', 'end', 'year', 'businesses', 'Spain', 'Telefonica', 'Marlink', 'Speedcast', 'port', 'sea']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,cnbc.com
30797,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRANSITION-EVERGREEN-5026/news/Transition-Evergreen-2023-half-year-results-44935405/,Transition Evergreen : 2023 half-year results -September 28  2023 at 01:05 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)  2023 half-year resultsSolid NAV[1]: €135.8m at 30 June 2023  almost stable versus the strong performance on 31 December 2022 and up 12% from 30 June 2022NAV per share: €3.39 with a 3.5% increase in the value of investees from 31 Dec…,"2023 half-year resultsSolid NAV [1] : €135.8m at 30 June 2023  almost stable versus the strong performance on 31 December 2022 and up 12% from 30 June 2022NAV per share: €3.39 (vs. €3.44 at 31 December 2022 and €3.28 at 30 June 2022) with a 3.5% increase in the value of investees from 31 December 2022First-half performance characterised by capital-intensive activity at investeesParis – 28 September 2023 – 7:00 a.m.Transition Evergreen (FR0000035784 - EGR)  the first French-listed investment fund dedicated to the ecological transition and reducing the carbon footprint  reported its half-year results[2] and net asset value as of 30 June 2023  which were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 27 September 2023. The interim financial report for the period ended 30 June 2023 is available on Transition Evergreen's website  www.transition-evergreen.com  in the Investors section under Financial documents.Lionel Le Maux  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Transition Evergreen  commented:""The current market environment still favours the ecological transition  particularly investment in companies seeking to own assets that produce energy or reduce the carbon footprint. What's more  Transition Evergreen investees operate in an extended scope (through engineering and operational teams) where their value extends beyond owned assets with lesser dependence on interest rates.Factoring in an inflationary climate with rising interest rates  Transition Evergreen capitalised on its unique position to show resilience and excellent NAV  totalling €135.8m  comparable to the strong performance at end-December 2022  and up 12% from end-June 2022.These results do not factor in the Group's capital-intensive investees activity during H1 2023  all of whom help create value for the fund. SAFRA and Evergaz are actively reviewing financing options  first letters of intent have been received for the Phynix spin-off  a leading developer of green hydrogen in Spain. Lastly  Everwood maintains its focus on the highly strategic acquisition of an international forestry asset management company which could result in large-scale change for our investee.Going forward  our strategy for 2023 is unchanged. We will continue to support our investees in their growth initiatives  while sustaining a balanced rotation strategy for our asset portfolio.""2023 HALF-YEAR RESULTSNAV[3] of €135.8m at 30 June 2023Transition Evergreen's net asset value (NAV) amounted to €135.8m at 30 June 2023 vs. €138.0m at 31 December 2022. NAV was up 12.3% from 30 June 2022 (€120.9m).The difference between 30 June 2023 and 31 December 2022 stemmed from (i) the slight change in the fair value of investees during the period (+€0.4m) and (ii) net profit restated for the fair value effect (-€2.7m).As of 30 June 2023  NAV per share[4] amounted to €3.39[5] (vs. €3.44 at 31 December 2022 and €3.28 at 30 June 2022).The fair value of investees increased from €134.6m at 30 June 2022 to €146.6m at 31 December 2022 and €151.7m at 30 June 2023. The rise in value stemmed especially from value creation in two investees:SAFRA  driven by its commercial momentum and further financing to strengthen its equity;LPF Groupe  propelled by a positive business performance  with prospective new markets in Italy and strengthened equity.Results at 30 June 2023First-half operating income totalled -€1.0m. It includes:+€0.4m in fair value adjustments to non-current financial assets;-€0.2m in staff costs;-€1.7m in other operating costs (fees and similar charges);+€0.5m in revenue from financial assets.The cost of financial debt amounted to -€0.9m (vs. -€ 0.7m at 30 June 2022)  comprising interest on bonds (€0.8m) and current account advances (€0.1m).After booking tax of -€0.4m  net loss was -€2.3m.A detailed income statement as of 30 June 2023 is appended to page 6 of this press release.Financial structureTransition Evergreen's shareholders' equity was €135.8m at 30 June 2023  compared with €138.0m at 31 December 2022.As of 30 June 2023  Transition Evergreen had available cash of €0.4m  versus €0.8m as of 31 December 2022. For the record  the Company has a maximum current account advance of €12m authorised by Financière Evergreen[6]  €0.7m of which had been used as of 30 June 2023.The Company's financial debt – comprising bond issues (including two new ordinary bond issues totalling €8m for the first half) – amounted to €24.8m at 30 June 2023 versus €16.7m at 31 December 2022.A detailed balance sheet as of 30 June 2023 is appended to page 7 of this press release.During Q4 2023  Transition Evergreen is planning a new funding round of between €8m and €12m[7] to strengthen its financing structure and to continue supporting its investees. Parallel to this  the fund aims to refinance its various active bonds totalling €25m  with €15m that can be drawn down in the next 12 months and maturity extended to three years.OUTLOOKIn 2023  Transition Evergreen continues to support its investees in their growth trajectory to reach SME size  while maintaining a strategic focus on optimising and allocating its capital.Evergaz continues to expand in France with the construction of the ""Bioenergaz"" biomethane plantThe construction phase of the ""Bioenergaz"" biomethane injection unit  located in Ille-et-Vilaine (35)  is on track. The production test phase is scheduled for the 3rd quarter of 2023. For the record  Bioenergaz has an injection capacity of 125 Nm3/hr into the GRDF network.At the same time  in the 2nd quarter of 2023  Evergaz raised over €3.7 million in bonds (equity financing and private placement). The funds raised will be used  among other things  to finance optimization and capacity expansion programs for units already in the portfolio  and to seize potential opportunities for the external growth of units already in service.More generally  Evergaz is studying various options for financing its growth  which could  depending on market conditions  lead to an Initial Public Offering (IPO).Everwood: continuation of negotiations to acquire a majority interest in an international third-party forestry asset management companyEverwood continues to develop in its two main business activities: wood energy  through its subsidiary Wooday  and forestry asset management (120 000 hectares under management).On the back of several successful acquisitions  Wooday now has a team of around 40 employees and has just strengthened its finance department following a number of strategic hires. Wooday will continue to grow organically through significant commercial synergies between the various companies it has acquired (Brazeco  Le-Kastor.com) as well as external growth in its consolidation of a highly fragmented market.In parallel  Everwood is stepping up its international expansion with support for long-standing institutional clients in their acquisition of forestry assets in Europe and continues the discussions started in H1 2023 with the aim of becoming a majority shareholder of a global-leading group that manages forestry assets on behalf of third parties (in July 2023  this group also carried out a convertible bond issue subscribed by Everwood).SAFRA: order for 10 hydrogen buses and new financing to support growthIn early July 2023  SAFRA won a tender issued by the Communauté Urbaine de Dunkerque to supply ten HYCITY® hydrogen-powered buses  with a 12m  3-door version scheduled to run Dunkerque's public transport network during 2024. This new order increases SAFRA's provisional pipeline to 23 hydrogen-powered buses.To support growth and strengthen equity  SAFRA continues to diversify its sources of financing. In H1 2023  the company completed a capital increase of €7m with existing and new private shareholders which involved Transition Evergreen in the offsetting of receivables for up to €4.7m. At the same time  the company is actively considering an Initial Public Offering (IPO) – based on market conditions – in an effort to step up its development.EverWatt: continued roll-out of BoucL Energie for collective self-consumption in FranceBoucL Energie  an EverWatt subsidiary and the source behind local energy loop collective self-consumption  continues its development. The successful capital-raising operation worth €34m  completed in H1 2023  will enable the company to finance: (i) the roll-out of 300 MWc solar projects in France (with an identified pipeline of around sixty development projects located in 11 regions)  and (ii) the recruitment of teams needed to accelerate the completion of its projects.Despite fast-changing energy expectations  BoucL Energie aims to focus on the energy mix across France with a strong concentration on local production and energy consumption by bringing together local public and private players to work on large-scale renewable projects  thereby targeting the development of energy communities in economic activity zones[8] (as illustrated by its pilot project in Saint Martin d'Hères).EverWatt therefore confirms its leader position in self-consumption and recently bolstered its offer in the individual self-consumption market by launching a jointly-owned company with Terre Solaire.LPF Groupe: expansion in the Italian luxury marketWith respect to eco-packaging  LPF Groupe is accelerating its international expansion  particularly in luxury  with a subsidiary established in Italy.In terms of financing  the company has sold stakes to a professional investor  in order to fund further acquisitions and its growth plan in the years ahead.NEXT KEY DATESOctober 2023 – Activity & Significant events for investees in Q3 2023About Transition EvergreenTransition Evergreen is the first French-listed investment fund  with a focus on accelerating the ecological transition and reducing the carbon footprint.Leveraging the expertise of asset management company  Aqua Asset Management  Transition Evergreen seeks to provide concrete solutions to the challenges of building a carbon-neutral world. To achieve this  the Group invests in unlisted French and European companies. Transition Evergreen is a proven accelerator of green growth. The Group's corporate purpose is to invest in high-growth French and European SMEs focused on the ecological transition.Transition Evergreen holds interests mainly in the following companies: Evergaz  the leading independent French biogas player  C4  a fully-integrated methanisation operator in Germany  EverWatt  an energy-efficient and carbon neutral player for regions  Everwood  a specialist in sustainable forest management and Safra  a French player in the carbon-neutral mobility market.Transition Evergreen has been awarded the Greenfin label  which guarantees the green credentials of investment funds and is awarded to funds that factor environmental  social and governance (“ESG”) criteria into the design and life cycle of their portfolio  comply with the exclusion criteria set by the label and have a positive impact on the energy and ecological transition. Transition Evergreen has been awarded the “Relance” label for investment funds that support the economic recovery by strengthening French companies with equity or quasi-equity.Transition Evergreen is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment C (ISIN FR0000035784). Transition Evergreen is eligible for the PEA-PME equity savings plan.Learn more at www.transition-evergreen.comContactsTransition EvergreenLaura RibeiroT: +33 (1) 89.16.61.09RI@transition-evergreen.com Investor RelationsACTUS finance & communicationAnne-Pauline PetureauxT: +33 (1) 53 67 36 72apetureaux@actus.fr Media RelationsALVABérénice WeissT: +33 (6) 83 35 63 11bweiss@alvaconseil.comDisclaimerIt should be noted that any investment includes the risk of partial or total loss of the capital invested. For further information on the risks of investing in the portfolio  please refer to the ""Risk Factors"" section of the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Annual Financial Report.Recognition of extra-financial criteria is likely to encounter methodological limitations. In particular  there may be inconsistencies in investee reporting  owing to their size and stage of development.Also note that past performance is no guarantee of future performance and performance is not constant over time.APPENDICESINCOME STATEMENTINCOME STATEMENT (€k) 30-06-22 30-06-23 Revenue from financial assets 234 541 Change in fair value of financial assets 20 420 449 Payroll costs (173) (242) Other operating costs (4 027) (1 707) Operating profit (loss) 16 453 (959) Gross cost of financial debt (654) (890) Net cost of financial debt (654) (890) Other financial income and expenses (48) (48) Net profit before tax 15 751 (1 897) Income tax (1 941) (373) Net loss 13 810 (2 269) Number of shares in circulation* 36 852 094 40 075 973 Earnings per share (€) 0.37 (0.06) Number of shares after dilution* 36 852 094 40 075 973 Diluted earnings per share (€) 0.37 (0.06)*Excluding treasury sharesBALANCE SHEETASSETS(€k) 31-12-22 30-06-23 Non-current financial assets 146 580 151 729 - o/w shares 146 580 151 729 - o/w bonds - 0 Other non-current assets 13 13 Total non-current assets 146 593 151 742 Current financial assets 21 898 21 655 Other receivables 106 71 Cash & cash equivalents 850 374 Total current assets 22 854 22 101 Total assets 169 447 173 842LIABILITIES (€k) 31-12-22 30-06-23 Capital 20 086 20 086 Share capital premium 51 657 34 018 Reserves 44 665 83 941 Overall profit 21 638 (2 269) Shareholders' equity 138 046 135 775 Non-current portion of bond issues 4 100 10 470 Deferred tax liabilities 5 159 5 532 Total non-current liabilities 9 259 16 002 Bond issues 12 641 14 363 Other current financial liabilities 2 201 1 681 Other debts 7 300 6 021 Total current liabilities 22 142 22 065 Total assets 169 447 173 842CHANGE IN THE FAIR VALUE OF INVESTEES SINCE 30 JUNE 2022Investees Fair value30/06/2022 Fair value31/12/2022 Fair value30/06/2023 Everwood SAS €29 469k €31 546k €28 723k Aqua SAS/Evergaz SA €27 380k €24 903k €26 900k Everwatt SAS €42 010k €47 109k €43 016k LPF Groupe SAS (formerly La Paper Factory SAS) €2 551k €3 256k €4 230k Valporte Holding SAS €1 844k €1 749k €1 844k Borea SAS €279k €342k €342k Safra SA €14 887k €12 815k €19 457k Safra Participations SAS €3 091k €2 665k €3 330k 3 E BIOGAS/C4 Group €12 600k €21 960k €23 724k Keiryo SAS (formerly Green H2 Partenaires SAS) €235k €235k €130k Total share portfolio €134 345k €146 580k €151 729k OC Natureo SAS €266k - - Total bond portfolio €266k - - Total assets €134 611k €146 580k €151 729k[1] NAV: net asset value corresponds to the Company's IFRS shareholder equity  i.e. €135.8m. The change between 30 June 2023 and 31 December 2022 stemmed from the change in the fair value of investees during the period (+€0.4m) and net profit restated for the fair value effect (-€2.7m).[2] The statutory auditors conducted a limited review.[3] NAV: net asset value corresponds to the Company's IFRS shareholder equity  i.e. €135.8m (vs. €138.0m at 31 December 2022 and €120.9m at 30 June 2022).[4] (Excluding treasury shares).[5] Identical before and after dilution in the absence of a dilutive instrument outstanding at the given date.[6] A 0.72% shareholder in Transition Evergreen as of 30 June 2023.[7] Initially planned before 30 September 2023.[8] Economic activity zone.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mGicZ5qbk2bKnHJyZ5xsmGZsZmhhx2icm5fJmWVvl5mbb3BkmW9qbsrLZnFjlWdt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82027-pr_te_hy2023_vedf.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.29,0.23,True,English,"['Transition Evergreen', '2023 half-year results', 'September', '01:05', 'international forestry asset management company', 'two new ordinary bond issues', 'maximum current account advance', 'first French-listed investment fund', 'current account advances', 'prospective new markets', 'new funding round', 'current market environment', 'Lionel Le Maux', 'detailed income statement', 'detailed balance sheet', 'First-half operating income', 'other operating costs', 'interim financial report', 'positive business performance', 'Financière Evergreen', 'balanced rotation strategy', 'various active bonds', 'net asset value', 'rising interest rates', 'fair value effect', 'fair value adjustments', 'current financial assets', 'capital-intensive investees activity', '2023 HALF-YEAR RESULTS NAV', 'Transition Evergreen investees', 'asset portfolio', 'capital-intensive activity', 'two investees', 'First-half performance', 'first letters', 'The Company', 'first half', 'net profit', 'staff costs', 'net loss', 'Financial documents', 'financial debt', 'Financial structure', 'strong performance', 'ecological transition', 'carbon footprint', 'Investors section', 'extended scope', 'operational teams', 'lesser dependence', 'inflationary climate', 'unique position', 'Phynix spin-off', 'leading developer', 'green hydrogen', 'strategic acquisition', 'large-scale change', 'growth initiatives', 'slight change', 'value creation', 'commercial momentum', 'LPF Groupe', 'similar charges', 'booking tax', 'press release', 'available cash', 'next 12 months', 'three years', 'growth trajectory', 'financing options', 'financing structure', 'Solid NAV', 'excellent NAV', ""shareholders' equity"", '30 June', '31 December', '3.5% increase', 'Paris', '28 September', '7:00 a', 'EGR', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '27 September', 'period', 'website', 'Chairman', 'companies', 'energy', 'engineering', 'resilience', 'end-December', 'end-June', 'H1', 'SAFRA', 'Evergaz', 'intent', 'Spain', 'Everwood', 'focus', 'difference', 'rise', 'Italy', 'non', 'fees', 'revenue', 'page', 'record', 'Q4', 'maturity', 'OUTLOOK', 'SME', 'size']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,marketscreener.com
30798,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/beauty-features/coty-starts-trading-euronext-paris-1235845899/,Coty Starts Trading on Euronext Paris,The move is part of a plan to secure a double listing in Paris  alongside New York.,PARIS — On its first day of trading on the professional segment of Euronext Paris Thursday  Coty Inc.‘s stock remained stable  closing the day down about 0.1 percent to 10.39 euros.The maker of CoverGirl and Lancaster products began trading on the exchange at 3:30 p.m. CET.As previously reported  the beauty company  which is already listed on the New York Stock Exchange  on Monday announced the launch of a global offering of 33 million shares of Coty’s outstanding Class A common stock. It is part of a plan to secure a double listing in Paris.The price was set at 10.28 euros  or $10.80 per share.Coty said in May that it was looking into a dual listing. The company had gone public in New York in 2013.In May  during an interview with WWD  Coty chief executive officer Sue Y. Nabi explained why the company was mulling such a move in the French capital.“European investors want to buy Coty stock. It’s as simple as this ” she said. “This is the right moment to do so. Eleven quarters in line or ahead of expectation is a good moment to start this. I would say that on the Paris Stock Exchange half of the market cap is made with beauty and luxury companies  and we are a beauty and luxury company.”Coty intends to use the net proceeds of an offering primarily to pay off outstanding debt and also for general corporate purposes  such as making investments  working capital and capital expenditures.At the close of its most recent fiscal year  ended June 30  Coty’s net debt stood at $4 billion.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.72,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext\xa0Paris', 'Coty', 'Trading', 'outstanding Class A common stock', 'Coty chief executive officer', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Sue Y. Nabi', 'general corporate purposes', 'recent fiscal year', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'outstanding debt', 'Coty stock', 'professional segment', 'Lancaster products', '33 million shares', 'double listing', 'dual listing', 'French capital', 'European investors', 'right moment', 'Eleven quarters', 'good moment', 'market cap', 'luxury companies', 'net proceeds', 'working capital', 'capital expenditures', 'net debt', 'Euronext Paris', 'Coty Inc.', 'first day', 'global offering', 'luxury company', 'beauty company', 'trading', '0.1 percent', '10.39 euros', 'maker', 'CoverGirl', 'Monday', 'launch', 'part', 'plan', 'price', '10.28 euros', 'May', 'interview', 'WWD', 'move', 'line', 'expectation', 'half', 'investments', 'close', '3:30']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,wwd.com
30799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/win-your-way-to-las-vegas-with-pokerstars-301941980.html,WIN YOUR WAY TO LAS VEGAS WITH POKERSTARS,PokerStars announce full NAPT schedule which highlights more ways for players and racing fans to win their way to Las Vegas for epic Live Poker and an Oracle Red Bull Racing Fan Experience this November ONCHAN  Isle of Man  Sept. 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Poke…,"PokerStars announce full NAPT schedule which highlights more ways for players and racing fans to win their way to Las Vegas for epic Live Poker and an Oracle Red Bull Racing Fan Experience this NovemberONCHAN  Isle of Man  Sept. 28  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- PokerStars are set to take over Las Vegas this November and are offering players the chance to win exclusive packages to get in on the action. The North American Poker Tour (NAPT) will be returning for the first time in 12 years from November 4-12 just days before PokerStars' partner Oracle Red Bull Racing will shoot for gold in this season's penultimate race.WIN YOUR WAY TO LAS VEGAS WITH POKERSTARSThe NAPT full schedule  which is now available here  has something for everyone. With a jam-packed schedule and an abundance of exclusive player activities  PokerStars are excited to be bring a first-class Live Poker experience back to North America.Schedule highlights include:NAPT Main Event: November 6–11 - $1 650NAPT NLH Super High Roller: November 5-6 – $10 300– NAPT NLH Cup: November 9-12 – $550– NAPT NLH High Roller: November 10-12 – $5 300– NAPT NLH Mystery Bounty: November 11-12 – $1 100Poker players and racing fans are being offered the chance to win epic Vegas Gold Passes which will see them sit down at the Resorts World Las Vegas tables and enjoy an exciting Oracle Red Bull Racing fan experience.The package  worth $20 300 / €18 600 is available to win through various channels and includes the following:Seat in the $5  300 NAPT Las Vegas High Roller ( November 10-12 ) 300 NAPT Las Vegas High Roller ( ) 3-day pass for two ( November 16-18 ) for Oracle Red Bull Racing Fan Experience in Las Vegas) for Oracle Red Bull Racing Fan Experience in 10 nights hotel accommodation for two ( November 09-19 ) at Resorts World Las Vegas  including taxes and resort fees) at Resorts World Las Vegas  including taxes and resort fees $3 653 towards flights and expensesPower Path Gold Pass Special EditionAvailable markets: .COM  ItalyPlayers in .COM and Italy liquidities will have the opportunity to win a Vegas Gold Pass through Power Path. Power Path is free to enter  with any player who plays real money on the site receiving a $0.50 Step 1 ticket. These passes can be redeemed for entry into an online tournament or an all-expenses paid trip to major poker destinations.From 2 – 26 October  Power Path will be supercharged  with 50 guaranteed Gold Passes to be won. Players on .COM are guaranteed 50 x Gold Passes with 10 of those redeemable for special Vegas Bundles. For the Italian market  10 guaranteed Gold Passes will be up for grabs with 2 lucky winners able to redeem their pass for a Vegas Bundle.The Vegas Bundles  worth $20 300 / €18 600 ($10k added value compared to standard Gold Pass prizes) are available to redeem on a first come  first serve basis.Vegas Gold Pass GrindAvailable markets: SpainFor players in Spain  an opportunity to rake your way to Vegas is available through the Vegas Gold Pass Grind from 25 September – 25 October. 3 x Vegas Gold Passes worth €18 600 will be awarded through a Rake Race  with the top 3 players at the end of the promotional period receiving a coveted pass.Vegas Gold Pass FreerollAvailable markets: France  SpainTwo more Vegas Gold Pass opportunities are available for players in France and Spain. From 25 September – 26 October  any player who deposits using a code during the specified period will receive a ticket for a freeroll on 26 October. The Vegas Gold Pass Freeroll will award 2 x Vegas Gold Passes.Vegas Gold Pass (NACOOP)Available markets: Michigan  New Jersey  Pennsylvania  OntarioThe North American Championship of Online Poker (NACOOP) kicked off 15 September  with tournament running for players in MI+NJ  PA and ON until 2 October. The championship's Main Events which take October 1-2 will award a Vegas Gold Pass for respective winners in USCOOP  PACOOP and ONCOOP.For more information on NACOOP  head to PokerStars Blog.Vegas Infinite Gold PassAvailable markets: Michigan  New Jersey  Pennsylvania  Ontario  UKFrom October 13- October 28  Vegas Infinite players can enter one of 8 Feeder Freerolls by answering a multiple-choice question within the product  then playing an 8 Handed Final  where the winner will win a Vegas Gold Pass.The Freerolls will take place on the following dates:Freeroll 1: Friday October 13 6pm ETFreeroll 2: Saturday October 14 6pm ETFreeroll 3: Friday October 15 6pm ETFreeroll 4: Saturday October 20 6pm ETFreeroll 5: Friday October 21 6pm ETFreeroll 6: Saturday October 22 6pm ETFreeroll 7: Sunday October 23 Noon ETLast Chance Freeroll: Thursday October 26 6pm ET8 Handed Final: Friday October 28 at 6pmET.Players can also buy-in directly to play at NAPT Las Vegas  more details can be found here.PokerStars CEO Kevin Harrington commented:""We are delighted to be bringing back the NAPT after 12 years  with Resorts World Las Vegas as our first stop. Building on the success of our European Poker Tour  we are excited to bring epic Live Poker back to North America and demonstrate to our players across the globe how we embody our passion for players."" He went on to say: ""We take pride in making our events accessible to all players. The introduction of the Vegas Gold Pass allows us to award players with a package trip to Las Vegas to enjoy classic Live Poker action  as well as being entertained by an epic Oracle Red Bull Racing Fan Experience.""Note to editors:In Las Vegas  Nevada a person under the age of 21 years shall not play  be allowed to play  place wagers at  or collect winnings from  whether personally or through an agent  any gambling game  slot machine  race book  sports pool  or pari-mutuel operator. An underage person may be allowed to walk through a casino if they are accompanied by a parent or legal guardian. They are still not allowed to gamble or loiter in the casino  but they are allowed to walk through the casino to get to a restaurant  show  or other non-gambling area.About PokerStarsPokerStars operates the world's most popular online poker sites  serving the global poker community. Since it launched in 2001  PokerStars has become the first choice of players all over the world  with more daily tournaments than anywhere else and with the best online security. More than 200 billion hands have been dealt on PokerStars  which is more than any other site.PokerStars is ultimately owned by Flutter Entertainment plc. (LSE: FLTR) (EURONEXT: FLTR).Play Responsibly! For more information on responsible gaming please visit our website at http://www.pokerstars.com/about/responsible-gaming/.Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2234552/PokerStars.jpgLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1164298/PokerStars_Logo.jpgFor further information  please contact [email protected].SOURCE PokerStars",neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['WAY', 'VEGAS', 'POKERSTARS', 'exciting Oracle Red Bull Racing fan experience', ""PokerStars' partner Oracle Red Bull Racing"", 'expenses Power Path Gold Pass Special Edition', 'NAPT NLH Super High Roller', 'Resorts World Las Vegas tables', '$5 ,300 NAPT Las Vegas High Roller', 'The North American Poker Tour', 'NAPT NLH High Roller', 'first-class Live Poker experience', 'The Vegas Gold Pass Freeroll', 'NAPT NLH Mystery Bounty', 'standard Gold Pass prizes', 'Vegas Gold Pass Grind', 'Vegas Gold Pass opportunities', 'The North American Championship', 'PokerStars CEO Kevin Harrington', 'Vegas Infinite Gold Pass', '3 x Vegas Gold Passes', '2 x Vegas Gold Passes', 'epic Vegas Gold Passes', 'The NAPT full schedule', 'special Vegas Bundles', '50 x Gold Passes', 'NAPT NLH Cup', 'The Vegas Bundles', 'European Poker Tour', '50 guaranteed Gold Passes', '10 guaranteed Gold Passes', 'epic Live Poker', 'full NAPT schedule', 'major poker destinations', '10 nights hotel accommodation', 'NAPT Main Event', 'first serve basis', 'Vegas Infinite players', 'exclusive player activities', 'racing fans', 'Last Chance Freeroll', 'The Freerolls', '3-day pass', 'coveted pass', 'Online Poker', 'jam-packed schedule', 'Schedule highlights', 'exclusive packages', 'Main Events', 'Poker players', 'PokerStars Blog', 'first time', 'first come', 'first stop', 'penultimate race', 'various channels', 'resort fees', 'Available markets', 'real money', 'Italian market', '2 lucky winners', 'Rake Race', 'New Jersey', 'respective winners', '8 Feeder Freerolls', 'multiple-choice question', 'following dates', 'Italy liquidities', '$0.50 Step 1 ticket', 'online tournament', 'promotional period', '8 Handed Final', 'top 3 players', 'ways', 'ONCHAN', 'Isle', 'Man', 'Sept.', 'PRNewswire', 'action', '12 years', 'November', 'season', 'something', 'everyone', 'abundance', 'Seat', 'two', 'taxes', 'flights', 'opportunity', 'site', 'entry', 'trip', '26 October', 'grabs', 'value', 'Spain', '25 September', '25 October', 'end', 'France', 'code', 'NACOOP', 'Michigan', 'Pennsylvania', 'Ontario', 'MI+NJ', '2 October', 'USCOOP', 'PACOOP', 'ONCOOP', 'information', 'UK', 'product', 'place', 'Friday', 'Saturday', 'Sunday', 'Thursday', '6pmET', 'details', 'success']",2023-09-28,2023-09-29,prnewswire.com
30800,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-publishes-first-half-2023-170000983.html,Oxurion Publishes First Half 2023 Results,Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – September 29  2023 – 7.00 PM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal ...,Oxurion NVRegulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – September 29  2023 – 7.00 PM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today published its financial and business update for the six-month period ending June 30  2023.The half-year report is available in the “Investors” section of the Company’s website and can also be downloaded as a PDF.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comAttachments,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['First Half 2023 Results', 'Oxurion', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Oxurion NV Regulated Information Leuven', 'clinical stage assets', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next generation standard', 'potential new standard', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'next-generation standard', 'More information', 'business update', 'Conway Communications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'six-month period', 'half-year report', 'Investors” section', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'U S', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'vision loss', 'Tom Graney', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'September', '7.00 PM', 'financial', 'June', 'website', 'PDF', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Tel', 'Attachments', '32']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,uk.finance.yahoo.com
30801,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-receives-first-eur-1-060400553.html,Oxurion Receives First EUR 1 Million under Amended Atlas Funding Program,EUR 3.5 Million in Unconditional Funding Allowing Company to Achieve Topline Data from KALAHARI Trial Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – September 18  2023 – 8 am CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next ...,Oxurion NVEUR 3.5 Million in Unconditional Funding Allowing Company to Achieve Topline Data from KALAHARI TrialLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – September 18  2023 – 8 am CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  has announced the completion of Tranche 5 of funding under the Subscription Agreement with Atlas Special Opportunities LLC (“Atlas”).On September 15  2023  the Company issued 40 convertible bonds with a value of EUR 1 million to Atlas. This Tranche is the first installment of the EUR 3.5 million in unconditional funding agreed with Atlas allowing the Company to reach the topline data of the Phase 2  Part B of the KALAHARI trial  which is expected by the end of 2023.Under the terms of the amended Subscription Agreement  Atlas has waived the market capitalization and liquidity conditions for up to EUR 3.5 million in mandatorily convertible bonds to be issued before the topline data is received by the end of 2023.Under the Funding Program  Atlas has committed to 20 million in funding over a 24-month period  of which it has now subscribed to EUR 9 million (leaving a remainder of EUR 11 million of which the conditions are waived for EUR 2.5 million).Tom Graney  CEO of Oxurion  said: “Given Atlas’s steadfast support  Oxurion is confident of reaching the topline data from the KALAHARI trial without the need for additional capital. This trial is evaluating THR-149 versus market leader aflibercept  and Oxurion hopes to demonstrate the superior efficacy of THR-149 in treating the up to 50% of patients with diabetic macular edema (DME) for whom the current standard of care is suboptimal. We look forward to sharing the topline results from this trial as DME remains the leading cause of blindness for working-aged people and THR-149 holds the promise of addressing this large unmet need.”Story continuesAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comAttachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.36,0.33,True,English,"['Atlas Funding Program', 'First EUR', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Unconditional Funding Allowing Company', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'market leader aflibercept', 'next generation standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'clinical stage assets', 'mandatorily convertible bonds', 'large unmet need', 'potential new standard', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'KALAHARI Trial Leuven', '40 convertible bonds', 'next-generation standard', 'market capitalization', 'current standard', 'Conway Communications', 'new information', 'Topline Data', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Subscription Agreement', 'first installment', 'Part B', 'Funding Program', '24-month period', 'additional capital', 'superior efficacy', 'topline results', 'leading cause', 'working-aged people', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'liquidity conditions', 'Tom Graney', 'other conditions', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Oxurion NV', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'September', 'completion', 'Tranche', 'value', 'Phase', 'end', 'terms', 'remainder', 'CEO', 'support', 'THR-149', 'blindness', 'promise', 'Story', 'treatment', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '8', '32']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,uk.finance.yahoo.com
30802,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/thunderbird-resorts-inc-2023-half-202000410.html,Thunderbird Resorts Inc. 2023 Half Year Report,"ROAD TOWN  BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS / ACCESSWIRE / September 29  2023 /  (""Thunderbird"") (FSE:4TR); and (Euronext:TBIRD) is pleased to announce that its 2023 Half-year report has been filed with the Euronext (""Euronext Amsterdam"")","ROAD TOWN  BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS / ACCESSWIRE / September 29  2023 / Thunderbird Resorts Inc. (""Thunderbird"") (FSE:4TR); and (Euronext:TBIRD) is pleased to announce that its 2023 Half-year report has been filed with the Euronext (""Euronext Amsterdam"") and the Netherlands Authority for Financial Markets (""AFM""). As a Designated Foreign Issuer with respect to Canadian securities regulations  the Half-year report is intended to comply with the rules and regulations set forth by the AFM and the Euronext Amsterdam.Copies of the 2023 Half-year report and Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements Report in the English language will be available at no cost at the Group's website at www.thunderbirdresorts.com. Copies in the English language are available at no cost at the Group's operational office in Panama and at the offices of our local paying agent ING Commercial Banking  Paying Agency Services  Location Code TRC 01.013  Foppingadreef 7  1102 BD Amsterdam  the Netherlands (tel: +31 20 563 6619  fax: +31 20 563 6959  email: iss.pas@ing.nl). Copies are also available on SEDAR at www.SEDAR.com.Below are certain material excerpts from the full 2023 Half-year report the entirety of which can be found on our website at www.thunderbirdresorts.com.Dear Shareholders and Investors:The below summarizes the Group's performance through June 30  2023.EBITDA: Property EBITDA decreased by $190 thousand and adjusted EBITDA by $750 thousand over the same period in 2022. The decreases were largely driven by one-time events around settlements of litigation  related legal fees and spot employee bonuses. Profit / (Loss): Based on Continuing Operations  Profit increased by $549 thousand  an improvement of $195 thousand as compared to Half-year 2022. The improvement was driven primarily by falling interest expense and by one-time gains from debt restructurings. Net Debt: Borrowings were reduced by $1.27 million. Gross debt (inclusive of obligations under leases and hire purchase contracts) were reduced by $1.71 million. Net debt increased by $885 thousand as we deployed cash to reduce borrowings and to cover one-time expenses. IMPACT OF COVID-19 ON 2023 AND BEYONDStory continuesCovid-19 is now having little direct impact in our markets. High rates of inflation and the response by central banks in raising interest rate does seem to be suppressing demand in different sectors of our markets  but through the first half of 2023 seems to be minimally impacting on our operations. Management has stabilized its operations and its cash management. To be prudent  however  we maintain unchanged our Management Statement on Going Concern as last updated in our 2022 Annual Report.SHAREHOLDER MANDATE AND OUR ASSETSWe continue to pursue decisions that support the best interest of shareholders according to the shareholder mandate set forth in the September 21  2016 Special Resolutions. Please read the following carefully.Peru Real Estate Assets: As of the publication of this 2023 Half-year Report  the Group completed the process to convert a 66-suite hotel into a condominium apartment building of 66 units for sale. In the same mixed-use building  the Group also continues to own approximately 6 703 m2 of rentable-sellable office space  and 91 underground parking spaces. Please note the following:The Group completed the conversion of the 66-suite hotel into condominiums. We project to have completed sale of all condominiums in 2023.The Group is evaluating the conversion of its 6 703 m2 of offices to apartments. Given the pre-sale performance of the hotel conversion into condominium apartments  the Group has begun an analysis of the conversion of its office complex (located in the same building). We have contracted for construction plans and are in the budgeting mode. We have active tenants  the construction budget would likely be in excess of $3 million  and the timing of such a project could take one to two years. The Group will keep shareholders apprised.The Group is also evaluating the conversion of its same 6 703 m2 of offices to flexible office space. In the after math of Covid-19 and the rise of remote work  the Group noticed a rising demand for flexible office solutions. The Group has tested such solutions in the Lima market with approximately 1 000M2 of space  has received positive market response and  simultaneous to evaluating conversion of its offices to apartments  is also evaluating conversion of its offices to co-working and other longer-term flexible options for corporate customers. We have active tenants  the construction budget would likely be in excess of $1.5 million  and the timing of such a project could take one to two years. The Group will keep shareholders apprised as its analyses advance.Nicaragua Gaming and Real Estate Assets: As of the publication date of this 2023 Half-year Report  the Group continues to own a 56% interest in a Nicaraguan holding company that owns the following assets: i) Gaming: Five full casinos and two slot parlors with a combined approximately 733 gaming positions; and ii) Real Estate: Approximately 4 562 m2 of land divided among 5 parcels  and some with tenant improvements as more fully detailed on page 10. Costa Rica Real Estate Asset: As of the publication of this 2023 Half Year Report  the Group continues to own a 50% interest in a Costa Rican entity that owns the 11.6-hectare real estate property known as ""Tres Rios"". Tres Rios  with its own  dedicated off ramp  is located close to the country's 2nd largest mall on the highway between the capital city of San Jose and the commuter city of Cartago. RETIREMENT OF OUR GENERAL COUNSELFinally  we would like to thank Albert Atallah for his 25 years of service as General Counsel. We would like to express our gratitude for his exceptional dedication and unwavering commitment to our company over the years. His expertise has guided us through litigations and legal actions in some of the most challenging countries and against some of the most challenging parties in this world. Albert's resilience  and tireless efforts have been invaluable to our organization. He not only protected our interests but has played a pivotal role in shaping the trajectory of our success. His ability to navigate complex legal landscapes and handle difficult counter parties with grace and professionalism is truly commendable. Albert's contributions have left an indelible mark on our organization  and we are profoundly grateful for his service. We are all deeply appreciative of everything he has done to uphold our values and protect our interests  and he will be missed. We will announce Albert's replacement in due course.GROUP OVERVIEW: The Group's consolidated profit/ (loss) summary for the six months ended June 30  2023  as compared with the same period of 2022 is contained in the Group's 2023 Half-year Report located at www.thunderbirdresorts.com.During the half-year ended June 30  2023  the Group engaged in the following material events:Peru Hotel Real Estate: As of the date of publication of this 2023 Half year Report  the Group has converted it's 66-suite hotel in Lima  Peru into a 66-unit condominium apartment complex and has sold 65 units. The Group now has no debt in Peru  though it does retain approximately 6703 m2 of office complex leased to third parties and for which the Group is evaluating optimization strategies. Due from Related Parties: In the year ending December 31  2022  included in due from related parties are loans to officers for $386 000 (2021 - $381 000). The amounts due from officers is as follows: Albert Atallah $245 000 ($225 000 plus $20 000 accrued interest); Peter LeSar $141 000 ($125 000 plus accrued interest $16 000). During the half year ending June 30  2023  all these amounts due from related parties were paid in full. Due to Related Parties: For the year-ended December 31  2022  included in due to related parties are accrued wages owed to the Groups' officers and directors totaling $1 453 000 (2021 - $1 767 000). The amounts owed are as follows: Salomon Guggenheim $545 000 (2021 - $612 000); Peter LeSar $507 000 (2021 - $550 000); Albert Atallah $400 000 (2021 - $419 000). There are $1 000 (2021 - $186 000) owed to directors as of December 31  2022. During the half year ending June 30  2023  all accrued wages owed to the Groups officers and directors were paid in full.From the six months ended June 30  2023 until the date of publication of this 2023 Half-year Report  the Group has engaged in the following material events:Guatemala Tax Cases: In relation to the 2008 tax case that Thunderbird de Guatemala considered time-barred  the Court issued a resolution on July 20  2023 in which it denies the company's requested dismissal. Thunderbird is analyzing its options to challenge the decision. San Diego Federal District Court: In July 2023 following eight years of litigation spanning the globe  upon payment of a confidential sum to Mitchell  Thunderbird and Jack R. Mitchell  with his wholly owned company  Mitzim entered into a settlement of all claims including the federal court in San Diego  the ICC in Hong Kong  and collection actions taken in the BVI and in Costa Rica. The Parties agree that neither will make  publish  or communicate any statement that defames  disparages  or places the other  or any of the Party's owners  members  partners  affiliates  agents  directors  or officers in a false light. This provision includes any postings  blogs  or communication with any media source  social media site  or account which seeks to damage the reputation of a Party to this Agreement or any such Party's owners  members  partners  affiliates  agents  directors  or officers. Within the terms of the settlement agreement the parties acknowledged and agreed that Thunderbird as a public company has a continuing obligation to disclose material information including the history and nature of the lawsuits among the parties  along with the existence and terms of this Settlement Agreement  in that regard  the parties have settled their claims and released each other  with none of the parties admitting fault. Costa Rica/CIRSA Escrow Claim: This update relates to the disclosed Michael Fox Labor dispute. Michael Fox filed against TRI and Grupo Cirsa de Costa Rica in Costa Rica. TRI was not served with this labor lawsuit  but in the aim of affording evidence and facts to the procedure  it filed voluntarily its response to the labor claim before the 2nd Labor Court of San Jose  Costa Rica. On September 9  2023  the parties entered into a settlement agreement wherein Michael Fox's attorney was paid a nominal sum and Fox released TRI and CIRSA from any and all claims relating to the labor case. Albert Atallah Retires as General Counsel: As previously noted in the CEO Letter  Albert Atallah will retire as General Counsel effective as of January 1  2024 after 25 years of service to the Group. His contributions to the Group cannot be overstated. He will be sorely missed. We will announce Albert's replacement in due course.RISK MANAGEMENT: For more detail on Risk Factors  see Chapter 5 of the Group's 2023 Half-year Report.MANAGEMENT STATEMENT ON ""GOING CONCERN"": This statement is made taking into account the global health crisis and economic fallout caused by the pandemic Covid-19. There is instability in our markets and globally that could impact on Group activities in ways that are currently unpredictable. To account for the unpredictable conditions  in forecasting future cash flows in our assessment of Going Concern  Management has made certain extraordinary assumptions. Specifically  we have:Forecasted a materially negative impact on revenue for the years 2023 and 2024. Forecasted expenses to remain approximately at the levels they are as on date of publication of our 2022 Annual Report  meaning we are assuming (for Going Concern assessment only) that the Group has no more flexibility to drive down expenses further. Assumed that the Group will be able to continue to defer junior debt and to negotiate terms for repayment as liquidity becomes available. Assumed no development nor material construction  but do assume some repurposing of existing real estate to accommodate for changes in demand. Forecasted no extraordinary one-time events that may impact positively or negatively on the Group's cash flows  though such events are possible particularly given the environment. Assumed a stable regulatory environment in all countries with existing operations  and have forecasted receiving no governmental support apart from what has already been received.Management has reviewed their plan with the Directors and has collectively formed a judgment that the Group has adequate resources to continue as a going concern for the foreseeable future  which Management and the Directors have defined as being at least the next 12 months from the filing of this 2023 Half-year Report. In arriving at this judgment  Management has prepared the cash flow projections of the Group.Directors have reviewed this information provided by Management and have considered the information in relation to the financing uncertainties in the current economic climate  the Group's existing commitments and the financial resources available to the Group. Specifically  Directors have considered: (i) there are probably no sources of new financing available to the Group; (ii) the Group has limited trading exposures to our local suppliers and retail customers; (iii) other risks to which the Group is exposed  the most significant of which is considered to be regulatory risk; (iv) sources of Group income  including management fees charged to and income distributed from its various operations; (v) cash generation and debt amortization levels; (vi) fundamental trends of the Group's businesses; (vii) ability to re-amortize and unsecured lenders; and (viii) level of interest of third parties in the acquisition of certain operating assets  and status of genuine progress and probability of closing within the Going Concern period. The Directors have also considered certain critical factors that might affect continuing operations  as follows:Special Resolution: On September 21  2016  the Group's shareholders approved a special resolution that  among other items  authorized the Board of Directors of the Corporate to sell ""any or all remaining assets of the Corporation in such amounts and at such times as determined by the Board of Directors."" This resolution facilitates the sale of any one or any combination of assets required to support maintaining of a going concern by the Group.Corporate Expense and Cash Flow: Corporate expense has decreased materially in recent years  but still must accommodate for compliance as a public company.Liquidity and Working Capital: As of the date of publication of this 2023 Half-year Report  the Group forecasts operating with low levels of reserves and working capital. Selling assets will be critical to creating a healthy level of working capital reserves for periods beyond the Going Concern period  which ability to liquidate assets is contingent on market factors that are not within the control of the Group.Considering the above  Management and Directors are satisfied that the consolidated Group has adequate resources to continue as a going concern for at least the 12 months following the filing date of this report. For these reasons  Management and Directors continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the consolidated financial statements.THUNDERBIRD RESORTS  INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Expressed in thousands of United States dollars) for the half-year ended June 30  2022  were approved by the Board of Directors on September 28  2023  and are contained in the Half-year Report for 2023 posted at www.thunderbirdresorts.com. The consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.ABOUT THE COMPANYWe are an international provider of branded casino and hospitality services  focused on markets in Latin America. Our mission is to ""create extraordinary experiences for our guests"". Additional information about the Group is available at www.thunderbirdresorts.com. Contact: Peter LeSar  Chief Financial Officer - Email: plesar@thunderbirdresorts.comContact InformationAlbert AtallahGeneral Counselaatallah@thunderbirdresorts.com+6992611138Related FilesPress Release -TRI 2023 Half-year Report.pdfSOURCE: Thunderbird Resorts.View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/788917/thunderbird-resorts-inc-2023-half-year-report",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.36,0.33,True,English,"['Thunderbird Resorts Inc.', '2023 Half Year Report', 'Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements Report', 'one to two years', 'other longer-term flexible options', 'Peru Real Estate Assets', 'two slot parlors', 'BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS', 'local paying agent', 'Paying Agency Services', 'Location Code TRC', 'related legal fees', 'spot employee bonuses', 'hire purchase contracts', '91 underground parking spaces', 'Nicaraguan holding company', 'Five full casinos', 'flexible office space', 'condominium apartment building', 'Thunderbird Resorts Inc', 'Canadian securities regulations', 'falling interest expense', 'little direct impact', 'rentable-sellable office space', 'flexible office solutions', 'same mixed-use building', 'full 2023 Half-year report', 'positive market response', 'same building', 'Financial Markets', 'operational office', 'office complex', '2022 Annual Report', 'Lima market', 'following assets', 'same period', 'ROAD TOWN', 'Foreign Issuer', 'English language', 'Commercial Banking', '1102 BD Amsterdam', 'material excerpts', 'one-time events', 'one-time gains', 'debt restructurings', 'Net Debt', 'Gross debt', 'one-time expenses', 'High rates', 'central banks', 'interest rate', 'different sectors', 'first half', 'Going Concern', 'SHAREHOLDER MANDATE', 'best interest', 'Special Resolutions', '66-suite hotel', 'construction plans', 'budgeting mode', 'active tenants', 'construction budget', 'remote work', 'corporate customers', 'condominium apartments', 'Management Statement', 'Nicaragua Gaming', '733 gaming positions', 'same 6,703 m2', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Netherlands Authority', 'pre-sale performance', 'rising demand', 'publication date', 'The Group', 'Property EBITDA', 'Continuing Operations', 'Dear Shareholders', 'cash management', 'hotel conversion', '56% interest', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'September', 'respect', 'rules', 'AFM', 'Copies', 'cost', 'website', 'Panama', 'offices', 'Foppingadreef', 'fax', 'SEDAR', 'entirety', 'Investors', 'June', 'decreases', 'settlements', 'litigation', 'Profit', 'Loss', 'improvement', 'Borrowings', 'obligations', 'leases', 'COVID', 'BEYOND', 'Story', 'inflation', 'decisions', 'process', '66 units', 'condominiums', 'analysis', 'excess', 'timing', 'project', 'after', 'math', 'rise', '1,000M2', 'working', 'analyses', 'ii']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,finance.yahoo.com
30803,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/article/6pm-markets-wrap-dublins-euronext-ends-week-up-after-tough-trading/,6pm Markets Wrap: Dublin’s Euronext ends week up after tough trading,London’s FTSE 100 just about kept its head above water as gains for property and utilities stocks were weighed down by losses for energy giants later on in the day,London’s FTSE 100 just about kept its head above water as gains for property and utilities stocks were weighed down by losses for energy giants later on in the dayDublin’s Euronext stock exchange has ended the week’s trading up 20 points at 8 416.The end of week rally follows a couple of days of retrenchment on the Euronext with Permanent TSB up 5.4% to €2.15 per share; Kerry Group was up 2.8% to €79.18 per share and Datalex up 2.6% to 59 cent per share.FBD Holdings was also up by 2.5% to €12.20 per share while Glanbia was up 1.8% to €15.61 per ...,neutral,0.06,0.66,0.28,negative,0.06,0.35,0.59,True,English,"['6pm Markets Wrap', 'tough trading', 'Dublin', 'Euronext', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'utilities stocks', 'energy giants', 'Permanent TSB', 'Kerry Group', 'FBD Holdings', 'week rally', 'London', 'FTSE', 'head', 'water', 'gains', 'property', 'losses', 'day', 'Dublin', 'end', 'couple', 'retrenchment', 'share', 'Datalex', '59 cent', 'Glanbia']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,businesspost.ie
30804,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/availability-half-financial-report-184500943.html,Availability of the half-year financial report,Availability of the half-year financial report First half of the 2023 financial year Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces today the availability of its half-year financial report Voltalia announces that its half-year financial report for the 6-month period from January 1 to June 30 ,VoltaliaAvailability of the half-year financial reportFirst half of the 2023 financial yearVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces today the availability of its half-year financial reportVoltalia announces that its half-year financial report for the 6-month period from January 1 to June 30  2023 has been made available to the public today and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers).It includes the half-year 2023 consolidated financial statements  the highlights of the first half of the year  the statement by the person responsible for the half-year financial report as well as the Statutory Auditors’ review report on the half-year consolidated financial statements.The half-year financial report is available today (in French only) on the Company’s website (www.voltalia.com)  and an English version will be made available shortly.Next on the agenda: Q3 2023 turnover  October 25  2023 (after market closing)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.7 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.1 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 700 employees and is present in 20 countries on 4 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.xVoltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitosi ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['half-year financial report', 'Availability', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Statutory Auditors’ review report', 'half-year 2023 consolidated financial statements', 'half-year consolidated financial statements', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'half-year financial report', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'renewable energy projects', '2023 financial year', 'renewable energies', 'First half', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', '6-month period', 'English version', 'Q3 2023 turnover', 'market closing', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Seitosi Actifin', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'Voltalia', 'Availability', 'January', 'June', 'public', 'highlights', 'person', 'Company', 'website', 'agenda', 'October', 'operation', 'construction', '2.7 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '16.1 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1 700 employees', '20 countries', '4 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'T.', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,finance.yahoo.com
30805,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/news/offer-tax-breaks-to-lure-e10bn-overseas-firms-to-ailing-irish-stock-markets-government-told/,Offer tax breaks to lure €10bn overseas firms to ailing Irish stock markets  government told,Daryl Byrne  chief executive of Euronext Dublin. The Irish stock exchange has lost 21 companies since 2018 and only gained five. Picture: Fergal Phillips Tax breaks should be offered to foreign firms with a market cap higher than €10 billion in return ...,New report commissioned by industry groups says Irish government is behind other EU countries when it comes to promoting capital markets to small companiesTax breaks should be offered to foreign firms with a market cap higher than €10 billion in return for them choosing to float on Euronext Dublin  the government has been warned  in a new report that calls for urgent action to revive the Irish stock exchange.A new report commissioned by industry stakeholders  submitted to the Department of Finance  also calls on the state to follow the lead of the UK by offering tax breaks ...,negative,0.03,0.27,0.7,negative,0.04,0.26,0.7,True,English,"['€10bn overseas firms', 'Irish stock markets', 'tax breaks', 'government', 'other EU countries', 'Irish stock exchange', 'New report', 'industry groups', 'Irish government', 'capital markets', 'small companies', 'Tax breaks', 'foreign firms', 'market cap', 'Euronext Dublin', 'urgent action', 'industry stakeholders', 'return', 'Department', 'Finance', 'state', 'lead', 'UK']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,businesspost.ie
30806,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1107167312/Abivax-Announces-The-Release-Of-Its2023-Half-Year-Financial-Report,Abivax Announces The Release Of Its 2023 Half-Year Financial Report,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word (s): Half Year Report Abivax announces the release of its 2023 half-year financial report 29.09.2023 / 18:00 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): Half Year ReportAbivax announces the release of its 2023 half-year financial report29.09.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax announces the release of its2023 half-year financial reportPARIS  France  September 29  2023 – 6:00 p.m. (CEST)– Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX) (“Abivax” or the“Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body's natural regulatory mechanisms to modulate the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  announces today the release of its 2023 half-year financial report.The 2023 half-year financial report is available on the website of the Company ( ).About AbivaxAbivax is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body's natural regulatory mechanisms to modulate the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Based in France and the U.S.  Abivax's lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis.More information on the Company is available at. Follow us on X  formerly Twitter  @ABIVAX_.Contacts,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['2023 Half-Year Financial Report', 'Abivax', 'Release', 'Half Year Report', '2023 half-year financial report', 'natural regulatory mechanisms', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'lead drug candidate', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'active ulcerative colitis', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'immune response', 'U.S.', 'More information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Abivax SA', 'EQS-News', 'release', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'France', 'September', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'body', 'patients', 'website', 'obefazimod', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', '6:00']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,menafn.com
30807,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2023/09/29/report-calls-for-action-to-support-irish-stock-exchange-amid-departures/,Report calls for action to support Irish Stock Exchange amid departures,Irish-listed companies deliver €12.4bn benefit to economy  report says  as it calls for abolition of stamp duty on trading and incentives for market players,A report commissioned by the Irish Stock Exchange and local stockbrokers calls for Government support to reboot the market as departures outpace initial public offerings. Photograph: Cyril ByrneCompanies listed on the Irish Stock Exchange  Euronext Dublin  contributed €12.4 billion to the domestic economy last year  according to a report commissioned by the exchange and local stockbrokers  which calls for Government support to reboot the market as departures outpace initial public offerings (IPOs).The report  written by Grant Thornton  has called for the establishment of a so-called “cornerstone fund” to participate in IPOs  tax incentives for retail investors to put money into public companies and tax breaks for founders or owners of companies that join the market.It also urged that stamp duty on Irish share trading be abolished – something Euronext Dublin has long campaigned for – and that Enterprise Ireland and Euronext initiate a fresh campaign to encourage companies to consider listing. Enterprise Ireland was among the four parties to commission the report.“Ireland is at a pivotal moment with regards to public listings. Action is required to ensure the domestic equity market remains a viable funding mechanism for Irish companies  commercially viable for market participants  and continues to support the funding needs of Ireland’s growing companies ” the report said. “A local exchange is critical to supporting local enterprise.”READ MOREDublin-listed companies employ approximately 47 000 people across the State  directly generating €6.7 billion in wages  the report said. A further 40 000 jobs are indirectly supported by such companies  it added.All told  the publicly-quoted companies contributed about €12.4 billion gross value added to the economy last year  including indirect impacts  it said.The figure was based on 2022 data  before a series of announcements from some of the largest companies on the Stock Exchange heightened the existential crisis facing the Irish equities market.CRH  previously the Iseq’s largest company  delisted from Euronext Dublin last week as it moved its primary quotation from London to New York. Another heavyweight  Smurfit Kappa  said earlier this month that it also plans to quit the Irish exchange for New York as part of a merger with a US peer.Both  however  have committed to remaining domiciled in the Republic.Flutter Entertainment  owner of Paddy Power  is also expected to leave the Irish market in the near future  having decided earlier this year to take out a listing in the US.Department of Finance officials have warned that nutrition company Glanbia  insulation maker Kingspan and food group Kerry may also be tempted by a US listing. The last Irish IPO was HealthBeacon in December 2021.While the Grant Thornton report said that cornerstone funds are key feature of other small markets  it noted that stakeholders that participated in a consultation on the market were “not unanimously agreed” on what parties should invest in such a fund. State agencies  the Irish pillar banks and family offices were highlighted variously as potential investors  it said.“Reinvigorating Irish equity capital markets is too urgent to be the responsibility of one actor ” it said. “Government and stage agencies  regulators  Euronext  brokers and advisers all need to work together to build a pipeline of potential IPO companies and incentivise key decision makers within companies to choose an Irish listing.“Companies that list in Ireland are more rooted to Ireland  thus delivering greater economic impacts.”,positive,0.53,0.45,0.02,negative,0.02,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['Irish Stock Exchange', 'Report', 'action', 'departures', 'Irish equity capital markets', 'other small markets', '4 billion gross value', 'Irish share trading', 'last Irish IPO', 'Irish pillar banks', 'initial public offerings', 'viable funding mechanism', 'key decision makers', 'greater economic impacts', 'domestic equity market', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'Irish equities market', 'potential IPO companies', 'Grant Thornton report', 'Irish exchange', 'public listings', 'funding needs', 'indirect impacts', 'key feature', 'potential investors', 'Irish market', 'Irish companies', 'Irish listing', 'local exchange', 'public companies', 'local stockbrokers', 'Cyril Byrne', 'domestic economy', 'tax incentives', 'retail investors', 'tax breaks', 'stamp duty', 'fresh campaign', 'pivotal moment', 'local enterprise', 'existential crisis', 'largest company', 'primary quotation', 'New York', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Paddy Power', 'near future', 'Finance officials', 'nutrition company', 'insulation maker', 'food group', 'cornerstone funds', 'family offices', 'one actor', 'stage agencies', 'market participants', 'Government support', 'US peer', 'Euronext Dublin', 'growing companies', 'Dublin-listed companies', 'largest companies', 'four parties', 'State agencies', 'Enterprise Ireland', 'US listing', 'departures', 'Photograph', 'IPOs', 'establishment', 'money', 'founders', 'owners', 'something', 'regards', 'Action', 'READ', '47,000 people', 'wages', '40,000 jobs', 'figure', '2022 data', 'series', 'announcements', 'CRH', 'Iseq', 'London', 'heavyweight', 'merger', 'Republic', 'Department', 'Glanbia', 'Kingspan', 'Kerry', 'HealthBeacon', 'December', 'stakeholders', 'consultation', 'responsibility', 'regulators', 'advisers', 'pipeline']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,irishtimes.com
30808,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/must-read-nfls-fashion-opportunity-160000847.html,Must Read: The NFL's Fashion Opportunity  Coty Begins Trading on Euronext Paris,{Vogue Business/paywalled} Coty begins trading on Euronext Paris CoverGirl's owner Coty Inc. started its first day of trading on Euronext Paris on Thursday  and its stock remained stable. With plans to secure a double listing in Paris  the company launched ...,"Photo: David Eulitt/Getty ImagesThese are the stories making headlines in fashion on Friday.The NFL offers opportunity for fashion brandsAfter the internet broke over Taylor Swift cheered on Travis Kelce at a Kansas City Chiefs game and influencer Alix Earle hugged Miami Dolphins wide receiver Braxton Berrios on the field  the NFL is reaching a new demographic via social media buzz: fashion fans (and Swifties). Fashion brands such as Hugo Boss  Vera Bradley  Born x Raised and Kith have recently debuted NFL collaborations  which is relatively new ground for fashion as fewer luxury brands pursued the sport in favor of tennis  basketball and soccer. ""As luxury brands extend their reach into the sports arena and  more importantly  increasingly act as cultural compasses  we may well see more NFL stars fronting luxury campaigns "" Fiona Harkin  foresight editor at trends consultancy The Future Laboratory  told Vogue Business. {Vogue Business/paywalled}Coty begins trading on Euronext ParisCoverGirl's owner Coty Inc. started its first day of trading on Euronext Paris on Thursday  and its stock remained stable. With plans to secure a double listing in Paris  the company launched a global offering of 33 million shares of its outstanding Class A common stock with prices set at €10.28 ($10.80) per share. {WWD/paywalled}Business of Fashion unveils BoF 500 class of 2023Business of Fashion added 100 new members to The BoF 500 today  marking 10 years of the global community of fashion trailblazers. New inductees include Pharrell Williams  Karol G  Gucci's Sabato De Sarno  Margot Robbie  Anne Hathaway  LaQuan Smith  the members of BTS and NewJeans and many more. The BoF Gala on Sept. 30 will celebrate The BoF 500 class of 2023. For the full list of the incoming class  visit here. {Business of Fashion/paywalled}Sycamore Partners to buy Chico's for $1 billionPrivate equity firm Sycamore Partners has acquired Chico's for $1 billion after previous unsuccessful attempts to acquire the brand in 2019. The deal is expected to close at the end of Q1 2024  but before then  the Chico's board must clear shareholder approval and antitrust scrutiny  according to a company press release. The $1-billion price tag reflects $7.60 per share in cash. Sycamore also owns Belk  Staples  Talbots and The Limited. {Retail Dive}Story continuesHearst names Lucy Kaylin editorial directorKate Lewis has stepped down as Hearst Magazines' chief content officer after nearly 10 years with the company. Lucy Kaylin  who first joined Hearst in 2007 as executive editor of Marie Claire  will become editorial director effective immediately  Hearst President and CEO Steven R. Swartz and Hearst Magazines President Debi Chirichella announced on Thursday. ""During her distinguished career in the magazine business  Lucy has proved herself a standout storyteller and a strong  versatile editor "" Swartz said in a statement. ""Her passion for journalism  high standards and deep understanding of our brands and audience will be essential in steering our business into the future."" {Hearst}Want the latest fashion industry news first? Sign up for our daily newsletter.",neutral,0.27,0.72,0.02,negative,0.01,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['The NFL', 'Fashion Opportunity', 'Euronext Paris', 'Coty', 'Miami Dolphins wide receiver Braxton Berrios', 'outstanding Class A common stock', 'Kansas City Chiefs game', 'CEO Steven R. Swartz', 'latest fashion industry news', 'Lucy Kaylin editorial director', 'influencer Alix Earle', 'social media buzz', 'Sabato De Sarno', 'Private equity firm', 'previous unsuccessful attempts', '$1-billion price tag', 'chief content officer', 'President Debi Chirichella', 'strong, versatile editor', 'The BoF Gala', 'The BoF 500 class', 'company press release', 'The Future Laboratory', 'fewer luxury brands', 'incoming class', 'The Limited', 'luxury campaigns', 'foresight editor', 'executive editor', 'Hearst President', 'The NFL', 'David Eulitt', 'Getty Images', 'Taylor Swift', 'Travis Kelce', 'new demographic', 'Hugo Boss', 'Vera Bradley', 'new ground', 'sports arena', 'cultural compasses', 'Fiona Harkin', 'trends consultancy', 'first day', 'double listing', 'global offering', '33 million shares', 'global community', 'New inductees', 'Pharrell Williams', 'Karol G', 'Margot Robbie', 'Anne Hathaway', 'LaQuan Smith', 'full list', 'shareholder approval', 'antitrust scrutiny', 'Retail Dive', 'Kate Lewis', 'Marie Claire', 'distinguished career', 'standout storyteller', 'high standards', 'deep understanding', 'daily newsletter', 'Hearst names', 'Hearst Magazines', 'NFL collaborations', 'NFL stars', 'fashion brands', 'fashion fans', 'fashion trailblazers', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sycamore Partners', 'Coty Inc.', '100 new members', 'Vogue Business', 'magazine business', 'Photo', 'stories', 'headlines', 'Friday', 'opportunity', 'internet', 'field', 'Swifties', 'Kith', 'favor', 'tennis', 'basketball', 'soccer', 'reach', 'CoverGirl', 'owner', 'trading', 'Thursday', 'plans', 'prices', '10 years', 'Gucci', 'BTS', 'NewJeans', 'Sept.', 'Chico', 'deal', 'Q1', 'board', 'cash', 'Belk', 'Staples', 'Talbots', 'statement', 'passion', 'journalism', 'audience']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,uk.news.yahoo.com
30809,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.financialexpress.com/market/bharti-group-backed-eutelsat-communications-lists-on-london-stock-exchange-3258860/,Bharti Group backed Eutelsat Communications lists on London Stock Exchange,Bharti Group-backed Eutelsat Communications got listed on the London Stock Exchange  the company said on Friday. This will be the second stock exchange after the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  where it is already listed.,Bharti Group-backed Eutelsat Communications got listed on the London Stock Exchange  the company said on Friday.This will be the second stock exchange after the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  where it is already listed.“Eutelsat Communications is pleased to announce that its entire issued share capital has today been admitted to the Standard Segment of the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority and to trading on the Main Market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange (LSE) under the ticker symbol: ETL ” the company said in a statement.The development follows after Eutelsat Communications completed the merger with OneWeb  creating the world’s first geostationary-low earth orbit (GEO-LEO) satellite space connectivity company.“Eutelsat is among a limited number of listed equities offering exposure to the fast-growing Space Sector. Our admission to the London Stock Exchange will offer the opportunity to a wider section of investors and shareholders to participate in our exciting journey ” Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer Eva Berneke said.Headquartered in Paris  the merged entity will have Bharti Enterprises as its largest shareholder  with a 21.2 per cent stake.Sunil Bharti Mittal is the vice president (co-chair)  and Shravin Bharti Mittal  who spearheaded the OneWeb investment  taking it out of Chapter 11  will be Bharti’s lead as a director on the Board of Eutelsat.Akhil Gupta will continue to serve as a Director on the Board of OneWeb  now a 100 per cent subsidiary of Eutelsat.Post-merger  Eutelsat Group will operate a fleet of 37 Geostationary satellites and a low Earth orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites.,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,positive,0.53,0.45,0.02,True,English,"['Eutelsat Communications lists', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Bharti Group', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer Eva Berneke', 'GEO-LEO) satellite space connectivity company', 'first geostationary-low earth orbit', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Bharti Group-backed Eutelsat Communications', 'growing Space Sector', 'London Stock Exchange', 'second stock exchange', 'Financial Conduct Authority', '21.2 per cent stake', '100 per cent subsidiary', 'Sunil Bharti Mittal', 'Shravin Bharti Mittal', 'Bharti Enterprises', 'Eutelsat Group', 'share capital', 'Standard Segment', 'Official List', 'Main Market', 'listed securities', 'ticker symbol', 'limited number', 'wider section', 'exciting journey', 'largest shareholder', 'vice president', 'Akhil Gupta', '37 Geostationary satellites', 'OneWeb investment', '600 satellites', 'Friday', 'LSE', 'ETL', 'statement', 'development', 'merger', 'world', 'equities', 'exposure', 'fast', 'opportunity', 'investors', 'shareholders', 'entity', 'chair', 'Chapter', 'lead', 'director', 'Board', 'fleet']",2023-09-29,2023-09-29,financialexpress.com
