UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57363,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-an-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-ab-skf-302871401.html,Notice Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting of AB SKF,GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB SKF  reg. no 556007-3495  are invited to participate in an Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Thursday 1 October 2026 at 11.00 Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36–38  G…,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB SKF  reg. no 556007-3495  are invited to participate in an Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Thursday 1 October 2026 at 11.00 Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36–38  Gothenburg  Sweden. The doors are open from 10.00. Light refreshments will be served prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting between 10.00 and 11.00.Preconditions for participation1. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Extraordinary General Meeting by postal voting mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Wednesday 23 September 2026  andnotify its intention to participate by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below so that the postal voting is received by Computershare AB no later than Friday 25 September 2026.2. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Extraordinary General Meeting in person or by proxy in the meeting room mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Wednesday 23 September 2026  andnotify the company of its intention to participate no later than Friday 25 September 2026  via the company's website  www.skf.com  or by phone +46 (0)31 337 10 03 (weekdays between 09.00 and 16.00)  or via e-mail to [email protected] (use ""AB SKF EGM 2026"" as subject)  or by letter to Computershare AB  ""AB SKF EGM 2026""  Box 149  182 12 Danderyd  Sweden.When notifying the company include details of name  address  telephone number  social security number and number of advisors  if any.To be entitled to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the shareholder's register as per Wednesday 23 September 2026. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than Friday 25 September 2026 are taken into account when preparing the shareholder's register.Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must notify its intention in accordance with B) above. This means that notice by postal voting only is not enough for anyone who wishes to attend in the meeting room.Where representation is being made by proxy  the proxy form should be sent to the company to the above address or by e-mail to [email protected] well in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document of authority shall be enclosed.Postal votingA special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.skf.com.The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than Friday 25 September 2026. Shareholders may cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website www.skf.com. The form may also be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AB SKF EGM 2026""  Box 149  182 12 Danderyd  Sweden  or via e-mail to [email protected]. Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document of authority shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 (0)31 337 10 03 or via e-mail to [email protected].AgendaOpening of the Extraordinary General Meeting Election of a Chair for the Extraordinary General Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of agenda Election of persons to verify the minutes Consideration of whether the Extraordinary General Meeting has been duly convened Resolution on distribution of all shares in SKF Vertevo AB and authorization to determine record date Closing of the meetingProposal under item 2The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company currently consisting of  besides the Chair of the Board of Directors  members elected by FAM  Cevian Capital  AFA Försäkring and Skandia  proposes that the attorney Patrik Marcelius be elected Chair of the Extraordinary General Meeting.Proposal under item 7On 17 September 2024  the Board of Directors of AB SKF (""SKF"") publicly announced its intention to initiate a separation of SKF's Automotive business with the objective of a separate listing on Nasdaq Stockholm through a Lex Asea distribution to SKF's shareholders. SKF's wholly owned subsidiary  SKF Vertevo AB reg. no 559505-9022 (""SKF Vertevo"") including the underlying group  now embodies the Automotive business.The Board of Directors of SKF proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves that all shares in SKF's wholly owned subsidiary SKF Vertevo be distributed  whereby five (5) shares of series A in SKF entitle to one (1) share of series A in SKF Vertevo and five (5) shares of series B in SKF entitle to one (1) share of series B in SKF Vertevo. If a shareholder's shareholding in SKF is not evenly divisible by five (5)  the fraction of shares which the shareholder's shareholding in SKF otherwise would entitle to in SKF Vertevo will be combined with all other shareholders' fractions of shares into whole shares in SKF Vertevo  which will be sold on Nasdaq Stockholm through Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB. The proceeds from such sale  free of any commissions  will then be paid to such shareholders through the Euroclear system on a pro rata basis.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to determine the record date for the right to receive shares in SKF Vertevo. The record date is expected to take place on 27 November 2026 and the first day of trading in the SKF Vertevo share on Nasdaq Stockholm is expected to occur on 1 December 2026.The distribution of the shares in SKF Vertevo is expected to be made in accordance with the so-called Lex Asea rules. Lex Asea is a Swedish tax regulation. The provision implies  in brief  that the shares in a subsidiary under certain circumstances can be distributed without triggering any immediate taxation of the dividend for Swedish resident shareholders (instead  the tax basis for the shares in the parent company is allocated between the shares in the parent company and the received shares in the subsidiary).For purposes of the Swedish Companies Act  the value of the distribution of the shares in SKF Vertevo is determined based on the book value at the time of the distribution of the shares to SKF shareholders by application of the relevant accounting rules. SKF estimates the book value at the time of the distribution to SEK 11 000 000 000 which hence is the total value that is proposed to be distributed to the shareholders.As of 31 December 2025  SKF's non-restricted equity amounted to SEK 25 966 908 865. On 21 April 2026 the Annual General Meeting resolved on a dividend of SEK 7.75 per share  totalling SEK 3 528 970 777  which reduced the non-restricted equity by the same amount. Accordingly  the amount available for distribution under Chapter 17  Section 3  Paragraph 1 of the Swedish Companies Act is SEK 22 437 938 088.An information brochure containing additional information regarding the distribution and SKF Vertevo's business is published in connection with this notice.Majority requirementsIn order for the resolution by the Extraordinary General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item 7 above to be valid  shareholders representing more than fifty per cent of the votes cast must be in favour of the proposal.Number of shares and votes  and documentationWhen this notice is issued  the total number of shares in the company are 455 351 068  represented by 28 918 310 series A shares and 426 432 758 series B shares  with a total number of votes of 71 561 585.8. The company holds no own shares.The Nomination Committee's proposal under item 2 and the Board of Directors' proposal under item 7 are included in their entirety in this notice. The company's Annual Report including the sustainability report and the Auditor's Audit and Assurance Report for the financial year 2025 as well as the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 6 of the Swedish Companies Act  a statement from the auditor pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 6 of the Swedish Companies Act and an information brochure relating to the proposal under item 7 are available at AB SKF  Sven Wingquists Gata 2  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  and on the Group's web site www.skf.com in conjunction with the issuance of this notice. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders upon request and will be available at the Extraordinary General Meeting. A request  including address shall be made to Computershare AB by phone  email or letter as set out under the heading ""Preconditions for participation""  section B above.Proxy forms will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AB SKF EGM 2026""  Box 149  182 12 Danderyd  Sweden or by phone +46 (0)31 337 10 03.Information at the Extraordinary General Meeting  etc.The Board of Directors and the President shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the company  at the Extraordinary General Meeting provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. Anyone who wishes to dispatch questions in advance may do so to AB SKF  Att. General Counsel  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail: [email protected].Gothenburg  September 2026Aktiebolaget SKF(publ)Reg. no. 556007-3495The Board of Directors________________Processing of Personal DataFor information on AB SKF's processing of personal data in connection with a General Meeting  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. If you have any questions related to AB SKF's processing of your personal data  you are welcome to contact us by using the information in the Notice to the General Meeting or the information below.[email protected]AB SKF (publ)Att: Data Protection OfficerSE-415 50 GothenburgSwedenFor further information  please contact:Press Relations: Carl Bjernstam  +46 31-337 2517; +46 722 201 893; [email protected]Investor Relations: Sophie Arnius  +46 31-337 8072; +46 705 908072; [email protected]This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/skf/r/notice-convening-an-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-ab-skf c4392709The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.18,0.82,0.01,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'AB SKF', 'Notice', '11.00 Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'AFA Försäkring', 'Extraordinary General Meeting Preparation', 'Extraordinary General Meeting Election', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'record date Closing', 'attorney Patrik Marcelius', 'Annual General Meeting', 'social security number', 'voting right registration', 'SKF Vertevo AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'AB SKF EGM', 'postal voting form', 'meeting room', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'agenda Election', 'Computershare AB', 'voting list', 'postal votes', 'Light refreshments', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'minutes Consideration', 'Nomination Committee', 'Cevian Capital', 'special form', 'Wednesday 23 September', 'Friday 25 September', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'telephone number', 'proxy holder', 'proxy form', ""shareholders' register"", '17 September', 'GOTHENBURG', 'PRNewswire', 'Thursday', 'October', 'Kungsportsavenyn', 'doors', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'person', 'company', 'website', 'weekdays', 'mail', 'subject', 'letter', 'Box', '12 Danderyd', 'details', 'name', 'address', 'advisors', 'shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'notification', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'notice', 'representation', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'authority', 'entirety', 'questions', 'Opening', 'Chair', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'distribution', 'authorization', 'Proposal', 'item', 'Board', 'Directors', 'members', 'FAM', 'Skandia', 'separation', 'Automotiv', '10.', '182', '46']",2026-09-07,2026-09-08,prnewswire.com
57364,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-an-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-ab-skf-302871398.html,Notice Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting of AB SKF,GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB SKF  reg. no 556007-3495  are invited to participate in an Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Thursday 1 October 2026 at 11.00 Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36–38  G…,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB SKF  reg. no 556007-3495  are invited to participate in an Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Thursday 1 October 2026 at 11.00 Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36–38  Gothenburg  Sweden. The doors are open from 10.00. Light refreshments will be served prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting between 10.00 and 11.00.Preconditions for participation1. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Extraordinary General Meeting by postal voting mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Wednesday 23 September 2026  andnotify its intention to participate by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below so that the postal voting is received by Computershare AB no later than Friday 25 September 2026.2. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Extraordinary General Meeting in person or by proxy in the meeting room mustbe recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Wednesday 23 September 2026  andnotify the company of its intention to participate no later than Friday 25 September 2026  via the company's website  www.skf.com  or by phone +46 (0)31 337 10 03 (weekdays between 09.00 and 16.00)  or via e-mail to [email protected] (use ""AB SKF EGM 2026"" as subject)  or by letter to Computershare AB  ""AB SKF EGM 2026""  Box 149  182 12 Danderyd  Sweden.When notifying the company include details of name  address  telephone number  social security number and number of advisors  if any.To be entitled to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the shareholder's register as per Wednesday 23 September 2026. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than Friday 25 September 2026 are taken into account when preparing the shareholder's register.Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must notify its intention in accordance with B) above. This means that notice by postal voting only is not enough for anyone who wishes to attend in the meeting room.Where representation is being made by proxy  the proxy form should be sent to the company to the above address or by e-mail to [email protected] well in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document of authority shall be enclosed.Postal votingA special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.skf.com.The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than Friday 25 September 2026. Shareholders may cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website www.skf.com. The form may also be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AB SKF EGM 2026""  Box 149  182 12 Danderyd  Sweden  or via e-mail to [email protected]. Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document of authority shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 (0)31 337 10 03 or via e-mail to [email protected].AgendaOpening of the Extraordinary General Meeting Election of a Chair for the Extraordinary General Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of agenda Election of persons to verify the minutes Consideration of whether the Extraordinary General Meeting has been duly convened Resolution on distribution of all shares in SKF Vertevo AB and authorization to determine record date Closing of the meetingProposal under item 2The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company currently consisting of  besides the Chair of the Board of Directors  members elected by FAM  Cevian Capital  AFA Försäkring and Skandia  proposes that the attorney Patrik Marcelius be elected Chair of the Extraordinary General Meeting.Proposal under item 7On 17 September 2024  the Board of Directors of AB SKF (""SKF"") publicly announced its intention to initiate a separation of SKF's Automotive business with the objective of a separate listing on Nasdaq Stockholm through a Lex Asea distribution to SKF's shareholders. SKF's wholly owned subsidiary  SKF Vertevo AB reg. no 559505-9022 (""SKF Vertevo"") including the underlying group  now embodies the Automotive business.The Board of Directors of SKF proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves that all shares in SKF's wholly owned subsidiary SKF Vertevo be distributed  whereby five (5) shares of series A in SKF entitle to one (1) share of series A in SKF Vertevo and five (5) shares of series B in SKF entitle to one (1) share of series B in SKF Vertevo. If a shareholder's shareholding in SKF is not evenly divisible by five (5)  the fraction of shares which the shareholder's shareholding in SKF otherwise would entitle to in SKF Vertevo will be combined with all other shareholders' fractions of shares into whole shares in SKF Vertevo  which will be sold on Nasdaq Stockholm through Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB. The proceeds from such sale  free of any commissions  will then be paid to such shareholders through the Euroclear system on a pro rata basis.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to determine the record date for the right to receive shares in SKF Vertevo. The record date is expected to take place on 27 November 2026 and the first day of trading in the SKF Vertevo share on Nasdaq Stockholm is expected to occur on 1 December 2026.The distribution of the shares in SKF Vertevo is expected to be made in accordance with the so-called Lex Asea rules. Lex Asea is a Swedish tax regulation. The provision implies  in brief  that the shares in a subsidiary under certain circumstances can be distributed without triggering any immediate taxation of the dividend for Swedish resident shareholders (instead  the tax basis for the shares in the parent company is allocated between the shares in the parent company and the received shares in the subsidiary).For purposes of the Swedish Companies Act  the value of the distribution of the shares in SKF Vertevo is determined based on the book value at the time of the distribution of the shares to SKF shareholders by application of the relevant accounting rules. SKF estimates the book value at the time of the distribution to SEK 11 000 000 000 which hence is the total value that is proposed to be distributed to the shareholders.As of 31 December 2025  SKF's non-restricted equity amounted to SEK 25 966 908 865. On 21 April 2026 the Annual General Meeting resolved on a dividend of SEK 7.75 per share  totalling SEK 3 528 970 777  which reduced the non-restricted equity by the same amount. Accordingly  the amount available for distribution under Chapter 17  Section 3  Paragraph 1 of the Swedish Companies Act is SEK 22 437 938 088.An information brochure containing additional information regarding the distribution and SKF Vertevo's business is published in connection with this notice.Majority requirementsIn order for the resolution by the Extraordinary General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item 7 above to be valid  shareholders representing more than fifty per cent of the votes cast must be in favour of the proposal.Number of shares and votes  and documentationWhen this notice is issued  the total number of shares in the company are 455 351 068  represented by 28 918 310 series A shares and 426 432 758 series B shares  with a total number of votes of 71 561 585.8. The company holds no own shares.The Nomination Committee's proposal under item 2 and the Board of Directors' proposal under item 7 are included in their entirety in this notice. The company's Annual Report including the sustainability report and the Auditor's Audit and Assurance Report for the financial year 2025 as well as the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 6 of the Swedish Companies Act  a statement from the auditor pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 6 of the Swedish Companies Act and an information brochure relating to the proposal under item 7 are available at AB SKF  Sven Wingquists Gata 2  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  and on the Group's web site www.skf.com in conjunction with the issuance of this notice. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders upon request and will be available at the Extraordinary General Meeting. A request  including address shall be made to Computershare AB by phone  email or letter as set out under the heading ""Preconditions for participation""  section B above.Proxy forms will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AB SKF EGM 2026""  Box 149  182 12 Danderyd  Sweden or by phone +46 (0)31 337 10 03.Information at the Extraordinary General Meeting  etc.The Board of Directors and the President shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the company  at the Extraordinary General Meeting provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. Anyone who wishes to dispatch questions in advance may do so to AB SKF  Att. General Counsel  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail: [email protected].Gothenburg  September 2026Aktiebolaget SKF(publ)Reg. no. 556007-3495The Board of Directors________________Processing of Personal DataFor information on AB SKF's processing of personal data in connection with a General Meeting  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. If you have any questions related to AB SKF's processing of your personal data  you are welcome to contact us by using the information in the Notice to the General Meeting or the information below.[email protected]AB SKF (publ)Att: Data Protection OfficerSE-415 50 GothenburgSwedenFor further information  please contact:Press Relations: Carl Bjernstam  +46 31-337 2517; +46 722 201 893; [email protected]Investor Relations: Sophie Arnius  +46 31-337 8072; +46 705 908072; [email protected]This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/skf/r/notice-convening-an-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-ab-skf c4392709The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/637/4392709/4255224.pdf 20260907 Notice Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting of AB SKF https://news.cision.com/skf/i/skf-dji-0353 c3562669 SKF DJI 0353SOURCE SKF",neutral,0.18,0.82,0.01,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'AB SKF', 'Notice', '11.00 Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'AFA Försäkring', 'Extraordinary General Meeting Preparation', 'Extraordinary General Meeting Election', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'record date Closing', 'attorney Patrik Marcelius', 'Annual General Meeting', 'social security number', 'voting right registration', 'SKF Vertevo AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'AB SKF EGM', 'postal voting form', 'meeting room', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'agenda Election', 'Computershare AB', 'voting list', 'postal votes', 'Light refreshments', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'minutes Consideration', 'Nomination Committee', 'Cevian Capital', 'special form', 'Wednesday 23 September', 'Friday 25 September', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'telephone number', 'proxy holder', 'proxy form', ""shareholders' register"", '17 September', 'GOTHENBURG', 'PRNewswire', 'Thursday', 'October', 'Kungsportsavenyn', 'doors', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'person', 'company', 'website', 'weekdays', 'mail', 'subject', 'letter', 'Box', '12 Danderyd', 'details', 'name', 'address', 'advisors', 'shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'notification', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'notice', 'representation', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'authority', 'entirety', 'questions', 'Opening', 'Chair', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'distribution', 'authorization', 'Proposal', 'item', 'Board', 'Directors', 'members', 'FAM', 'Skandia', 'separation', 'Automotiv', '10.', '182', '46']",2026-09-07,2026-09-08,prnewswire.com
57365,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.gov.uk/employment-tribunal-decisions/mr-m-chapman-v-goji-administration-services-ltd-and-euroclear-sa-slash-nv-3201735-slash-2023-and-others,Mr M Chapman v Goji Administration Services Ltd and Euroclear SA/NV: 3201735/2023 and Others,Employment Tribunal decision.,We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK  remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services.You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time.You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.39,0.61,True,English,"['Goji Administration Services Ltd', 'Mr M Chapman', 'Euroclear SA/NV', 'Others', 'GOV.UK', 'other sites', 'essential cookies', 'additional cookies', 'cookie settings', 'government services', 'website', 'content', 'time']",2023-09-08,2026-09-08,gov.uk
57366,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-selected-by-11-versatel-to-support-next-generation-b2b-managed-services-with-a-unified-connectivity-portfolio-302871338.html,Ekinops selected by 1&1 Versatel to support next-generation B2B managed services with a unified connectivity portfolio,PARIS  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading European provider of optical networking  connectivity and SASE cybersecurity solutions for telecommunications operators and enterprises  today announced that 1&1 Ver…,"PARIS  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading European provider of optical networking  connectivity and SASE cybersecurity solutions for telecommunications operators and enterprises  today announced that 1&1 Versatel GmbH  the Düsseldorf-based German B2B telecommunications provider with nationwide fiber reach  has begun rolling out the Ekinops connectivity portfolio.Ekinops selected by 1&1 Versatel to support next-generation B2B managed services with a unified connectivity portfolioAt the heart of the collaboration are modern customer premises equipment (CPE) devices  such as routers  which bundle multiple services into a central platform. For customers  this means fewer devices on site  lower operational effort and significantly easier integration of new services. The new generation of devices offers maximum flexibility in connectivity: in addition to fiber  DSL or mobile connectivity can also be implemented.As a European manufacturer  Ekinops meets the highest requirements for data protection and data sovereignty. Modern  high-performance encryption standards ensure that sensitive corporate data is reliably protected. The new CPE models also stand out for their significantly improved energy efficiency. Compared with the solutions used to date at Versatel  they require around 35 percent less energy on average. This not only helps reduce operating costs  but also supports the sustainability goals of 1&1 Versatel and its customers.They also enable connections of up to 10 Gbit/s as well as the flexible use of high-speed services such as secure voice services  internet  Ethernet connections and virtual private networks.""Thanks to Ekinops' CPE solutions tailored to our requirements  we are systematically developing our service offering while at the same time achieving sustainable cost savings. Reducing the number of CPE models we use gives us additional flexibility  simplifies management across the entire device lifecycle and improves the customer experience "" says Martin Fischer  CTO of 1&1 Versatel.""1&1 Versatel's ambition to simplify operations while expanding a modern managed services offering is exactly the kind of transformation Ekinops solutions are designed to address "" said Frank Dedobbeleer  Chief Revenue Officer  EMEA & APAC  Ekinops. ""By relying on one vendor for Layer 2 and Layer 3 requirements  with multiple functions delivered through a single device and unified software  1&1 Versatel can accelerate service rollout  reduce complexity and create a scalable foundation for fiber-  DSL- and 5G-enabled enterprise connectivity.""For more information about Ekinops solutions  and the full press release from 1&1 Versatel please visit:https://www.ekinops.com/newshttp://www.1und1.net/unternehmen/presse/pressemitteilungen/1und1-versatel-setzt-auf-ekinops-end-Ekinops contactLionel Chmilewsky  CEO[email protected]Investors contactMathieu Omnes  Investor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected]Media contactAmaury Dugast  Press relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74[email protected]For more information  visit https://www.ekinops.com/SOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['next-generation B2B managed services', 'unified connectivity portfolio', 'Ekinops', '1&1 Versatel', 'Düsseldorf-based German B2B telecommunications provider', 'Modern, high-performance encryption standards', 'next-generation B2B managed services', 'modern customer premises equipment', 'modern managed services offering', 'leading European provider', 'lower operational effort', 'virtual private networks', 'sustainable cost savings', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'secure voice services', '35 percent less energy', 'entire device lifecycle', 'full press release', 'sensitive corporate data', 'SASE cybersecurity solutions', '5G-enabled enterprise connectivity', 'nationwide fiber reach', 'unified connectivity portfolio', 'new CPE models', 'Ekinops connectivity portfolio', ""Ekinops' CPE solutions"", 'telecommunications operators', 'new services', 'service offering', 'customer experience', 'multiple services', 'high-speed services', 'European manufacturer', 'energy efficiency', 'single device', 'unified software', 'Press relation', 'new generation', 'data protection', 'data sovereignty', 'CPE) devices', 'mobile connectivity', 'optical networking', 'central platform', 'easier integration', 'maximum flexibility', 'operating costs', 'sustainability goals', 'flexible use', 'same time', 'additional flexibility', 'Martin Fischer', 'Frank Dedobbeleer', 'one vendor', 'multiple functions', 'service rollout', 'scalable foundation', 'Lionel Chmilewsky', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Media contact', 'Amaury Dugast', 'Ekinops solutions', 'fewer devices', 'highest requirements', 'Ekinops contact', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ethernet connections', 'Layer 3 requirements', '1&1 Versatel GmbH', 'Layer 2', 'PRNewswire', 'enterprises', 'heart', 'collaboration', 'routers', 'customers', 'site', 'DSL', 'date', '10 Gbit', 'internet', 'number', 'management', 'CTO', 'ambition', 'operations', 'kind', 'transformation', 'EMEA', 'APAC', 'complexity', 'information', 'presse', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', '33', '1 53']",2026-09-07,2026-09-08,prnewswire.com
57367,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-and-completion-of-its-250-million-share-buyback-program-302871454.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under and Completion of its €250 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 31  2026 up to and including September 4  2026  a total of 294 340 of its own shares w…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 31  2026 up to and including September 4  2026  a total of 294 340 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €14.65 for a total consideration of €4 311 034. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's additional €250 million share buyback program as announced on August 6  2026. Up to and including September 4  2026  a total of 16 552 027 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €249 999 946. The Company has now completed the share buyback program.The Company has published on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun – [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Transactions', 'Completion', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'additional €250 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'The Netherlands', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'August', 'September', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans']",2026-09-07,2026-09-08,prnewswire.com
57368,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-and-completion-of-its-250-million-share-buyback-program-302871466.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under and Completion of its €250 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 31  2026 up to and including September 4  2026  a total of 294 340 of its own shares w…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Sept. 7  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 31  2026 up to and including September 4  2026  a total of 294 340 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €14.65 for a total consideration of €4 311 034. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's additional €250 million share buyback program as announced on August 6  2026. Up to and including September 4  2026  a total of 16 552 027 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €249 999 946. The Company has now completed the share buyback program.The Company has published on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun – [email protected]",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Transactions', 'Completion', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'additional €250 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'The Netherlands', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'August', 'September', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans']",2026-09-07,2026-09-08,prnewswire.com
57369,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/news/tata-motors-shares-in-focus-as-firm-launches-tender-offer-for-iveco-group-values-company-at-3-82-billion/articleshow/133861110.cms,Tata Motors shares in focus as firm launches tender offer for Iveco Group; values company at €3.82 billion,Tata Motors has launched a voluntary tender offer to acquire all common shares of Iveco Group for €14.1 per share in cash  valuing the Italian commercial vehicle maker at about €3.82 billion. Backed by Iveco’s largest shareholder  Exor  the deal aims to take …,Live EventsWhat does this mean for Tata Motors?Tata Motors August salesas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Addas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Add Now!(You can now subscribe to our(You can now subscribe to our ETMarkets WhatsApp channelShares of Tata Motors will be in focus heading into trade on Monday as the company announced it has begun a voluntary tender offer to acquire all issued common shares of Italian transport vehicle maker Iveco Group for €14.1 per share in cash  including the dividend. Tata Motors CV and Iveco Group jointly announced the commencement of the offer by TML CV Holdings B.V. in an exchange filing over the weekend.The offer puts Iveco’s value at approximately €3.82 billion and is intended to give Tata Motors ownership of 100% of Iveco’s common shares  followed by the company’s delisting from Euronext Milan. To finance the deal  Tata Motors CV has entered into a debt commitment letter with Morgan Stanley Bank  N.A.  Morgan Stanley Senior Funding  Inc. and MUFG Bank  Ltd. for fully committed bridge financing.Exor  the Agnelli family-owned investment company and Iveco’s largest shareholder  has also given its irrevocable support to the transaction. The company has tendered its 27% holding in Iveco’s common shares  which accounts for 43.19% of Iveco’s voting rights. Iveco’s board has also given its full and unanimous support and recommendation to the transaction.The tender offer is set to open on Monday  September 7  with Iveco shareholders scheduled to vote on the proposal in October. The transaction is structured to result in the acquisition of all common shares of Iveco and the subsequent delisting of the company from Euronext Milan.Girish Wagh  Managing Director and CEO of Tata Motors  said the start of the tender offer was an important step towards bringing the two complementary organisations together. He said combining their capabilities and market presence could create a stronger and more globally competitive commercial vehicle business  while also supporting investment in future technologies and generating sustainable value for stakeholders.Wagh said Tata Motors had immense respect for Iveco’s heritage  people and brands and looked forward to supporting its continued growth. He added that Tata Motors considered the tender offer a compelling value proposition for Iveco shareholders and was looking forward to completing the transaction successfully.The development comes after Tata Motors reported a sharp increase in commercial vehicle sales in August. According to the company’s monthly auto sales report  total CV sales across domestic and international markets rose 49% year-on-year to 44 411 units in August 2026  compared with 29 863 units in August 2025.Tata Motors’ international commercial vehicle business recorded a much stronger increase during the month. Sales surged 227% year-on-year to 7 792 units from 2 382 units a year earlier  marking the highest growth among the reported CV categories in percentage terms.(Disclaimer: Recommendations  suggestions  views and opinions given by the experts are their own. These do not represent the views of The Economic Times.),neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.13,0.48,True,English,"['Tata Motors', 'tender offer', 'Iveco Group', 'focus', 'firm', 'values', 'company', 'TML CV Holdings B.V.', 'Tata Motors’ international commercial vehicle business', 'competitive commercial vehicle business', 'Italian transport vehicle maker', 'Morgan Stanley Senior Funding', 'monthly auto sales report', 'Agnelli family-owned investment company', 'commercial vehicle sales', 'Morgan Stanley Bank', 'Trusted News Source', 'ETMarkets WhatsApp channel', 'debt commitment letter', 'two complementary organisations', 'The Economic Times', 'Tata Motors CV', 'voluntary tender offer', 'international markets', 'CV sales', 'CV categories', 'MUFG Bank', 'Live Events', 'exchange filing', 'Euronext Milan', 'N.A.', 'bridge financing', 'largest shareholder', 'irrevocable support', 'voting rights', 'unanimous support', 'Managing Director', 'important step', 'market presence', 'future technologies', 'immense respect', 'continued growth', 'sharp increase', 'highest growth', 'percentage terms', 'common shares', 'sustainable value', 'value proposition', 'August sales', 'subsequent delisting', 'Girish Wagh', 'stronger increase', 'Iveco Group', 'Iveco shareholders', 'Reliable', 'Addas', 'focus', 'trade', 'Monday', 'cash', 'dividend', 'commencement', 'weekend', 'ownership', 'deal', 'Inc.', 'Exor', 'transaction', '27% holding', 'board', 'full', 'recommendation', 'September', 'proposal', 'October', 'acquisition', 'CEO', 'start', 'capabilities', 'globally', 'stakeholders', 'heritage', 'people', 'brands', 'development', 'total', 'domestic', 'year', '44,411 units', '29,863 units', '7,792 units', '2,382 units', 'Disclaimer', 'suggestions', 'views', 'opinions', 'experts']",2026-09-07,2026-09-08,economictimes.indiatimes.com
57370,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.naftemporiki.gr/english/2158265/star-bulk-parallel-listing-on-euronext-athens-and-public-offering-of-new-shares/,STAR BULK: Parallel listing on Euronext Athens and public offering of new shares,Star Bulk Carriers Corp  the largest US-listed dry bulk shipping company by market capitalisation  fleet size and total fleet capacity  is proceeding with a public offering of new common shares…STAR BULK: Parallel listing on Euronext Athens and public offeri…,Star Bulk Carriers Corp  the largest US-listed dry bulk shipping company by market capitalisation  fleet size and total fleet capacity  is proceeding with a public offering of new common shares…STAR BULK: Parallel listing on Euronext Athens and public offeri…,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['STAR BULK', 'Parallel listing', 'Euronext Athens', 'public offering', 'new shares', 'largest US-listed dry bulk shipping company', 'Star Bulk Carriers Corp', 'new common shares', 'total fleet capacity', 'fleet size', 'market capitalisation', 'public offering', 'Parallel listing', 'Euronext Athens']",2026-09-07,2026-09-08,naftemporiki.gr
57371,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/09/07/what-we-learned-from-the-tif-the-giant-giveaway-package-the-pms-inevitable-comparison-with-the-other-two-and-the-were-all-one-big-family-culture-of-ministers-maximos-and-backroom-dealings/,What we learned from the TIF: the giant giveaway package  the PM’s inevitable comparison with the other two  and the “we’re all one big family” culture of ministers  Maximos and backroom dealings,Behind the giveaways lies a bruising rift between Mitsotakis and Antonis Samaras  mounting renewed unease inside New Democracy's own ranks in northern Greece  and Yiorgos Mylonakis's return to duty after months of serious ill healthThe post What we learned f…,Newsroom September 7 08:41Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello. It was more or less expected that Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis would use his final Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF) speech before the election to announce a huge package of benefits  the biggest yet  worth close to 2.2 billion euros. It makes sense that he would want to reach as many categories of voters as possible  especially where his own research and focus groups have shown he has lost ground and electoral support. That is probably why the most vote winning measure he announced was scrapping the presumptive tax assessment for self employed professionals. He left just one requirement in place: an annual declaration of minimum earnings of 12 000 euros  roughly the level of a basic salary. Enough is enough  as they say. Beyond that  he also looked after the rest of New Democracy’s (ND) electoral base: pensioners  civil servants and salaried workers  and to a lesser extent businesses  through a very slow reduction in advance tax payments. Worth noting is the original scheme unveiled by Minister of National Economy and Finance Kyriakos Pierrakakis  a savings account for newborns  which drew a lot of attention. Under it  parents and grandparents can deposit 1 000 euros for a child or grandchild  with the state adding another 1 000 euros  so the child has a decent sum by the time they come of age and enter working life.PoliticsAt Sunday’s interview  Mitsotakis was  as always  composed  persuasive and articulate in his answers. Even if you cannot stomach him or would not vote for him  you cannot call him uninformed  unreliable or dishonest. That sense that “whatever I told you last year at the Fair has been delivered this year” is something he has built up with the public  even among his opponents. That  I think  is his main advantage over the other two he must face at the election. The comparison with former Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras  leader of the newly formed Hellenic Left Alliance (ELAS)  who has not even started his campaign yet and is already talking nonsense about global taxation  does him no favours. The same goes for PASOK leader Nikos Androulakis: in 2026  he put his team on tractors for a face to face meal in a village  while Mitsotakis is announcing a 20 000 euro tax free threshold for farmers (incidentally  one wonders whether anyone will actually end up paying tax at all). I think  as far as I know  that Mitsotakis will corner Androulakis particularly hard towards the end  especially over a possible coalition after the first round. What argument will PASOK find not to join a coalition government when ND is polling at 28 to 30% and PASOK itself at 12 to 14%?And one downsideSo  all’s well then  and here’s to good health and plenty of kebabs next year too. But truth be told  the whole three day spectacle at the Fair reeked of old school patronage politics  carnival style showmanship  state fed excess and arrogance. And from the cliques you see gathering in Thessaloniki’s trendy bars and restaurants  it is clear that the governing party’s cronyism and backroom dealing  eight years on  has gone into overdrive. It has hit the red zone  as people say  and at every level  from the lower ranks right up to the top of the party  but above all inside government  among ministers and at Maximos  the Prime Minister’s office. It is all one big gang  one that squabbles from time to time and then makes up  all one big happy family. What can you do? There is plenty in the garden for everyone  now that we are heading into a third term.SamarasLike all civil wars within a political family  the one between Mitsotakis and former Prime Minister Antonis Samaras is set to be painful. Mitsotakis told him yesterday that he has a talent for splitting the party  Samaras hit back by calling him the prime minister of high prices and scandals  and Mitsotakis threw down the gauntlet by recalling that under Samaras  ND won just 18% of the vote in 2012. Maximos is certainly not taking Samaras lightly. In recent days  government officials have been touring counties in northern Greece to take the temperature  and what they found was a mood turning against ND. There is grumbling in various places  there are complaints  and in Serres in particular an odd game is being played by figures loyal to the party’s old Karamanlis aligned wing. The same is true in Thessaloniki  where some ND cells have reportedly been shifting towards Samaras recently  or threatening to  out of discontent.Mylonakis’s returnFrom today  Deputy Minister to the Prime Minister Yiorgos Mylonakis is formally back at Maximos  after several difficult months dealing with a serious health scare. Mylonakis attended the Fair and the Prime Minister’s speech  and appeared in good spirits at a number of events. His role this time will include special assignments as well as liaising with MPs and party officials. Get well soon.The drone strike on Coca-Cola HBC  and the 1.04 billion euros stuck in RussiaWe are approaching five years since the Russian invasion of Ukraine  and the war remains an open wound for Coca-Cola HBC and the David-Leventis family. Kar-Tess Holding  the vehicle linked to the family  remains the group’s largest shareholder with 23%. The wound is open on both sides of the border. The latest episode came last Thursday  when a Russian drone struck HBC’s production plant in Brovary  near Kyiv  prompting Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to describe it as a strike on “American Coca-Cola” and a “clear Russian message to America.” “We can confirm that on 3 September our production facility in Brovary sustained damage during a drone attack. All our employees are safe and unharmed ” Coca-Cola HBC told newmoney. Over the weekend  HBC was assessing the damage and the state of the plant. It remains to be seen how far the disruption will affect production  and the listed company is expected to give an update in the coming period. The Ukrainian plant had already suffered extensive damage back in 2022 and needed repairs before it could resume operations. Fresh disruptions to its operations in 2026 cost the company around 15 million euros in the first half of the year. As recently as 5 August  management had told analysts the situation had settled down and operations had been fully restored. Twenty-nine days later  Brovary was hit again. In Russia  the wound is of a different kind. HBC had invested there for decades and built one of its most important markets. After the invasion  the withdrawal of Coca-Cola’s international brands forced it to switch to a different model  using local brands and local management. The Russian business continues to generate cash  but restrictions on repatriating capital mean a significant share of that liquidity stays trapped in the country: by the end of the first half of the year  cash and cash equivalents held in Russia had reached 1.04 billion euros. And yet  over these four years  HBC has not only weathered the shock but has hit record highs  from sales of 9.2 billion euros and comparable operating profit of 929.7 million euros in 2022  to 11.6 billion euros and 1.36 billion euros respectively in 2025. It is now opening its next major chapter in Africa  with the 2.6 billion dollar deal to acquire CCBA. The war reshaped the map the David-Leventis family had spent decades building. It did not  however  manage to halt Coca-Cola HBC’s growth.Athens Exchange: upgrade  derivatives expiry  and buckle up18 September is shaping up to be an especially lively trading day for the Athens Exchange (ATHEX). Alongside the milestone shift to developed market status under FTSE and Stoxx  the same day will bring the related rebalancing of shares tracking the FTSE Russell and Stoxx 600 indices. The September derivatives series also expires that day  covering both index and stock contracts. Open interest at the end of last week stood at 2.15 million contracts  a record level. The all time trading record on the Athens Exchange remains 3.03 billion euros  set on 15 May 2008  when blocks of shares in OTE  the Hellenic Telecommunications Organisation  passed into the control of Deutsche Telekom (DT).Parcels from China down 53%: the impact on JumboThe introduction of a 3 euro charge on small parcels arriving from China has cut their volume by 53% in the first two months since the measure took effect. This is a development likely to have a particularly strong impact on Jumbo’s performance  since Chinese online platforms are the retailer’s toughest competitor. The timing is ideal  given that the second half of the year is the strongest for sales. September will be a key test  since back to school items push that category’s share up to 9 to 10% of the group’s consolidated turnover.Not a word on the Athens airport expansion tenderWhile the construction industry had expected some official news at Saturday’s National Development Fund event at the Fair about the “hot” tender to expand Athens airport  the airport’s chief executive George Kallimasias chose to keep his cards close to his chest  referring in the end only to projects already under way at Spata rather than to what is coming next. Rumours over the tender  worth more than 1 billion euros and covering a major expansion of the main terminal and the satellite terminal so the airport can initially handle 40 million passengers  have been swirling for weeks. The most contentious point  with pressure coming from several directions including contractors themselves  is whether to expand the project’s scope right now to 50 million passengers  given that passenger growth has arrived earlier than expected. That pressure was reportedly borne out this summer  with overcrowding and delays at the airport  at the same time as reports of a letter from the Civil Protection Authority also raising the issue of whether the project should be scaled up. The tender is being run under the Early Contractor Involvement (ECI) method  bringing bidders in early so costs  specifications and other details can be better planned from the outset. Binding bids were originally due in July  but the deadline was pushed back to mid September. The market sees this week as crucial  expecting news to emerge around the publication of the airport operator’s half year financial report on 9 September  alongside an update on the first half of 2026. The road ahead is reportedly not straightforward when it comes to the decisions still to be taken. Some in the construction industry are even talking about scrapping the existing process altogether  since any rescaling and redesign carries the risk of significant delays as well as greater funding needs  all against a backdrop of rising passenger numbers.More than 35 million passengersStill  at Saturday’s event  the airport’s chief executive did admit that the airport has moved up a league. “This year we will handle more than 35 million passengers  and tourism is the main driver of that traffic. We have grown 33% since the pandemic  compared with an average of plus 5.5% across other European airports over the same period. Athens International Airport (AIA) is now the second best connected airport in Europe in the 25 to 40 million passenger category. Over the years we have made a number of investments  such as extra departure gates for the terminals and additional check in desks  while during the pandemic years around 50 million euros was invested in baggage handling areas. We are now at the stage where  since last year  we have launched two major projects: a new car park and parking stands for 32 aircraft  both due for completion during 2027  while the VIP terminal is also under way. So we have a substantial investment plan that will clearly upgrade the passenger experience significantly  with funding for most of it already largely secured.”Star Bulk: the maths behind 25.50 eurosBehind the symbolism of Star Bulk’s “return” to Athens lies a cold piece of prospectus arithmetic. The maximum offer price has been set at 25.50 euros. With the stock closing on Nasdaq at $31.86 on 2 September and the exchange rate at around 1.158  that 25.50 euros translates to roughly $29.5. In other words  the ceiling of the Greek offer already prices in a discount of around 7% to the New York listing. The final price will be announced on 11 September  with SBLK’s trading on Wall Street acting as a live “guide” throughout the three days of the bookbuilding. Dilution from the offering is small  just 4.4 million new shares out of a total of around 111.7 million  or under 4%. The book already has one declared “buyer ” after the Pappas family told the board of its intention to take part through its own companies. The stock has gained 70.7% over 12 months. In the second quarter of this year  earnings per share of $1.21 beat estimates of $0.95 by 27%  and the quarterly dividend of $0.47 gives a yield of close to 6%. The underwriting syndicate includes major names such as lead manager AXIA/Alpha  coordinator National Bank of Greece  CrediaBank  Optima  Ambrosia and Pantelakis. Of Greece’s four systemic banks  the two not involved will be watching the outcome especially closely. Because the real stake here is not the 112.2 million euros Star Bulk could raise in a single afternoon in New York. What is really at stake is proof that the Greek capital market can properly price the shipping sector. That is why  on Wall Street  Petros Pappas’s move with Star Bulk is not being read as a sentimental “homecoming.” And that may be exactly what other Greek shipowners with companies listed in New York will be watching closely too  not because they have suddenly discovered the Athens Exchange  but because  if it turns out there is real investment depth and capacity to raise serious sums  then Athens gains a usefulness for big shipping that it has not had until now. That is why the outcome of the bookbuilding is worth watching. Pappas’s 112 million euros could end up mattering more for the Athens Exchange than the Star Bulk listing itself. If the bet pays off  shipping offices will start doing their sums. If all goes to plan  SBLK is expected to begin trading on Wednesday 16 September  when Stavros Kapralos  as chairman of the shipping company’s board  and Petros Pappas  as chief executive  will ring the traditional bell on the Athens Exchange trading floor.The Tatoiou neoclassical building heads to the stock exchangeWhile we are on the subject of new listings  note that this morning  at 110 Athinon Avenue  Verallis filed its application for a capital increase and the listing of its shares on Euronext Athens’s ENA Growth market. Verallis  based in an impressive neoclassical building on Tatoiou Avenue in Kifisia  is starting its stock market journey modestly and without fanfare. It will raise just 800 000 euros (a process that has probably already been completed with the help of Theodoros Krintas’s Koubaras Ltd)  on turnover that currently looks unlikely to exceed 2 million euros. Verallis operates a success fee only model: it advises large companies on how to cut operating costs  mainly but not only energy  and is paid solely if the savings target is met. No savings  no fee. Alongside its application  the company will present a growth plan to expand its turnover. Assuming the relevant committees and the Athens Exchange board give their approval  the new shares are expected to begin trading on ENA by 15 September at the latest.Changes in Piraeus Bank’s shareholder registerAccording to the latest data on Piraeus Bank’s shareholder register  funds managed by Paulson & Co. now control more than 14.2% of the bank  up from 13.62% a year earlier  meaning the bank’s main shareholder has quietly increased its stake. In the same register  Vanguard is approaching the 5% disclosure threshold  currently at 4.8%  while BlackRock’s holding has also strengthened to above 3%. Piraeus Bank shares have gained 54.7% over the past twelve months  and in August the bank returned 0.40 euros per share to shareholders.The 2.5% “golden balance point”Reports increasingly agree that on Thursday 10 September  the European Central Bank’s (ECB) Governing Council will raise the deposit rate to 2.5%. That level is seen as monetary policy’s “golden balance point”: low enough not to choke off credit expansion or become prohibitive for borrowers  yet high enough to guarantee higher income for banks  whose loan books remain largely tied to floating rates. According to UBS estimates  every 25 basis point increase adds around 135 million euros a year to the combined income of the four systemic banking groups  and 2026 will already have seen two such moves. The market  however  was not waiting for Thursday. In the Athens Exchange’s current market capitalisation ranking  banks hold four of the top six places: Eurobank at 17.05 billion euros (second)  National Bank of Greece at 16.05 billion euros (third)  Piraeus Bank at 13.1 billion euros (fifth) and Alpha Bank at 10.59 billion euros (sixth). Together  the four systemic banks add up to 56.8 billion euros. Add in Bank of Cyprus (4.58 billion euros)  Optima (2.63 billion euros) and CrediaBank (1.97 billion euros)  and the listed banking sector as a whole is worth close to 66 billion euros  a figure that would have been unthinkable just a few years ago. The only real question for Thursday is the wording of the announcement. Most analysts expect a rate rise paired with a signal to pause  with 2.5% emerging as a “parking” level for several quarters. That helps explain the market’s calm in the face of a rate increase. When everyone is making money at 2.5%  nobody is in a hurry to move away from it.Patras: after the photographs  what next?The arrival of the cruise ship VidantaWorld’s Elegant in Patras brought photographs  statements  smiles and  once again  the long running debate about cruise tourism. But the ship has now left  and that is when the hard part begins. The real test was never whether a luxury cruise ship could dock at the port. It is what happens once the passengers disembark: where they go  what they see  how easily they can get around and  above all  how much money they leave in the local economy. Plans and announcements about the city’s relationship with the sea have existed in Patras for years. What is still missing is a shared approach between the port  the municipality  the region  local businesses and tourism professionals. Because cruise companies are not simply buying a berth on the quayside  they are buying a destination. That is where it gets interesting. The Patradise Mega Yacht Marina  the cruise infrastructure being planned  and the development of the North Harbour all suggest that something is starting to move. The question is whether  this time  the plans will actually gain momentum  speed and a concrete economic payoff. The Elegant did not come to Patras to solve its problems. Without meaning to  it simply shone a light on them. Success will not be another cruise ship arriving and the cameras lining up on the quayside once again. Success will be so many ships coming that  at some point  their arrival is not even news anymore.Old alliances with Greek shipowners are being rekindledAnyone listening closely to Maritime Affairs and Island Policy Minister Vasilis Kikilias at the Fair’s Japanese pavilion would have realised the conversation went well beyond Greek-Japanese pleasantries. Behind the talk of ship orders and technical know how lies a relationship spanning decades  one that Athens and Tokyo now want to push back up the agenda. Greek shipowners were traditionally among the best customers of Japanese shipyards  but today a noticeable share of new orders has shifted towards China and South Korea. So the Japanese have every reason to rekindle old alliances  and the Greeks every reason to keep a strong third shipbuilding option open. The more interesting part  though  was elsewhere. Kikilias brought the International Maritime Organization (IMO)  new marine fuels and “punitive policies” into the same conversation  and given the difficult negotiations in London in recent days  that is unlikely to be a coincidence. In plain terms  Greece and Japan are not just talking about ships. They are also seeking common ground on the rules governing how those ships will operate and pay for the green transition. That may well be the real story behind the meeting in Thessaloniki.Who is chasing shipyard slots in AsiaI hear there has been quite a bit of activity on the phones between Piraeus  China and South Korea recently  and not just around deals that have already been made public. Word in the market is that a number of Greek names are once again looking seriously at shipyards  though that does not mean all of them will end up signing. Vasilis Bakolitsas’s Sea Pioneer has been linked to a large Aframax programme at SK Oceanplant  while Anna Angelicoussis’s Alpha Bulkers is reportedly considering a further expansion of its order book at Hengli. Those are the known names. What is more interesting is the rest. Shipbroking sources say discussions are under way over available slots for 2028 and 2029  with several Greek owners wanting at least to know what is on the table. In shipping  as we know  there is a long way between asking the price and signing a letter of intent  but that is often how the big orders start. There is one detail  though  that matters. Greek owners are not just looking at price. They are looking at which yard can genuinely deliver on time  what engines are on offer  and how flexible a ship can be in the face of the environmental requirements still to come.German sugar taxesSpecial taxes on fuel  on carbon emissions  on gambling  and now on sugar too. Germany’s government is moving ahead with a tax on high sugar soft drinks from 2027. The agreement between the Christian Democrats (CDU) and the Social Democrats (SPD) is part of a bill to stabilise contributions to statutory health insurance  and is partly modelled on the British system. Under the proposal  drinks with less than 5 grams of sugar per 100ml would not be taxed. Those with between 5 and just under 8 grams would face a tax of 0.26 euros per litre  and those with 8 grams or more would face 0.32 euros per litre. The rates would be adjusted annually for inflation. Natural juices and drinks sweetened solely with artificial sweeteners would be exempt. The tax would be levied on producers rather than retailers  to encourage reformulation of recipes and lower sugar content. A transition period of roughly one year is planned. Annual revenue is estimated at around 450 million euros in the early years  and would go towards statutory health insurance. The government has ruled out extending the tax to light and zero sugar drinks  despite an internal draft from the Finance Ministry proposing exactly that  which triggered a backlash.Diesel is making historyIn the United States  the average diesel price climbed to a new record last Friday  reaching $5.85 a gallon and overtaking the previous high set in June 2022  at the time of the first shock from the invasion of Ukraine. To us Greeks  that price looks almost cheap  since one gallon equals 3.785 litres  meaning $5.85 a gallon works out at roughly $1.55 a litre  or around 1.32 euros a litre at the current exchange rate. For Americans  though  it is a real problem. Unleaded petrol now stands at $4.15  up from $3.20 a year ago  a rise of 30% in twelve months. Diesel rose by 24 cents in a single week and by 48 cents over the past month. On international markets  Brent crude is trading near $95 a barrel  up 8% on the week  after the United States launched fresh strikes against Iran and Tehran retaliated by targeting American bases and ships in the Strait of Hormuz. The 60 day ceasefire ended in mid August  and the market has once again started pricing in a risk premium  climbing from $69 on 2 July to $105 on 23 July  having earlier touched $140 back in March. In Greece the knock on effect is already measurable. The average nationwide price of unleaded petrol has just passed 2 euros a litre  as has diesel. The subsidy of 10 cents a litre on diesel has been extended until 30 September  with the fiscal cost since April reaching 211 million euros. Diesel is what moves lorries  ships  tractors and supply chains  in other words  it is what drives winter inflation. In 2022  the record was set by a war in Europe. In 2026  it is being rewritten by a narrow 39 kilometre strait.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.29,0.14,0.58,True,English,"['one big family” culture', 'giant giveaway package', 'inevitable comparison', 'backroom dealings', 'TIF', 'PM', 'other', 'ministers', 'Maximos', 'final Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF) speech', 'former Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras', 'former Prime Minister Antonis Samaras', 'old Karamanlis aligned wing', '20,000 euro tax free threshold', 'old school patronage politics', 'one big happy family', 'Prime Minister Yiorgos Mylonakis', 'Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis', 'self employed professionals', 'Hellenic Left Alliance', 'three day spectacle', 'carnival style showmanship', 'several difficult months', 'one big gang', 'presumptive tax assessment', 'advance tax payments', 'serious health scare', 'vote winning measure', 'Deputy Minister', 'Kyriakos Pierrakakis', 'political family', 'good health', 'Fair reeked', 'one requirement', 'one downside', 'huge package', 'many categories', 'focus groups', 'electoral support', 'annual declaration', 'minimum earnings', 'basic salary', 'New Democracy', 'civil servants', 'salaried workers', 'lesser extent', 'slow reduction', 'original scheme', 'National Economy', 'savings account', 'decent sum', 'working life', 'main advantage', 'global taxation', 'possible coalition', 'first round', 'trendy bars', 'backroom dealing', 'red zone', 'lower ranks', 'third term', 'civil wars', 'high prices', 'recent days', 'northern Greece', 'various places', 'odd game', 'good spirits', 'special assignments', 'drone strike', 'Coca-Cola HBC', 'coalition government', 'government officials', 'Nikos Androulakis', '2.2 billion euros', 'governing party', 'party officials', '1.04 billion euros', 'ND cells', 'PASOK leader', '12,000 euros', '1,000 euros', 'ND.', 'Newsroom', 'Protothema', 'Google', 'election', 'benefits', 'sense', 'voters', 'research', 'ground', 'level', 'Enough', 'rest', 'pensioners', 'businesses', 'Finance', 'newborns', 'lot', 'attention', 'parents', 'child', 'state', 'time', 'Sunday', 'interview', 'answers', 'something', 'public', 'opponents', 'other', 'comparison', 'ELAS', 'campaign', 'favours', 'team', 'tractors', 'face', 'meal', 'village', 'farmers', 'argument', '28 to', 'plenty', 'kebabs', 'truth', 'excess', 'arrogance', 'cliques', 'cronyism', 'overdrive', 'people', 'top', 'ministers', 'Maximos', 'office', 'garden', 'everyone', 'talent', 'scandals', 'gauntlet', 'counties', 'temperature', 'mood', 'turning', 'complaints', 'Serres', 'figures', 'discontent', 'return', 'today', 'number', 'events', 'role', 'MPs', 'Russia', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθ', 'ας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-09-07,2026-09-08,en.protothema.gr
