UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57295,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-its-250-million-share-buyback-program-302852991.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under its €250 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 17  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 10  2026 up to and including August 14  2026 a total of 9 449 336 of its own shares we…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 17  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 10  2026 up to and including August 14  2026 a total of 9 449 336 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €15.08 for a total consideration of €142 506 838. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's additional €250 million share buyback program as announced on August 6  2026. Up to and including August 14  a total of 12 798 336 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €193 934 040. The Company publishes on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Transactions', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'August', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans']",2026-08-17,2026-08-18,prnewswire.com
57296,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-its-250-million-share-buyback-program-302852961.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under its €250 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 17  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 10  2026 up to and including August 14  2026 a total of 9 449 336 of its own shares we…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 17  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 10  2026 up to and including August 14  2026 a total of 9 449 336 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €15.08 for a total consideration of €142 506 838. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's additional €250 million share buyback program as announced on August 6  2026. Up to and including August 14  a total of 12 798 336 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €193 934 040. The Company publishes on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Transactions', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'August', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans']",2026-08-17,2026-08-18,prnewswire.com
57297,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cryptobriefing.com/fireblocks-elad-roisman-chief-regulatory-officer/,Fireblocks appoints former SEC Acting Chairman Elad Roisman as Chief Regulatory Officer,Roisman's appointment at Fireblocks signals a strategic move to navigate complex regulatory landscapes  potentially influencing crypto policy development.The post Fireblocks appoints former SEC Acting Chairman Elad Roisman as Chief Regulatory Officer appeare…,The digital asset infrastructure firm taps a former SEC commissioner and acting chairman to lead its regulatory strategy as institutional demand for stablecoins and tokenized assets accelerates.Fireblocks just made one of the most consequential hires in crypto infrastructure this year. The enterprise digital asset platform has brought on Elad Roisman  a former SEC Commissioner and Acting Chairman  as its Chief Regulatory and Policy Officer and General Counsel  Regulatory.From the SEC to the other side of the tableRoisman served as an SEC Commissioner from September 2018 through 2022  including a stint as Acting Chairman. During that time  he voted on more than 100 rulemakings and participated in over 1 000 enforcement actions.AdvertisementBefore joining Fireblocks  Roisman co-led the Digital Assets Practice at Cravath  Swaine & Moore. His earlier career included roles at the Senate Banking Committee and NYSE Euronext.Fireblocks CEO Michael Shaulov framed the hire in terms of what the company’s clients need right now: guidance on scaling stablecoin operations and producing tokenized real-world assets in a regulatory environment that’s evolving faster than most compliance teams can keep up with.Why Fireblocks needs this role nowFireblocks has processed more than $14 trillion in digital asset transactions across over 150 blockchains. Its client roster includes Worldpay  BNY  Galaxy  and Revolut. The company provides infrastructure for custody  stablecoin payments  tokenization  and compliance reporting.Shaulov described the current moment as one of unprecedented interest combined with innovative regulatory work aimed at advancing the sector. Roisman’s expertise includes insights into US stablecoin legislation and the EU’s MiCA framework.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['former SEC Acting Chairman Elad Roisman', 'Chief Regulatory Officer', 'Fireblocks', 'enterprise digital asset platform', 'digital asset infrastructure firm', 'Fireblocks CEO Michael Shaulov', 'digital asset transactions', 'Digital Assets Practice', 'Senate Banking Committee', 'most compliance teams', 'US stablecoin legislation', 'tokenized real-world assets', 'innovative regulatory work', 'former SEC commissioner', 'tokenized assets', 'compliance reporting', 'crypto infrastructure', 'stablecoin operations', 'stablecoin payments', 'acting chairman', 'regulatory strategy', 'institutional demand', 'consequential hires', 'Chief Regulatory', 'Policy Officer', 'General Counsel', 'other side', '1,000 enforcement actions', 'earlier career', 'NYSE Euronext', 'regulatory environment', 'client roster', 'current moment', 'unprecedented interest', 'MiCA framework', 'Elad Roisman', 'table Roisman', 'stablecoins', 'September', 'stint', 'time', '100 rulemakings', 'Advertisement', 'Cravath', 'Swaine', 'Moore', 'roles', 'terms', 'company', 'clients', 'guidance', '150 blockchains', 'Worldpay', 'BNY', 'Galaxy', 'Revolut', 'custody', 'tokenization', 'sector', 'expertise', 'insights']",2026-08-17,2026-08-18,cryptobriefing.com
57298,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.pymnts.com/personnel/2026/fireblocks-chooses-ex-sec-commissioner-as-new-policy-chief/,Fireblocks Chooses Ex-SEC Commissioner as New Policy Chief,Blockchain infrastructure platform Fireblocks has named a new chief regulatory/policy officer and general counsel. Elad Roisman  a former commissioner and acting chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  will take over the new role effective imme…,Blockchain infrastructure platform Fireblocks has named a new chief regulatory/policy officer and general counsel.By completing this form  you agree to receive marketing communications from PYMNTS and to the sharing of your information with our sponsor  if applicable  in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions .Complete the form to unlock this article and enjoy unlimited free access to all PYMNTS content — no additional logins required.Elad Roisman  a former commissioner and acting chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  will take over the new role effective immediately and serve as Fireblocks’ main liaison to regulators and standards groups  the company announced Monday (Aug. 17).“Elad has both been a regulator and a legal advisor to many of the world’s most prominent financial institutions ” Fireblocks Co-Founder and CEO Michael Shaulov said in a news release. “As our customers move deeper into regulated finance  that experience will enable our infrastructure to adapt and lead in a dynamic regulatory environment.”The release notes that as stablecoins become a greater part of institutional finance  regulators are beginning to catch up. The U.S. has its own federal stablecoin law and is working on market structure legislation  the European Union is instituting its MiCA rules  and groups across Asia and the Middle East are establishing their own standards.“For the hundreds of banks  payment companies  and asset managers that operate on Fireblocks  those rules decide how fast they can build and grow onchain-based revenues ” the news release added.In his time with the SEC  Roisman voted on 100-plus rulemakings and more than 1 000 enforcement actions  and represented the commission before Congress and several international bodies.He has also served as chief counsel to both the U.S. Senate Committee on Banking  Housing  and Urban Affairs  and NYSE Euronext. His most recent role was at law firm Cravath  Swaine & Moore  where he advised financial institutions and FinTechs on digital asset regulation and testified about market structure legislation before Congress.Roisman said in the release there has never been this much interest and work being done by regulators and lawmakers to promote digital asset innovation.“The work now is engaging with these policymakers on the rapidly evolving digital asset environment and supporting institutions as they build and grow the next phase of the financial system under the new regulations and laws ” he added. “I’m energized to embark on that work with the industry leading team at Fireblocks.”In other digital asset news  recent PYMNTS Intelligence research shows consumers are increasingly interested in using cryptocurrency and stablecoins for purchases  although their choices remain limited by acceptance  trust and uneven payment experiences.The ability to use familiar apps could help change things  as 77% of consumers said they would open a crypto or stablecoin wallet through a banking or FinTech app.“That figure suggests banks and FinTechs don’t need to persuade customers to enter an unfamiliar financial world ” the report added. “They can add digital asset capabilities to relationships that already carry trust.”,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['New Policy Chief', 'Ex-SEC Commissioner', 'Fireblocks', 'U.S. Senate Committee', 'evolving digital asset environment', 'recent PYMNTS Intelligence research', 'other digital asset news', 'The U.S.', 'digital asset regulation', 'digital asset innovation', 'digital asset capabilities', 'dynamic regulatory environment', 'unlimited free access', 'CEO Michael Shaulov', 'market structure legislation', 'several international bodies', 'industry leading team', 'uneven payment experiences', 'Blockchain infrastructure platform', 'federal stablecoin law', 'prominent financial institutions', 'unfamiliar financial world', 'asset managers', 'recent role', 'payment companies', 'law firm', 'financial system', 'stablecoin wallet', 'PYMNTS content', 'news release', 'regulatory/policy officer', 'general counsel', 'marketing communications', 'Privacy Policy', 'additional logins', 'former commissioner', 'acting chair', 'new role', 'main liaison', 'legal advisor', 'regulated finance', 'greater part', 'institutional finance', 'European Union', 'Middle East', 'onchain-based revenues', '100-plus rulemakings', '1,000 enforcement actions', 'chief counsel', 'Urban Affairs', 'NYSE Euronext', 'next phase', 'new regulations', 'familiar apps', 'FinTech app', 'Exchange Commission', 'MiCA rules', 'standards groups', 'Elad Roisman', 'Fireblocks', 'sharing', 'information', 'sponsor', 'accordance', 'Terms', 'Conditions', 'article', 'Securities', 'regulators', 'company', 'Founder', 'customers', 'stablecoins', 'Asia', 'hundreds', 'banks', 'time', 'Congress', 'Banking', 'Housing', 'Cravath', 'Swaine', 'Moore', 'FinTechs', 'much', 'interest', 'work', 'lawmakers', 'policymakers', 'laws', 'consumers', 'cryptocurrency', 'purchases', 'choices', 'acceptance', 'trust', 'ability', 'things', 'figure', 'report', 'relationships']",2026-08-17,2026-08-18,pymnts.com
57299,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/opinion/et-commentary/indias-closing-auction-needs-funds-to-show-up/articleshow/133302890.cms,India’s closing auction needs funds to show up,India introduced a closing auction session mechanism for market reform.  This new system requires broad participation to achieve its intended benefits.  Studies show closing auctions improve price discovery and lower trading costs.  Various fund categories ca…,On August 3  India introduced the closing auction session (CAS) mechanism  a market structure reform aligned with global standards. For stocks with derivatives  the final daily price is no longer calculated using a 30-min volume-weighted average. Instead  all orders placed between 3.20 pm and 3.30 pm are pooled  and a single closing price is established based on the point where the highest volume clears.Closing auctions lower trading costs   sharpen price discovery   and make raising capital cheaper for companies. Key to making the mechanism effective  however  is broad participation  which is voluntary.A 2003 study  'A Closing Call's Impact on Market Quality at Euronext Paris'  found that execution costs decreased and price discovery improved following the introduction of a closing call in 1996 and 1998  primarily for mechanical reasons. In continuous trading  large orders cross the spread and walk the book  incurring progressively higher costs with each share. Conversely  during an auction  all orders clear at a single price.But a 2005 study  'Opening and Closing the Market: Evidence from the London Stock Exchange'  found that after a closing call was introduced to its Stock Exchange Electronic Trading Service (SETS) order book in May 2000  even as auction improved price discovery relative to the dealer system  it struggled to clear smaller  less-liquid stocks. The study attributed this to the externality of a 'thick' market - an auction works only if participants expect others to be present. In 'thin' markets  traders avoid participating  fearing a lack of counterparties. The fault lies not in design but in lack of attendance.India's data indicates that on MSCI rebalancing days  73-83% of trading in impacted stocks takes place during the last half-hour. Volatility during these periods is 2x-over 3x than during rest of the day  and the difference between reference price and the close ranges from 61 to 404 bps. FPIs account for 56-60% of traded value  proprietary desks roughly 17%  retail investors around 11%  and domestic MFs 8-9%. Meanwhile  the industry most dependent on an accurate closing value appears to be acting as a bystander.So  what specific actions can each type of fund perform within its legal framework?For starters  there are hedged categories  which held about ₹11.4 lakh cr as of June. An arbitrage fund is required to keep its equity exposure fully hedged. It must be long on stock in cash and short on the same stock in futures. This requirement enables it to sell into buy-heavy auctions. It owns the shares  and unwinding the hedge is its primary activity. This allows it to provide the sell side without shorting any stocks.Now that the derivative window extends to 3.40 pm  and stock derivatives settle based on auction price  both legs of the transaction settle at a single price. Equity savings funds follow the same hedged approach.These funds can adjust their equity exposure within a broad range on any given day. This flexibility allows them to respond to supply shortfalls in the auction by buying during a sell-heavy close and selling during a buy-heavy close  framing these actions as normal asset allocation  rather than opportunistic trading strategies.These funds don't require additional regulatory approvals for such moves. For example  a flexi- or multi-cap fund planning to reduce a position can place that order at market close instead of executing it gradually throughout the day. A cash-holding fund can do the same. Value  contrarian and dividend-yield funds have the strongest case for this approach  since buying what index funds are selling directly aligns with their core mandates.The ceiling is equally real and serves as a firm regulatory limit. No domestic fund engages in naked short selling. During a cash auction  a fund can sell only what it can deliver  with capacity strictly capped by its own assets.As the only structures permitted to intentionally short  these funds are capped at 25% of their portfolio and were valued at around ₹17 858 cr in mid-2026. Stock lending remains limited  with only about 176 of the roughly 2 600 listed stocks eligible.These funds typically hold almost no cash to facilitate purchases. However  Sebi has proposed allowing them to borrow overnight against auction positions.For funds  benefits are clear: executing large trades at transparent prices with minimal market disruption  the primary reason regulators favour auctions over block deals. This supports accurate evening net asset values (NAVs)  while Sebi's push to expand auctions beyond derivative stocks will reward agile funds with broader liquidity.Adopting global standards is meaningless without active participation. By mid-2025  passive capital reached ₹20.5 lakh cr for foreign investors (29% of their Indian equity holdings)  and ₹9.18 lakh cr for domestic funds. Because passive money trades against closing prices  an efficient auction allows global allocators to size up India without penalising it for execution risk. We know what happens when an auction lacks turnout. Domestic funds can ensure that someone actually shows up. National Institute of Securities Markets   and Shunmugam is partner  MCQube,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.09,negative,0.04,0.19,0.78,True,English,"['closing auction', 'India', 'funds', 'accurate evening net asset values', 'Stock Exchange Electronic Trading Service', 'normal asset allocation', 'London Stock Exchange', '30-min volume-weighted average', 'MSCI rebalancing days', 'additional regulatory approvals', 'firm regulatory limit', 'naked short selling', 'opportunistic trading strategies', 'Indian equity holdings', 'accurate closing value', 'final daily price', 'SETS) order book', 'multi-cap fund planning', 'minimal market disruption', 'smaller, less-liquid stocks', 'same hedged approach', 'Equity savings funds', 'closing auction session', 'single closing price', 'same stock', 'trading costs', 'continuous trading', 'single price', 'equity exposure', 'Stock lending', 'Closing Call', 'closing prices', 'price discovery', 'reference price', 'global standards', 'highest volume', 'broad participation', 'Euronext Paris', 'execution costs', 'mechanical reasons', 'higher costs', 'dealer system', ""thin' markets"", 'last half-hour', 'close ranges', 'proprietary desks', 'retail investors', 'domestic MFs', 'legal framework', 'primary activity', 'derivative window', 'stock derivatives', 'broad range', 'supply shortfalls', 'strongest case', 'core mandates', 'large trades', 'transparent prices', 'primary reason', 'block deals', 'broader liquidity', 'active participation', 'foreign investors', 'passive money', 'global allocators', 'execution risk', 'market structure', 'Market Quality', ""thick' market"", 'arbitrage fund', 'cash-holding fund', 'domestic fund', 'auction price', '2,600 listed stocks', 'derivative stocks', 'dividend-yield funds', 'index funds', 'agile funds', 'auction positions', 'efficient auction', 'specific actions', 'sell side', 'passive capital', 'large orders', '₹20.5 lakh cr', 'cash auction', 'heavy auctions', '₹11.4 lakh', '₹9.18 lakh', 'August', 'point', 'companies', 'mechanism', '2003 study', 'Impact', 'introduction', 'spread', 'share', '2005 study', 'Evidence', 'May', 'externality', 'participants', 'others', 'traders', 'lack', 'counterparties', 'fault', 'design', 'attendance', 'data', 'place', 'Volatility', 'periods', 'rest', 'difference', 'FPIs', 'industry', 'bystander', 'type', 'starters', 'categories', 'June', 'futures', 'requirement', 'legs', 'transaction', 'flexibility', 'buy', 'moves', 'example', 'contrarian', 'ceiling', 'capacity', 'assets', 'structures', 'portfolio', 'mid-20', 'purchases', 'Sebi', 'benefits', 'regulators', 'NAVs', 'push', 'turnout', 'someone', '3.20', '3.30', '61', '404', '3.40', '17,858']",2026-08-17,2026-08-18,economictimes.indiatimes.com
57300,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/08/17/feature-in-the-french-magazine-le-point-on-kyriakos-pierrakakis-the-greek-who-wants-to-wake-europe-up/,Feature in the French magazine Le Point on Kyriakos Pierrakakis: “The Greek who wants to wake Europe up”,The French magazine profiles his political and personal journey  from the reforms he implemented in Greece to his rise to the presidency of the Eurogroup  with particular emphasis on the priorities he is setting for EuropeThe post Feature in the French magaz…,Newsroom August 17 09:33Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleThe French magazine Le Point features an extensive profile of the Minister of National Economy and Finance and President of the Eurogroup  Kyriakos Pierrakakis  under the headline “Kyriakos Pierrakakis  the Greek who wants to wake Europe up.” The feature  written by journalists Emmanuel Berretta and Alexia Kefala  traces his political and personal journey  from the reforms he implemented in Greece to his election as president of the Eurogroup  focusing in particular on the priorities he is setting for Europe and his ambition for a more integrated  competitive and dynamic European economy.Among other things  the article states:Kyriakos Pierrakakis grew up in Greece  in a country that found itself on the brink of the economic abyss. Today he is President of the Eurogroup. Here is the odyssey of a reformer whose point of reference is Mario Draghi.On December 11  2025  the finance ministers of the eurozone elected as head of their coordinating body a man whose country  ten years earlier  had come close to leaving the single currency. The symbolism was lost on no one.Roland Lescure  France’s Minister of the Economy  recalled that it was in this very same room that the bailout programs for Athens had been decided. Kyriakos Pierrakakis took office for a two-and-a-half-year term  succeeding Ireland’s Paschal Donohoe  who stepped down to take up a position at the World Bank. He is the fifth permanent president of the Eurogroup and the first Greek president. A powerful symbol for a country that once stood on the brink of bankruptcy.Greece’s “revenge”The Eurogroup is not provided for in the Treaties  except through an attached protocol. It is an informal group bringing together the 21 finance ministers of the countries that share the euro  following Bulgaria’s accession on January 1. The Eurogroup neither votes nor legislates. Yet it is there that consensus is forged.And that is precisely why its presidency carries particular weight. The president sets the agenda  decides when an issue is ripe for discussion  plays a decisive role in the most important institutional appointments in the eurozone  and represents it at the IMF  the World Bank and the G7 of finance ministers. He also chairs the Board of Governors of the European Stability Mechanism (ESM)  the bailout mechanism created at the height of the crisis  which in fact financed Greece. In other words  a Greek finance minister now chairs the institution that holds a significant portion of his own country’s debt. No screenwriter would have dared write such a story of redemption ten years ago  when Alexis Tsipras and his finance minister  Yanis Varoufakis  brought the land of Homer to the brink of disaster.Awakening the EurogroupPierrakakis’s goals for the Eurogroup presidency are attracting considerable interest  far beyond Athens. In Brussels  like Mario Draghi or Enrico Letta  he consistently champions the idea of a Europe genuinely without barriers  where the 27 will stop thinking in terms of national champions and instead jointly create European champions capable of channeling Europeans’ vast savings into innovation and the creation of better-paid jobs.Pierrakakis is shaking up the usually colorless world of finance ministers with his determination  his vivid formulations  his literary references and the breadth of the issues he puts on the table for discussion.The dossier he wants to close before the end of the year is one of the Union’s outstanding issues: the Capital Markets Union. It has been under discussion since 2015. Europe saves more than the United States  but finances its businesses less effectively. Pierrakakis adds to this agenda the need for banking integration  an extremely thorny issue  since every capital protects its banking institutions almost like sacred relics.Proof in practiceHis favorite example comes from elsewhere: telecommunications  one of the few sectors in which Europe has not fallen behind. Nokia and Ericsson continue to compete with Huawei  each accounting for roughly a quarter of the global telecommunications equipment market. But they also need to have a market commensurate with their size.Kyriakos Pierrakakis proposes holding  across Europe  a single auction for 5G and 6G frequencies instead of 27 separate ones. He also proposes a single regulatory authority instead of a multitude of national authorities. The revenues from telecommunications spectrum auctions could thus strengthen the European budget.He dares to put forward ideas and does not stop at words. “During our term in office  the Athens Stock Exchange joined Euronext ” he points out. “And Italy’s UniCredit acquired nearly 30% of Alpha Bank  one of the Greek banks.” “Show  don’t tell ” he likes to say  invoking William Faulkner in the way others invoke articles of the Maastricht Treaty.Greek public services on a smartphoneWithin a few months  he acquired European stature. It did not come out of nowhere. He owes it to the feats he had already undertaken in Greece. Three ministries in seven years and  each time  a taboo to overcome.First came digital governance  from 2019 to 2023. Having joined Kyriakos Mitsotakis’s team several months before the parliamentary election victory  Pierrakakis had already worked out a state reform ready to be implemented from the first day of his ministerial tenure: a single public-services portal called “Gov.gr.” It was launched in March 2020  shortly before lockdown  initially bringing together 500 services  a number that has now exceeded 2 250. While the French were filling out their travel certificates on paper  Greeks could obtain theirs with a simple SMS.Advice from a friend at HarvardThe achievement was as much legal as technological: enabling the state to transfer data from one public service to another without acquiring the right to read it  addressing through the institutional framework the concern over the state’s surveillance of citizens. He also secured  through legislation  an absolute veto right over the other ministries  so as to avoid the endless chain of signatures that had paralyzed the system. More the instinct of a politician than that of an engineer.“In Greece  you can now obtain an uncontested divorce via smartphone. Quite convenient when two people can no longer stand seeing each other ” he jokes.He had sought out a specialist at Harvard  David Yves  who now teaches in London. The Briton remembers a minister who was “resourceful  with unflagging determination” and sums up the real lesson of the Greek experience: instead of individual services  the creation of a single infrastructure  with centralized access to public data and based on the Estonian principle of “tell us once.” A revolution for the Greek state  which also helped eliminate everyday petty corruption and saved citizens countless hours by freeing them from endless queues. And all of this  David Yves points out  at exceptionally low cost.A country coming back from afarIn March 2025  he took over the Finance Ministry. His line can be summed up in three words: “never again bailouts” and never again the humiliation of the troika. The figures he inherited reflect an impressive recovery. Public debt had peaked at close to 210% of GDP in 2020. It has now fallen to around 130%  following  among other things  the early repayment of €6.9 billion to Greece’s first European creditors. By the end of 2026  Greece may cease to be the most heavily indebted country in the eurozone  with Italy taking its place.Unemployment  which at the height of the crisis was approaching 28%  fell to 8.2% at the end of 2025  its lowest level since 2008. The country has recorded primary surpluses every year since 2016  with the exception of the pandemic period.Yannis Stournaras  Governor of the Bank of Greece  whose third renewal in office was proposed by Pierrakakis himself last June  describes a minister who “works through his files meticulously  inspires confidence through his knowledge and  on top of that  has a sense of humor.” For him  the contrast with the trauma of 2015 is absolute: “We had Varoufakis  who sought a head-on confrontation with the Europeans  even at the risk of taking Greece out of the euro. Pierrakakis is the exact opposite.”Fiscal surplusesWith the finance minister  the question now is: where should the surplus in tax revenues be directed? “I don’t want [the country] to settle for stagnation; I want growth ” he says. Pierrakakis speaks of the largest tax reduction in Greece’s history.Demographics are a standing priority for him. As early as 2016  as director of the Dianeosis think tank  he warned that Greece risked becoming “the oldest country in Old Europe.” Ten years later  he now has policy tools at his disposal: differentiated taxation depending on the number of children  age and place of residence—a reform that  he says  is “inspired by the French family model.”Those who watch him operate in Brussels describe an unusual way of thinking  shaped by computer science and mathematics. The incident recounted in the Belgian capital concerns the succession of Luis de Guindos as vice president of the European Central Bank. For the first time there were six candidates  whereas normally consensus forms around a single name. A voting method therefore had to be devised. The process was completely closed: only the countries of the candidates would know the results of the secret ballot—and  of course  the president of the Eurogroup. In each round  everyone was free to withdraw.“As soon as he got the result of the first round  he described to me who would withdraw  how the votes would shift and how the subsequent rounds would unfold. And that is exactly what happened ” recounts an astonished senior Council official. With a single reading  the equation with multiple unknowns had been solved.A friend of the FrenchHis European rise did not happen without the support of France and Germany. In the race for the Eurogroup presidency  Roland Lescure backed him against his Belgian rival  Vincent Van Peteghem  who ultimately withdrew.This alliance is not circumstantial. “There are so many areas in which France and Greece share the same vision for Europe: technological sovereignty  European defense and  above all  the necessary Capital Markets Union ” he lists.This ability to see the bigger picture wins him allies across political dividing lines. Aurore Lalucq  chair of the European Parliament’s Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee—and a politician of the Left—makes no secret of her esteem for him: “He thinks fast. He doesn’t speak when he has nothing to say. Above all  he thinks about what we should do  not what we can do. Naturally  I appreciate that.”The “giant” of Patisia“The first thing that struck me was his height. I was used to being the tallest person everywhere and suddenly I found myself standing in front of a giant ” recalls Christos Chomenidis  an Athenian writer  winner in 2021 of the European Union Prize for Literature for Niki  and one of his closest friends.Height: 1.98 meters. “When Kyriakos is among people of ordinary stature  he is Gulliver. Gulliver among the Lilliputians.” And when he sits at the table  Gulliver becomes Gargantua. A giant who  nevertheless  never gets angry. “When he is disappointed or annoyed  he falls silent ” people around him say. “It lasts four or five hours.”A student of the Marist Brothers at Leonteion Lyceum of Patisia  in a working-class neighborhood north of central Athens  he learned French there for two hours a day. His father  a surgeon  had attended the same school  and today his eldest of three children also attends it. Three generations in the same Marist educational tradition.A diligent student and technology enthusiast  he took apart his first computer at the age of nine. “He was the student who was most comfortable with technology ” recalls his Greek teacher  Amalia Skoura  now the school’s principal. “He had a mobile phone with an Internet connection  which was rare at the time.” When the teacher’s connection was having problems  she would call her student at home.At 22  he left for Cambridge  Massachusetts  and returned with two graduate degrees that would shape the entire course of his later career: one in public policy from Harvard and one in technology from MIT. Two different ways of approaching the same subject from its two ends.Carlyle instead of MarxTwo works of science fiction serve almost as his philosophical guide. Frank Herbert’s Dune  in which a single man changes the fate of an entire galaxy  and Isaac Asimov’s Foundation  in which a science of the masses predicts the future regardless of the individuals who experience it. In other words  the confrontation between Thomas Carlyle  for whom History is written by great men  and Karl Marx  for whom structures determine the course of societies.Pierrakakis has chosen a side. “Even the smallest person can change the course of the future ” he says  borrowing the phrase from Tolkien. And he adds: “If Churchill had never been born  the outcome of the Second World War could have been different.”The test that lies aheadThis conviction is not new. At 29  without office and without a party  he published in an Athens-based ideas magazine a review of Robert Caro’s monumental biography of Lyndon Johnson  his favorite writer  whom he considers “the Thucydides of the modern era.” There he called for Greece to have a leader who would not hesitate to get his hands dirty in an attempt to tame “the dysfunctional machine we call the Greek state.”Fourteen years later  he is the very person who  with the wholehearted support of Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis  has achieved what once seemed unimaginable.Of course  nothing has been settled in Greece. The economy’s takeoff is being eroded by inflation  which in the spring was approaching 5.4%. The minimum wage remains below €900 gross. Pierrakakis knows full well that in the next parliamentary elections  next spring  alongside the French presidential election  the final word will not belong to the primary surplus but to the cost of living. The agricultural subsidies scandal cost the Mitsotakis government the resignations of four ministers on April 3. The European Public Prosecutor’s Office continues its investigations.The cinephile who thinks on a grand scaleSo far  everything has gone well for this 43-year-old politician passionate about cinema and literature. “Literature  cinema and politics have one thing in common. They tell stories ” he remarks.At the top of his personal pantheon stands Stanley Kubrick—especially for Barry Lyndon—followed somewhat further back by Christopher Nolan and Denis Villeneuve. “Kubrick managed to create a masterpiece in every genre he tackled ” he explains. A career without mistakes. So far  his own career seems to be following the same pattern.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.18,0.63,True,English,"['French magazine', 'Le Point', 'Kyriakos Pierrakakis', 'Feature', 'Greek', 'Europe', 'global telecommunications equipment market', 'important institutional appointments', 'telecommunications spectrum auctions', 'Greek public services', 'single regulatory authority', 'European Stability Mechanism', 'fifth permanent president', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'dynamic European economy', 'first Greek president', 'Capital Markets Union', 'Greek finance minister', 'bailout mechanism', 'European champions', 'European budget', 'Greek banks', 'European stature', 'single currency', 'single auction', 'French magazine', 'extensive profile', 'National Economy', 'Emmanuel Berretta', 'Alexia Kefala', 'personal journey', 'integrated, competitive', 'other things', 'economic abyss', 'Mario Draghi', 'finance ministers', 'coordinating body', 'Roland Lescure', 'same room', 'bailout programs', 'Paschal Donohoe', 'World Bank', 'powerful symbol', 'informal group', 'particular weight', 'decisive role', 'significant portion', 'Alexis Tsipras', 'Yanis Varoufakis', 'considerable interest', 'Enrico Letta', 'national champions', 'vast savings', 'paid jobs', 'colorless world', 'vivid formulations', 'literary references', 'United States', 'banking integration', 'banking institutions', 'sacred relics', 'favorite example', '6G frequencies', 'national authorities', 'Alpha Bank', 'William Faulkner', 'Maastricht Treaty', 'Kyriakos Pierrakakis', 'Le Point', 'half-year term', 'other words', 'outstanding issues', 'thorny issue', 'The Eurogroup', 'Eurogroup presidency', 'Newsroom', 'Protothema', 'Google', 'headline', 'feature', 'journalists', 'political', 'reforms', 'Greece', 'election', 'priorities', 'ambition', 'article', 'country', 'brink', 'odyssey', 'reformer', 'December', 'eurozone', 'symbolism', 'France', 'office', 'Ireland', 'position', 'bankruptcy', 'revenge', 'Treaties', 'attached', 'protocol', 'countries', 'Bulgaria', 'accession', 'January', 'votes', 'legislates', 'consensus', 'agenda', 'discussion', 'IMF', 'G7', 'Board', 'Governors', 'ESM', 'height', 'crisis', 'fact', 'debt', 'screenwriter', 'story', 'redemption', 'Homer', 'disaster', 'goals', 'Brussels', 'idea', 'barriers', 'terms', 'innovation', 'creation', 'determination', 'breadth', 'table', 'dossier', 'businesses', 'need', 'Proof', 'practice', 'sectors', 'Nokia', 'Ericsson', 'Huawei', 'quarter', 'size', '5G', '27 separate', 'multitude', 'revenues', 'Euronext', 'Italy', 'UniCredit', 'way', 'others', 'smartphone', 'months', 'feats', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρα μας', 'τα', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-08-17,2026-08-18,en.protothema.gr
