UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57336,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://cryptobriefing.com/belgium-rejects-frozen-russian-assets-ukraine-loan/,Belgium rejects EU push to use frozen Russian assets for Ukraine loan,Belgium's stance highlights tensions between EU financial stability and geopolitical strategies  impacting future asset management and international trust.The post Belgium rejects EU push to use frozen Russian assets for Ukraine loan appeared first on Crypto…,Belgian defense minister calls the position 'non-negotiable' as four EU nations push to unlock roughly €210 billion in immobilized Russian central bank funds held at Euroclear in Brussels.Belgium has shut down a renewed effort by four EU member states to tap into approximately €210 billion in frozen Russian central bank assets as collateral for a large-scale reparations loan to Ukraine. Defense Minister Theo Francken told Flemish broadcaster VRT that Belgium’s stance is “non-negotiable.”The push came from ministers in Sweden  Poland  the Netherlands  and Spain  who wanted to explore options ahead of an EU foreign ministers’ meeting scheduled for early September 2026. Belgium  which hosts the vast majority of these frozen funds through Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear  effectively holds veto power over the proposal.Why Belgium keeps saying noIn December 2025  Belgium torpedoed a similar proposal to use the full €210 billion as backing for a reparations-style loan to Ukraine. That rejection forced the EU to settle for a much smaller alternative: a €90 billion loan backed by the EU budget instead.Prime Minister Bart De Wever has repeatedly flagged the threat of Russian litigation. Moscow’s central bank has already filed lawsuits against Euroclear in Russian courts. A first-instance judgment delivered in May 2026 sided with Russia  though EU authorities do not recognize rulings from Russian courts. Subsequent appeals have been rejected.AdvertisementBelgium has insisted that any scheme to use the frozen assets as collateral would need robust risk-sharing guarantees from other EU member states.The Euroclear problemEuroclear currently manages roughly €185 billion to €202 billion of Russia’s immobilized central bank assets. These funds have been frozen since 2022  when the EU imposed sweeping sanctions after Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine.By mid-2026  approximately €6.6 billion in interest had been contributed to support Ukraine’s defense and reconstruction needs  with further payments scheduled. Belgium’s position has been to redirect this interest income while leaving the principal untouched.Euroclear faces the legal risk of being the named defendant in Russian court proceedings  while also deriving windfall profits from managing these frozen assets.The broader EU divideThe split within the EU maps onto a familiar fault line. Countries closer to Russia geographically or with stronger security concerns  like Poland and Sweden  tend to favor more aggressive action against Russian assets. Western European financial centers  particularly Belgium  prioritize financial stability and legal predictability.International law has traditionally treated sovereign central bank reserves as inviolable. Seizing them  even from an aggressor state  sets a precedent that could make other countries think twice about holding assets in European financial institutions.The four countries that made the latest push clearly believe the €90 billion wasn’t enough. Without Belgian cooperation  any plan involving the Euroclear-held assets is effectively dead on arrival  since that’s where the overwhelming majority of the frozen funds sit.,negative,0.0,0.42,0.57,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'EU push', 'Ukraine loan', 'Belgium', 'Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'sovereign central bank reserves', 'Defense Minister Theo Francken', 'Western European financial centers', 'four EU member states', 'other EU member states', 'EU foreign ministers’ meeting', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Russian central bank funds', 'European financial institutions', 'Belgian defense minister', 'Flemish broadcaster VRT', 'robust risk-sharing guarantees', 'familiar fault line', 'stronger security concerns', 'Russian court proceedings', 'four EU nations', 'broader EU divide', 'large-scale reparations loan', 'The Euroclear problem', 'Russian assets', 'financial stability', 'Russian litigation', 'Russian courts', 'other countries', 'four countries', 'EU budget', 'EU authorities', 'Belgian cooperation', 'reparations-style loan', '€90 billion loan', 'frozen assets', 'Euroclear-held assets', 'early September', 'vast majority', 'Brussels-based clearinghouse', 'veto power', 'smaller alternative', 'first-instance judgment', 'Subsequent appeals', 'sweeping sanctions', 'full-scale invasion', 'reconstruction needs', 'legal risk', 'windfall profits', 'aggressive action', 'legal predictability', 'International law', 'aggressor state', 'overwhelming majority', 'frozen funds', 'similar proposal', 'interest income', 'latest push', 'position', 'Belgium', 'effort', 'collateral', 'Ukraine', 'Sweden', 'Poland', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'options', 'December', 'full €', 'rejection', 'threat', 'Moscow', 'lawsuits', 'May', 'rulings', 'Advertisement', 'scheme', 'mid', 'payments', 'principal', 'defendant', 'split', 'precedent', 'plan', 'arrival']",2026-08-31,2026-09-01,cryptobriefing.com
57337,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-its-250-million-share-buyback-program-302865085.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under its €250 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 24  2026 up to and including August 28  2026 a total of 670 703 of its own shares were…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 24  2026 up to and including August 28  2026 a total of 670 703 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €14.76 for a total consideration of €9 901 697. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's additional €250 million share buyback program as announced on August 6  2026. Up to and including August 28  a total of 16 257 687 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €245 688 912. The Company publishes on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Transactions', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'additional €250 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'August', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans']",2026-08-31,2026-09-01,prnewswire.com
57338,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-its-250-million-share-buyback-program-302865076.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under its €250 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 24  2026 up to and including August 28  2026 a total of 670 703 of its own shares were…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 24  2026 up to and including August 28  2026 a total of 670 703 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €14.76 for a total consideration of €9 901 697. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's additional €250 million share buyback program as announced on August 6  2026. Up to and including August 28  a total of 16 257 687 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €245 688 912. The Company publishes on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Transactions', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'additional €250 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'August', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans']",2026-08-31,2026-09-01,prnewswire.com
57339,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/swi-becomes-an-nvidia-cloud-partner-ncp-302864398.html,SWI becomes an NVIDIA Cloud Partner (NCP),AMSTERDAM  Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- SWI Group (AMS: SWICH)  an investment firm with 3.6 gigawatts of power capacity across Europe and the US  has announced that it has become a member of the NVIDIA Cloud Partner (NCP) program as a Preferred Partner. SWI …,"AMSTERDAM  Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- SWI Group (AMS: SWICH)  an investment firm with 3.6 gigawatts of power capacity across Europe and the US  has announced that it has become a member of the NVIDIA Cloud Partner (NCP) program as a Preferred Partner.SWI Group joins a select group of NVIDIA partners with validated competencies and proven expertise in AI infrastructure. NVIDIA Partner Network membership gives SWI Group access to NVIDIA reference architectures and validated configurations  supporting the deployment of new NVIDIA certified capacity as the platform expands.As a Preferred Partner  SWI Group can deploy NVIDIA-accelerated computing infrastructure across a full range of AI workloads  from model training and fine-tuning to production-scale inference and agentic AI. SWI's NVIDIA-certified competencies span compute  networking and enterprise software. Together  they suggest the company's ambition to operate as a vertically integrated compute provider: deploying the latest NVIDIA GPUs in its own AI factories and running an AI cloud platform on NVIDIA AI Enterprise software.""SWI Group takes another step in its journey to becoming a fully vertically integrated global AI player: first came land  power  shell; now chips  tokens and applications. Our collaboration with NVIDIA will help us establish a strong position in Europe  the US and beyond."" said Max-Hervé George  Founder and CEO of SWI Group.SWI also recently acquired a majority stake in Genesis Digital Assets (now known as SWI Digital)  a 1.3 gigawatts data center company as its main presence in the US. In Europe  SWI has built AiOnX  a 2.3 gigawatt portfolio in Ireland  the UK  Spain  Denmark and Italy  with one site having been leased to a hyperscaler tenant.Investment in other areas of the SWI Group business will continue  with a recent announcement being made that Varia US  managed by SWI  has signed a USD 693.9 million joint venture with Brookfield Asset Management.About SWI GroupSWI Group (SWI Capital Holding Ltd) is a global investment group specializing in private markets  listed on Euronext Amsterdam under ticker SWICH. Formed through the merger of Icona and Stoneweg  the Group deploys its own capital across digital infrastructure  real estate and other private-market opportunities  combining an entrepreneurial approach with institutional discipline. For more information  visit www.swi.com.SOURCE SWI Group",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['NVIDIA Cloud Partner', 'SWI', 'NCP', 'USD 693.9 million joint venture', 'NVIDIA Partner Network membership', '1.3 gigawatts data center company', 'SWI Capital Holding Ltd', 'NVIDIA AI Enterprise software', 'Brookfield Asset Management', 'NVIDIA reference architectures', 'latest NVIDIA GPUs', 'global AI player', 'NVIDIA Cloud Partner', 'other private-market opportunities', 'NVIDIA-accelerated computing infrastructure', 'Genesis Digital Assets', 'AI cloud platform', 'SWI Group access', 'SWI Group business', 'SOURCE SWI Group', 'global investment group', 'AI infrastructure', 'Preferred Partner', 'NVIDIA partners', 'new NVIDIA', 'digital infrastructure', 'AI workloads', 'agentic AI', 'AI factories', 'other areas', 'SWI Digital', 'select group', 'investment firm', 'NCP) program', 'proven expertise', 'full range', 'model training', 'production-scale inference', 'strong position', 'Max-Hervé George', 'majority stake', 'main presence', '2.3 gigawatt portfolio', 'one site', 'hyperscaler tenant', 'recent announcement', 'private markets', 'real estate', 'entrepreneurial approach', 'institutional discipline', 'NVIDIA-certified competencies', 'compute provider', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Varia US', 'power capacity', '3.6 gigawatts', 'PRNewswire', 'SWICH', 'Europe', 'configurations', 'deployment', 'fine-tuning', 'networking', 'ambition', 'step', 'journey', 'land', 'shell', 'chips', 'tokens', 'applications', 'collaboration', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'AiOnX', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'ticker', 'merger', 'Icona', 'Stoneweg', 'information']",2026-08-31,2026-09-01,prnewswire.com
57340,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/swi-becomes-an-nvidia-cloud-partner-ncp-302864399.html,SWI becomes an NVIDIA Cloud Partner (NCP),AMSTERDAM  Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- SWI Group (AMS: SWICH)  an investment firm with 3.6 gigawatts of power capacity across Europe and the US  has announced that it has become a member of the NVIDIA Cloud Partner (NCP) program as a Preferred Partner. SWI …,"AMSTERDAM  Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- SWI Group (AMS: SWICH)  an investment firm with 3.6 gigawatts of power capacity across Europe and the US  has announced that it has become a member of the NVIDIA Cloud Partner (NCP) program as a Preferred Partner.SWI Group joins a select group of NVIDIA partners with validated competencies and proven expertise in AI infrastructure. NVIDIA Partner Network membership gives SWI Group access to NVIDIA reference architectures and validated configurations  supporting the deployment of new NVIDIA certified capacity as the platform expands.As a Preferred Partner  SWI Group can deploy NVIDIA-accelerated computing infrastructure across a full range of AI workloads  from model training and fine-tuning to production-scale inference and agentic AI. SWI's NVIDIA-certified competencies span compute  networking and enterprise software. Together  they suggest the company's ambition to operate as a vertically integrated compute provider: deploying the latest NVIDIA GPUs in its own AI factories and running an AI cloud platform on NVIDIA AI Enterprise software.""SWI Group takes another step in its journey to becoming a fully vertically integrated global AI player: first came land  power  shell; now chips  tokens and applications. Our collaboration with NVIDIA will help us establish a strong position in Europe  the US and beyond."" said Max-Hervé George  Founder and CEO of SWI Group.SWI also recently acquired a majority stake in Genesis Digital Assets (now known as SWI Digital)  a 1.3 gigawatts data center company as its main presence in the US. In Europe  SWI has built AiOnX  a 2.3 gigawatt portfolio in Ireland  the UK  Spain  Denmark and Italy  with one site having been leased to a hyperscaler tenant.Investment in other areas of the SWI Group business will continue  with a recent announcement being made that Varia US  managed by SWI  has signed a USD 693.9 million joint venture with Brookfield Asset Management.About SWI GroupSWI Group (SWI Capital Holding Ltd) is a global investment group specializing in private markets  listed on Euronext Amsterdam under ticker SWICH. Formed through the merger of Icona and Stoneweg  the Group deploys its own capital across digital infrastructure  real estate and other private-market opportunities  combining an entrepreneurial approach with institutional discipline. For more information  visit www.swi.com.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['NVIDIA Cloud Partner', 'SWI', 'NCP', 'USD 693.9 million joint venture', 'NVIDIA Partner Network membership', '1.3 gigawatts data center company', 'SWI Capital Holding Ltd', 'NVIDIA AI Enterprise software', 'Brookfield Asset Management', 'NVIDIA reference architectures', 'latest NVIDIA GPUs', 'global AI player', 'NVIDIA Cloud Partner', 'other private-market opportunities', 'NVIDIA-accelerated computing infrastructure', 'Genesis Digital Assets', 'AI cloud platform', 'SWI Group access', 'SWI Group business', 'global investment group', 'AI infrastructure', 'Preferred Partner', 'NVIDIA partners', 'new NVIDIA', 'digital infrastructure', 'AI workloads', 'agentic AI', 'AI factories', 'other areas', 'SWI Digital', 'select group', 'investment firm', 'NCP) program', 'proven expertise', 'full range', 'model training', 'production-scale inference', 'strong position', 'Max-Hervé George', 'majority stake', 'main presence', '2.3 gigawatt portfolio', 'one site', 'hyperscaler tenant', 'recent announcement', 'private markets', 'real estate', 'entrepreneurial approach', 'institutional discipline', 'NVIDIA-certified competencies', 'compute provider', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Varia US', 'power capacity', '3.6 gigawatts', 'PRNewswire', 'SWICH', 'Europe', 'configurations', 'deployment', 'fine-tuning', 'networking', 'ambition', 'step', 'journey', 'land', 'shell', 'chips', 'tokens', 'applications', 'collaboration', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'AiOnX', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'ticker', 'merger', 'Icona', 'Stoneweg', 'information']",2026-08-31,2026-09-01,prnewswire.com
57341,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/brandhub/pr-release/swi-becomes-an-nvidia-cloud-partner-ncp/article71409938.ece,SWI becomes an NVIDIA Cloud Partner (NCP),SWI becomes an NVIDIA Cloud Partner (NCP),"AMSTERDAM   Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- SWI Group (AMS: SWICH)  an investment firm with 3.6 gigawatts of power capacity across Europe and the US  has announced that it has become a member of the NVIDIA Cloud Partner (NCP) program as a Preferred Partner.SWI Group joins a select group of NVIDIA partners with validated competencies and proven expertise in AI infrastructure. NVIDIA Partner Network membership gives SWI Group access to NVIDIA reference architectures and validated configurations  supporting the deployment of new NVIDIA certified capacity as the platform expands.As a Preferred Partner  SWI Group can deploy NVIDIA-accelerated computing infrastructure across a full range of AI workloads  from model training and fine-tuning to production-scale inference and agentic AI. SWI's NVIDIA-certified competencies span compute  networking and enterprise software. Together  they suggest the company's ambition to operate as a vertically integrated compute provider: deploying the latest NVIDIA GPUs in its own AI factories and running an AI cloud platform on NVIDIA AI Enterprise software."" SWI Group takes another step in its journey to becoming a fully vertically integrated global AI player: first came land  power  shell; now chips  tokens and applications. Our collaboration with NVIDIA will help us establish a strong position in Europe  the US and beyond."" said Max-Hervé George  Founder and CEO of SWI Group.SWI also recently acquired a majority stake in Genesis Digital Assets (now known as SWI Digital)  a 1.3 gigawatts data center company as its main presence in the US. In Europe  SWI has built AiOnX  a 2.3 gigawatt portfolio in Ireland  the UK  Spain  Denmark and Italy  with one site having been leased to a hyperscaler tenant.Investment in other areas of the SWI Group business will continue  with a recent announcement being made that Varia US  managed by SWI  has signed a USD 693.9 million joint venture with Brookfield Asset Management.About SWI Group SWI Group (SWI Capital Holding Ltd) is a global investment group specializing in private markets  listed on Euronext Amsterdam under ticker SWICH. Formed through the merger of Icona and Stoneweg  the Group deploys its own capital across digital infrastructure  real estate and other private-market opportunities  combining an entrepreneurial approach with institutional discipline. For more information  visit www.swi.com .“This is a company press release that is not part of editorial content. No journalist of The Hindubusinessline was involved in the publication of this release.”Published on August 31  2026",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['NVIDIA Cloud Partner', 'SWI', 'NCP', 'USD 693.9 million joint venture', 'NVIDIA Partner Network membership', '1.3 gigawatts data center company', 'SWI Capital Holding Ltd', 'NVIDIA AI Enterprise software', 'Brookfield Asset Management', 'NVIDIA reference architectures', 'latest NVIDIA GPUs', 'global AI player', 'NVIDIA Cloud Partner', 'other private-market opportunities', 'NVIDIA-accelerated computing infrastructure', 'Genesis Digital Assets', 'integrated compute provider', 'company press release', 'AI cloud platform', 'SWI Group access', 'SWI Group business', 'global investment group', 'AI infrastructure', 'Preferred Partner', 'NVIDIA partners', 'new NVIDIA', 'digital infrastructure', 'AI workloads', 'agentic AI', 'AI factories', 'other areas', 'SWI Digital', 'select group', 'investment firm', 'NCP) program', 'proven expertise', 'full range', 'model training', 'production-scale inference', 'strong position', 'Max-Hervé George', 'majority stake', 'main presence', '2.3 gigawatt portfolio', 'one site', 'hyperscaler tenant', 'recent announcement', 'private markets', 'real estate', 'entrepreneurial approach', 'institutional discipline', 'editorial content', 'The Hindubusinessline', 'NVIDIA-certified competencies', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Varia US', 'power capacity', '3.6 gigawatts', 'PRNewswire', 'SWICH', 'Europe', 'configurations', 'deployment', 'fine-tuning', 'networking', 'ambition', 'step', 'journey', 'land', 'shell', 'chips', 'tokens', 'applications', 'collaboration', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'AiOnX', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'ticker', 'merger', 'Icona', 'Stoneweg', 'information', 'journalist', 'publication', 'August']",2026-08-31,2026-09-01,thehindubusinessline.com
57342,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ucb-comes-to-agreement-with-us-government-to-lower-the-cost-of-medicine-and-strengthen-us-manufacturing-302865331.html,UCB Comes to Agreement with U.S. Government to Lower the Cost of Medicine and Strengthen U.S. Manufacturing,Ensuring patients have access to the medicines they need through long-term commitment to patients and scientific innovation Building on long-standing U.S. presence  expanded investments in research  manufacturing infrastructure  and highly skilled jobs will s…,"Ensuring patients have access to the medicines they need through long-term commitment to patients and scientific innovationBuilding on long-standing U.S. presence  expanded investments in research  manufacturing infrastructure  and highly skilled jobs will strengthen economic growthFor nearly a century  UCB's investment in differentiated science has fueled a robust pipeline of innovation  advancing the breakthroughs of tomorrowBRUSSELS and ATLANTA  Aug. 31  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company focused on improving the lives of people living with severe diseases  today announced that they've come to an agreement with the U.S. government that will continue to support patient access to important medicines while enabling significant investment in the research  development  and manufacturing of medicines for people living with severe neurological and immunological diseases.""At UCB  we are guided by a clear purpose: to create value for patients now and into the future "" said UCB's CEO Jean-Christophe Tellier: ""Working with the U.S. Government reflects our commitment to support access to medicines for people who need them  while continuing to advance the science and innovation that can make a meaningful difference for people living with severe diseases. These priorities  and our contribution to the United States through research  manufacturing  and highly skilled jobs  are essential to our long-term commitment to patients.""UCB will:Take a more balanced pricing approach for future medicine launches across developed nationsParticipate in the Government's GENEROUS programContinue its onshore manufacturing investment to serve patients with medicines made in the United StatesEarlier this year  UCB committed to expanding its U.S. manufacturing footprint  anchored by a new biologics manufacturing facility in Georgia — the largest manufacturing investment in the company's history. The facility is expected to generate approximately $5 billion in U.S. economic impact and create approximately 330+ permanent  highly skilled jobs  helping to strengthen domestic biopharmaceutical manufacturing and supply chain resilience of recently approved and future pipeline medicines in immunology and rare disease.The agreement supports UCB's ability to execute our strategy and continue delivering innovative medicines to patients in the U.S. and around the world. As a result  UCB will not be subject to Section 232 Pharmaceutical tariffs on all current products or future pricing mandates. Specific terms remain confidential.Separately  UCB will donate Keppra® (levetiracetam)  which is recognized by the FDA as an Essential Medicine  active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) and tablets to the Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response's (ASPR) National Stockpile. This donation will help strengthen the resilience of the U.S. essential medicines supply chain  support national preparedness efforts  and help safeguard access to a critical treatment for patients when it is needed most.About UCB in the U.S.UCB has maintained a significant U.S. presence for decades  including its U.S. headquarters and eight offices across six communities in California  Georgia  Massachusetts  North Carolina  Washington  and Washington  D.C. With nearly 2 000 U.S. employees focused on research  development  and commercial operations across the country  UCB is adding a U.S. biomanufacturing campus in Georgia  which will create 330+ new  highly skilled jobs. UCB has increased its U.S. workforce by more than 70% since 2017  with over 25% of U.S. employees dedicated to R&D. Over the last decade  UCB has made significant investments in U.S. companies through acquisitions and partnerships and has achieved 15 FDA approvals  advancing innovation  supporting high-quality jobs  and delivering meaningful progress for patients.About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With more than 9 000 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 7.7 billion in 2025. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB).For further information  contact UCB:Investor RelationsYvonne NaughtonT +44-750-057 0135email [email protected]Sahar YazdianT +32.2.559.91.37email [email protected]Corporate CommunicationsLaurent SchotsT +32.2.559.92.64Email [email protected]U.S. CommunicationsErica PuntelT 404.938.5359Email [email protected]Forward looking statementsThis document contains forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""potential""  ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guaranteeing future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to be materially different from any future results  performance  or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this document.Important factors that could result in such differences include but are not limited to: global spread and impacts of wars  pandemics and terrorism  the general geopolitical environment  climate change  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues  supply chain disruption and business continuity risks; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of UCB's information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars or disruptive technologies/business models  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in laws and/or rules pertaining to tax and duties or the administration of such laws and/or rules  and hiring  retention and compliance of employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  the public is cautioned not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document  and do not reflect any potential impacts from the evolving event or risk as mentioned above as well as any other adversity  unless indicated otherwise. The company continues to follow the development diligently to assess the financial significance of these events  as the case may be  to UCB.UCB expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this document  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.SOURCE UCB",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['U.S. Government', 'U.S. Manufacturing', 'UCB', 'Agreement', 'Cost', 'Medicine', 'Essential Medicine, active pharmaceutical ingredient', 'U.S. essential medicines supply chain', '330+ permanent, highly skilled jobs', '330+ new, highly skilled jobs', 'long-standing U.S. presence', 'U.S. biomanufacturing campus', 'U.S. economic impact', 'new biologics manufacturing facility', 'significant U.S. presence', 'U.S. manufacturing footprint', 'supply chain resilience', 'Section 232 Pharmaceutical tariffs', 'U.S. headquarters', '2,000 U.S. employees', 'U.S. workforce', 'U.S. companies', 'future medicine launches', 'U.S. Communications', 'U.S. government', 'CEO Jean-Christophe Tellier', 'balanced pricing approach', 'domestic biopharmaceutical manufacturing', 'future pricing mandates', 'central nervous system', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'national preparedness efforts', 'onshore manufacturing investment', 'largest manufacturing investment', 'Forward looking statements', 'future pipeline medicines', 'high-quality jobs', 'economic growth', 'significant investment', 'manufacturing infrastructure', 'robust pipeline', 'Strategic Preparedness', 'National Stockpile', 'immune system', 'Corporate Communications', 'important medicines', 'innovative medicines', 'a century', 'severe diseases', 'severe neurological', 'immunological diseases', 'clear purpose', 'meaningful difference', 'United States', 'developed nations', 'GENEROUS program', 'rare disease', 'current products', 'Specific terms', 'critical treatment', 'eight offices', 'six communities', 'North Carolina', 'D.C.', 'commercial operations', 'R&D.', 'last decade', 'meaningful progress', 'Investor Relations', 'Yvonne Naughton', 'Sahar Yazdian', 'Laurent Schots', 'Erica Puntel', 'similar expressions', 'long-term commitment', 'forward-looking statements', 'differentiated science', '15 FDA approvals', 'current plans', 'Euronext Brussels', 'scientific innovation', 'patient access', 'investments', 'patients', 'research', 'UCB', 'breakthroughs', 'tomorrow', 'ATLANTA', 'PRNewswire', 'lives', 'people', 'agreement', 'development', 'value', 'priorities', 'contribution', 'Georgia', 'history', 'immunology', 'ability', 'strategy', 'world', 'result', 'Keppra®', 'levetiracetam', 'API', 'tablets', 'Administration', 'Response', 'donation', 'decades', 'California', 'Massachusetts', 'Washington', 'country', 'acquisitions', 'partnerships', 'Belgium', 'discovery', 'solutions', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'symbol', 'information', 'email', 'document', 'limitation', 'words', 'potential', 'believes', 'expects', 'seeks', 'estimates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'historical']",2026-08-31,2026-09-01,prnewswire.com
57343,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/08/31/new-autumn-polls-and-the-tif-pre-election-package-an-interesting-article-on-the-samaras-party-and-a-quiz-spot-the-differences-between-ministers/,New autumn polls and the TIF pre-election package  an interesting article on the Samaras party and a quiz — spot the differences between ministers,///The post New autumn polls and the TIF pre-election package  an interesting article on the Samaras party and a quiz — spot the differences between ministers appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom August 31 08:43Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleGreetings  happy new month from tomorrow and happy autumn  we hope you have all returned  or are returning  safely  with summer-like heat still around and still in a relaxed mood. In politics  as you know  we are now on the final stretch to the Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF)  and it looks like everything is ready  with Mitsotakis in his office until Saturday afternoon putting the finishing touches to his speech  before leaving for Chania for a few hours of relaxation  and as of this morning he is back at the Prime Minister’s Mansion. Now  whether he will add one or two surprises to the measures will be seen… by the applause  but in any case  have no doubt that this will be the most impressive TIF package of benefits of the four-year term  because  as is well known  elections are coming  and naturally they will be the toughest ones of all. Since we mentioned the ballot box  let me inform you that the MM pre-TIF poll is being finalized and its findings are good  better than they were at the corresponding point last year. There is no change in the overall picture  New Democracy is holding steady at 30% in the vote estimate  Tsipras is close to 18%  our Nikos at 11.5%… what goes up with the sun comes down with the sun  and President Maria is steadily heading downhill. If Mitsotakis manages to maintain these numbers over the next seven months  then he may well do slightly better at the ballot box  meaning that one way or another (a coalition government  a second election or both together) he will manage a third term. The prediction  although it is still very early  is shared by the majority of his friends and enemies  politicians and businesspeople.Pierr’s all-nighter before TIF-While the days leading up to TIF have traditionally been associated with late nights at the Ministry of Finance  Kyriakos Pierrakakis’s late-night stay on Nikis Street tonight will be for other — and indeed international — reasons. You see  on the sidelines of the G20 summit taking place these days in Asheville  North Carolina  an emergency G7 meeting will be held by videoconference — in which “our own” Pierrakakis is taking part as president of the Eurogroup. So  at around 11:30 p.m.  the Greek finance minister will take a break from the TIF project to connect with the United States for approximately two hours. So  if you happen to pass through Syntagma Square around midnight tonight and see the lights on at the Ministry of Finance  then… it’s not what you think.The dinner for the MPs-Since I’m on the subject of TIF  this week Pierr  together with Deputy Ministers Petrallia and Markopoulos  has several meetings with social stakeholders. Also  on Friday evening  together with Nikos Papathanasis  he will host the now-established annual dinner for New Democracy MPs from northern Greece  for some political mingling and relaxation. Last year the gathering was held at “Zythos-Dore ” opposite the White Tower; this year I think they’ll end up having soutzoukakia.Criticism of PASOK-Since I’m on the subject of TIF  keep in mind that the PM’s office will continue its criticism of PASOK  with an eye on centrist voters who may be receptive to Mitsotakis’s political message and proposals. This became apparent in the case of Akrita  so Mitsotakis took over from spokesman Marinakis and went after Nikos A. over the fact that he votes for Akrita but did not vote for Stournaras  while the responses on the issue of private debt will also continue. A few days ago  after all  I wrote to you that there had been a survey before August which recorded 60% public approval of the government’s interventions on private debt.The match begins-Slowly but surely  the government’s match with Samaras will also begin  with him preparing to launch his party but in no hurry. The MM followed the appearance yesterday on SKAI by Samaras’s spokesman and close associate  Nikos Tsoutsias  and they believe that he did not adequately answer questions about the discussions Samaras held — quite rightly — with Erdogan when he was prime minister  while at the same time he is now accusing the government over the dialogue and the famous “calm waters.” Also  given that Samaras’s side is talking about faits accomplis at Greece’s expense  referring to the Turkish-Libyan memorandum  which no one in the world apart from Turkey and part of Libya recognizes  the MM believes that a little seriousness is also needed when criticizing the government on national issues.A wildcard party?-As for Samaras’s party  there are nevertheless various questions. First  what kind of party will it be? Will it be a party of opposition simply because Samaras wants to prevent Mitsotakis from remaining prime minister? Could it perhaps be a potential coalition partner? In this context  an article written by former deputy minister and close Samaras associate Thanasis Skordas in the local newspaper of the Municipality of Amarousion  Amarysia  is particularly interesting  as it also hints at Samaras’s run in the western sector of the B’ Athens constituency. “If  then  the next electoral choice does not lead to a single-party government  as seems likely  we will need to answer the simple question: who can be a reliable coalition partner?” Skordas asks  and continues: “If the forces of today’s center-left cannot or do not want to play this role  will we then seek  after the fact  to form a government through a disparate combination of forces  with different views on the economy  institutions  the country’s geopolitical orientation and our national issues? This is not serious planning for governing the country. A government needs more than a parliamentary majority. It needs a common direction  political affinity  clear positions and the ability to make difficult decisions without being undermined from day one.” Interesting  then  unless Skordas is improvising  which does not seem at all unlikely to me.Samaras government vs. Mitsotakis government — spot the differences!-Since we are talking about Samaras  I want to close with a comment. Yesterday his spokesman (journalist Tsoutsias) came out and described the current government as “one from Simitis with a little LAOS.” Really  does anyone remember the Samaras governments with plenty of PASOK and even more Mitsotakis? So let me remind you — not of the PASOK figures whose participation was compulsory because of the coalition government  such as Venizelos  Chrysochoidis  Konstantinopoulos  Christofilopoulou  and several others  but of Antonis Samaras’s New Democracy ministers: Adonis Georgiadis  Makis Voridis  Kostis Hatzidakis  Nikos Dendias  Notis Mitarakis  Vassilis Kikilias  Olga Kefalogianni  Kostas Tasoulas  Stavros Papastavrou  Sofia Voultepsi  Miltiadis Varvitsiotis  Giannis Andrianos and  of course  Kyriakos Mitsotakis. So  who… is missing today from Antonaros’s then “pure New Democracy” lineup? Argyris Dinopoulos  Makis Giakoumatos  Panos Panagiotopoulos  Babis Athanasiou. Remember that the more they talk  the more they will expose themselves…1 700 products with price cuts-Yesterday  after several rounds of negotiations  the final list of product codes under the national agreement on price reductions  which Takis Theodorikakos is overseeing for the government  was finalized. The final number of products included exceeded expectations  as the final list contains 1 700 product codes  namely branded products  private-label products  as well as 400 school supplies. The announcements will be made by the minister this morning  while I’m told that the average reduction is by no means insignificant  with the final figure settling at -9%.Tsipras mobilizes-During the TIF period  our president Alexis will open proceedings in the coming days  presenting his economic programme on Wednesday at the Porto Palace Hotel in Thessaloniki. Yesterday  his party announced a series of organizational officials across Greece  including quite a few unfamiliar faces but also some former SYRIZA MPs and party figures  while there is considerable mobilization to ensure that the hotel’s hall is packed on Wednesday. According to the plan so far  Tsipras will be the only one speaking that day and will present his proposals  which will also be fleshed out at the press conference he will give on the 9th  moderated by spokesperson Theoni Koufonikolakou  who remains firmly in place despite the various rumors and reports.Star Bulk dual listing on September 9  10 and 11-And now to the market news  starting with the more pleasant ones  because suddenly a heavy cloud has begun hanging over the major economies. So  the next listing on the Stock Exchange is that of Petros Pappas’s Star Bulk. It will be a dual listing  with €100 million worth of shares to be offered. The process is scheduled for September 9  10 and 11  and National Bank and AXIA are handling the deal. The shipping company needs little introduction: it is listed on Nasdaq  has total assets of $3.85 billion and shareholders’ equity of $2.51 billion. It has 138 vessels with a total capacity of 13.8 million Dwt and has a good track record when it comes to dividend distributions.Measures for servicers after TIF-I’m returning to the issue of servicers because the latest information is that the Finance Ministry’s intentions have not changed and measures will be taken  although the ministry will deal with the issue after the Thessaloniki fair. This is a complex and highly technical measure that must not affect the state guarantees on securitizations. So it has been put in line for after TIF  when the Finance Ministry will examine the options with the Bank of Greece  which supervises the servicers and has the necessary expertise.Changes at Intrum Hellas-The restructuring currently underway at Intrum Hellas appears set to extend to the upper levels of management as well  and of course we are not referring to the company’s CEO. The changes will not take long to be announced and will probably not come as a bolt from the blue to those who know the people and the ins and outs. After all  the group itself had already given some indication of this in its annual board report. “In 2026  Intrum Hellas REO Solutions will continue its growth strategy… As part of the need to successfully respond to the challenges of the Greek real estate market  the Company is proceeding with improvements to its operating model  with changes both in Management and in its processes.” And now that the holiday period is over  the time has come.Piraeus Bank: Saves €15 million a year in interest-The €500 million subordinated bond priced by Piraeus Bank at a 4% coupon last Thursday will lead the bank to annual interest savings of €15 million.CrediaBank enters leasing-Last Friday  August 28  CrediaBank proceeded with the establishment of a financial leasing arm. The new company is called Credia Leasing Χρηματοδοτικών Μισθώσεων M.A.E. and is headquartered in Chalandri  on Kifisias Avenue  where CrediaBank’s headquarters are located. The company’s main purpose is to provide advisory services in the areas of financial leasing under Law 1665/1986  as amended  operating leasing and all types of leasing to individuals and businesses  as well as legal entities of any kind and purpose  in Greece and abroad. Secondary activities also include capital management advisory services (capital structure and investments) and working-capital (liquidity) advisory services  as well as the provision of financial advice. The initial share capital amounts to €9 million and is fully subscribed by the sole founder-shareholder  CrediaBank. The first Board of Directors of Credia Leasing consists of Konstantinos Christodoulou (Chairman)  Ioannis Christopoulos (CEO)  and Evangelos Rizos  Dimitra Vourna  Maria Stathaki and Theodoros Karakasis as members. Its term is four years.Credit expansion accelerates in the EU-According to ECB data  the rate of growth in lending to businesses and households in the eurozone accelerated in July. Financing to non-financial corporations increased by 4.4% year-on-year  compared with 4.0% in June  while loans to households rose by 3.1%  up from 3.0% the previous month. July was the first full month following the ECB’s first interest-rate increase in nearly three years. The data point to stronger demand for credit following a prolonged period of subdued economic activity and are a positive sign for eurozone banks  which are also benefiting from the broader recovery in profitability and improved activity in capital markets. The acceleration in credit expansion reinforces the view that the improvement in economic activity will increasingly be reflected in the results of European banks. The European banking sector is trading at 11 times estimated 2027 earnings and with a dividend yield of close to 5%  with additional support from share buybacks. European banks remain a capable way of gaining exposure to the broadening earnings cycle of the European economy. And  of course  this reading also has positive knock-on benefits for the domestic banking system.Euronext conference with 16 Greek participants-On September 2 and 3  the Euronext Investment Conference on Infrastructure  Energy and Defence will be held in Milan. Of the 40 companies taking part  there is also strong Greek representation  with ADMIE  Athens International Airport  Avax  Piraeus Port Authority  PPC  Theon International  TITAN  Aegean Airlines  Cenergy Holdings  Elvalhalcor  GEK TERNA  Helleniq Energy Holdings  Lamda Development  Metlen Energy & Metals  Motor Oil and Safe Bulkers having registered to participate.,neutral,0.2,0.8,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.26,0.46,True,English,"['New autumn polls', 'TIF pre-election package', 'interesting article', 'Samaras party', 'quiz', 'differences', 'ministers', 'next seven months', 'emergency G7 meeting', 'Deputy Ministers Petrallia', 'famous “calm waters', 'Thessaloniki International Fair', 'potential coalition partner', 'former deputy minister', 'happy new month', 'MM pre-TIF poll', 'impressive TIF package', 'New Democracy MPs', 'Greek finance minister', 'close Samaras associate', 'close associate', 'happy autumn', 'international — reasons', 'Prime Minister', 'Protothema.gr', 'relaxed mood', 'final stretch', 'Saturday afternoon', 'finishing touches', 'two surprises', 'four-year term', 'ballot box', 'corresponding point', 'overall picture', 'vote estimate', 'second election', 'third term', 'late nights', 'late-night stay', 'Nikis Street', 'G20 summit', 'North Carolina', 'United States', 'Syntagma Square', 'several meetings', 'social stakeholders', 'Friday evening', 'political mingling', 'White Tower', 'centrist voters', 'political message', 'private debt', '60% public approval', 'The MM', 'same time', 'Turkish-Libyan memorandum', 'little seriousness', 'national issues', 'Thanasis Skordas', 'local newspaper', 'Nikos Papathanasis', 'Nikos A.', 'Nikos Tsoutsias', 'coalition government', 'President Maria', 'Kyriakos Pierrakakis', 'two hours', 'annual dinner', 'northern Greece', 'spokesman Marinakis', 'various questions', 'TIF project', 'wildcard party', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'Greetings', 'tomorrow', 'heat', 'politics', 'everything', 'Mitsotakis', 'office', 'speech', 'Chania', 'relaxation', 'morning', 'Mansion', 'one', 'measures', 'applause', 'case', 'doubt', 'benefits', 'elections', 'findings', 'change', 'Tsipras', 'sun', 'numbers', 'prediction', 'majority', 'friends', 'enemies', 'politicians', 'businesspeople', 'days', 'Ministry', 'other', 'sidelines', 'place', 'Asheville', 'videoconference', 'Eurogroup', 'break', 'midnight', 'lights', 'subject', 'Markopoulos', 'gathering', 'Zythos-Dore', 'soutzoukakia', 'Criticism', 'PASOK', 'mind', 'PM', 'eye', 'proposals', 'Akrita', 'fact', 'Stournaras', 'responses', 'survey', 'August', 'interventions', 'match', 'hurry', 'appearance', 'SKAI', 'discussions', 'Erdogan', 'dialogue', 'faits', 'expense', 'world', 'Turkey', 'kind', 'opposition', 'context', 'article', 'Municipality', 'Amarousion', 'Amarysia', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρα μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης', '11:30']",2026-08-31,2026-09-01,en.protothema.gr
