UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
23514,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.cantechletter.com/2023/04/the-ten-largest-stock-exchanges-in-the-world-listed/,The ten largest stock exchanges in the world  listed,United States. The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is the largest stock exchange in the world by market capitalization. It is located in New York Ci,Here are the 10 biggest stock markets in the world by the name of the exchange.New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)  United StatesThe New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is the largest stock exchange in the world by market capitalization. It is located in New York City and was founded in 1792. The NYSE is operated by the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE)  which acquired the exchange in 2013.The NYSE is a physical trading floor where traders and specialists conduct transactions through an auction system. However  the majority of trading on the NYSE now takes place electronically. The exchange lists stocks from a variety of companies  including many well-known blue-chip companies such as Coca-Cola  IBM  and McDonald’s.In addition to stocks  the NYSE also lists other securities  such as bonds  exchange-traded funds (ETFs)  and preferred stocks. The exchange also offers various services  including market data  analytics  and listing services.The NYSE has had a significant impact on the global economy and is considered a symbol of American capitalism. It has survived various crises throughout its history  including the Great Depression  the 9/11 attacks  and the global financial crisis of 2008.NASDAQ  United StatesThe NASDAQ Stock Market  commonly referred to as simply NASDAQ  is an American stock exchange located in New York City. It was founded in 1971 by the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD)  which later became known as FINRA (Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).NASDAQ is known for being the world’s first electronic stock market  and it is home to many high-profile technology companies such as Apple  Microsoft  Amazon  and Facebook. The exchange also lists companies from other sectors  including healthcare  biotechnology  and financial services.NASDAQ operates a fully electronic trading platform  where buyers and sellers trade securities through a computer network. The exchange also offers other services  including market data  index calculation  and listing services.NASDAQ has a significant impact on the global economy  and its performance is often used as an indicator of the health of the technology sector. The exchange has been involved in several high-profile corporate scandals  including the 2001 Enron accounting scandal and the 2012 Facebook IPO controversy. Despite these setbacks  NASDAQ has continued to grow and expand its reach in the financial industry.Tokyo Stock Exchange  JapanThe Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) is the main securities exchange in Japan and is located in Tokyo. It is one of the largest stock exchanges in the world by market capitalization and trading volume.The TSE was established in 1878 as the Tokyo Kabushiki Torihikijo and was the first stock exchange in Japan. The exchange merged with several other regional exchanges over the years and was renamed the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 1949.The TSE operates as a self-regulated organization and is overseen by the Japanese Financial Services Agency. It is divided into three sections: the first section  which lists large companies; the second section  which lists mid-sized companies; and the Mothers section  which lists start-up companies.As of 2021  the TSE had a market capitalization of around $6 trillion  making it one of the largest stock exchanges in the world. The TSE is home to some of Japan’s largest companies  including Toyota  Mitsubishi  and Sony.Shanghai Stock Exchange  ChinaThe Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) is one of the two stock exchanges in China  alongside the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. It is based in Shanghai  the largest city in China  and is a major hub for the trading of Chinese stocks.The SSE was established in 1990 and began trading in 1991. It operates under the supervision of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) and is responsible for trading a variety of securities  including stocks  bonds  funds  and other financial products.The SSE is the world’s fourth-largest stock exchange by market capitalization  with a market capitalization of over $5.5 trillion as of 2021. The exchange is home to some of China’s largest and most well-known companies  including PetroChina  China Mobile  and China Life Insurance.The SSE Composite Index  also known as the Shanghai Composite  is the main stock market index for the SSE. It tracks the performance of all A-shares and B-shares listed on the exchange. The index is heavily weighted toward financial and industrial companies  which make up a significant portion of China’s economy.In recent years  the SSE has undergone a number of reforms aimed at making it more accessible to foreign investors. In 2014  the exchange launched the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect  which allows investors to trade shares listed on both the SSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. This was followed by the launch of the Shanghai-London Stock Connect in 2019  which links the SSE with the London Stock Exchange.Hong Kong Stock Exchange  Hong KongThe Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKEX) is one of the world’s largest stock exchanges in terms of market capitalization. It is based in Hong Kong  a Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China.The HKEX was founded in 1891  making it one of the oldest stock exchanges in Asia. It is a publicly-traded company  with its shares listed on its own exchange. The exchange operates under the regulatory oversight of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission.The HKEX lists a wide range of securities  including stocks  bonds  funds  and derivatives. As of April 2023  the HKEX has over 2 500 listed companies  with a total market capitalization of over HKD 51 trillion (approximately USD 6.5 trillion). The exchange operates through two trading platforms: the Main Board and the Growth Enterprise Market (GEM). The Main Board lists large and established companies  while GEM is designed for smaller and growing companies.The HKEX is an important gateway for international investors looking to access China’s economy. In 2018  the HKEX launched a new listing regime to attract more companies from emerging and innovative sectors  including technology and biotech companies  to list on its exchange. The HKEX also launched a new trading platform in 2019  known as the HKEX Synapse Platform  which is designed to facilitate international capital flows and provide investors with greater access to the exchange’s products and services.Euronext  Netherlands  Belgium  France  PortugalEuronext is a pan-European stock exchange based in Amsterdam  Netherlands. It was formed in 2000 as a merger of the exchanges of Amsterdam  Brussels  and Paris  and later expanded to include the exchanges of Lisbon  Dublin  and Oslo. Euronext is the largest stock exchange in continental Europe by market capitalization and offers trading in a wide range of financial instruments  including equities  derivatives  exchange-traded funds (ETFs)  and fixed-income securities.The exchange operates a hybrid trading model that combines electronic trading with open outcry  which allows traders to enter orders directly into the exchange’s electronic system or execute trades through a broker on the trading floor. Euronext also operates several subsidiaries  including Euronext London  which offers trading in international securities  and Euronext Growth and Euronext Access  which are dedicated to supporting small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and startups.Euronext is known for its diverse range of listings  with more than 1 500 companies listed on the exchange as of 2021  including many large international corporations such as Air France-KLM  Heineken  and TotalEnergies. The exchange has also been a leader in sustainable finance  launching a range of ESG indices and products aimed at promoting responsible investment and sustainable economic growth.Shenzhen Stock Exchange  ChinaThe Shenzhen Stock Exchange is one of the two major stock exchanges in China  the other being the Shanghai Stock Exchange. It is located in the city of Shenzhen and was founded on December 1  1990. The Shenzhen Stock Exchange focuses primarily on small and medium-sized companies  as well as high-tech and growth-oriented enterprises.The Shenzhen Stock Exchange has two main boards: the SME Board and the ChiNext Board. The SME Board is designed for small and medium-sized enterprises that meet certain financial and corporate governance requirements. The ChiNext Board is a market for growth-oriented  high-tech companies.The Shenzhen Stock Exchange has over 2 000 listed companies  with a total market capitalization of over $3 trillion as of 2021. The exchange is known for its focus on technology  with many of its listed companies operating in the high-tech and manufacturing sectors. The exchange also features a number of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and index products  such as the SZSE Component Index and the ChiNext Price Index.London Stock Exchange  United KingdomThe London Stock Exchange (LSE) is one of the oldest and largest stock exchanges in the world. It was established in 1801 and is located in London  United Kingdom. The LSE is owned and operated by London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG)  a leading global financial markets infrastructure provider.The LSE has a diverse range of products  including equities  bonds  ETFs  derivatives  and structured products. It is home to some of the largest and most well-known companies in the world  such as BP  HSBC  and Unilever. The exchange is also known for its Alternative Investment Market (AIM)  which is designed for smaller  growing companies.Trading on the LSE is conducted through a combination of electronic and open outcry methods  and the exchange operates from 8:00 am to 4:30 pm UK time. The LSE also has a strong regulatory framework  with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) overseeing market conduct and the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) regulating financial stability.In addition to its primary exchange in London  the LSE operates a number of other exchanges and trading platforms around the world  including Borsa Italiana in Italy and Turquoise  a pan-European equities multilateral trading facility. The LSE also owns several data and index providers  such as FTSE Russell and Refinitiv.Toronto Stock Exchange  CanadaThe Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) is the largest stock exchange in Canada and one of the largest in the world. It was founded in 1852 as the Toronto Stock Exchange Association  and later merged with the Standard Stock and Mining Exchange in 1934 to become the Toronto Stock Exchange.The TSX lists a variety of securities  including common and preferred shares  exchange-traded funds (ETFs)  trust units  and investment funds. As of April 2023  the TSX has over 1 500 listed companies  with a total market capitalization of over $3 trillion CAD.The TSX is owned and operated by TMX Group  a Canadian financial services company that operates a variety of financial markets  including the TSX Venture Exchange  the Montreal Exchange  and NGX  a natural gas exchange. TMX Group also offers a variety of data and analytics services to help investors make informed decisions.The TSX is known for its strong presence in the mining and energy sectors  with many of the world’s largest mining and energy companies listed on the exchange. However  the TSX also has a diverse range of other industries represented  including technology  healthcare  and finance.The TSX has a reputation for being well-regulated and transparent  with strict listing requirements and regulations to ensure fair trading and protect investors. The exchange is also known for its market-making program  which helps ensure liquidity for listed securities.Deutsche Börse  GermanyDeutsche Börse is a German stock exchange based in Frankfurt  Germany. It was founded in 1993 as a merger between the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the Deutsche Terminbörse  which was a derivatives exchange. Today  Deutsche Börse is one of the largest exchange organizations in the world  operating multiple exchanges and trading platforms across Europe.Deutsche Börse operates the Frankfurt Stock Exchange  which is the largest stock exchange in Germany and one of the largest in Europe. It also operates the Xetra electronic trading platform  which is used for trading stocks  bonds  and other securities. In addition  Deutsche Börse operates the European Energy Exchange  which is the leading energy exchange in Europe  and the Eurex Exchange  which is a derivatives exchange.Deutsche Börse also offers a variety of market data and technology services to its customers  including real-time and historical market data  trading systems  and post-trade services. It is considered to be a leader in financial technology innovation and has developed several new platforms and technologies for trading and clearing securities.Overall  Deutsche Börse is a major player in the global financial markets and plays a significant role in the European financial system.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['ten largest stock exchanges', 'world', 'The Hong Kong Stock Exchange', 'The New York Stock Exchange', 'several high-profile corporate scandals', 'Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect', 'several other regional exchanges', 'Financial Industry Regulatory Authority', 'Japanese Financial Services Agency', 'first electronic stock market', 'main stock market index', 'China Securities Regulatory Commission', 'The Tokyo Stock Exchange', 'The Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'many high-profile technology companies', 'The NASDAQ Stock Market', 'The SSE Composite Index', 'New York City', 'Shanghai-London Stock Connect', 'two stock exchanges', '10 biggest stock markets', 'largest stock exchanges', 'first stock exchange', 'Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', '2001 Enron accounting scandal', 'Tokyo Kabushiki Torihikijo', 'American stock exchange', 'electronic trading platform', 'other financial products', 'main securities exchange', 'global financial crisis', 'physical trading floor', '2012 Facebook IPO controversy', 'China Life Insurance', 'Shanghai Composite', 'largest city', 'technology sector', 'first section', 'other services', 'other securities', 'index calculation', 'other sectors', 'The TSE', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'American capitalism', 'largest companies', 'market data', 'The NYSE', 'various services', 'listing services', 'market capitalization', 'Securities Dealers', 'United States', 'auction system', 'blue-chip companies', 'significant impact', 'global economy', 'various crises', 'Great Depression', '9/11 attacks', 'National Association', 'computer network', 'trading volume', 'self-regulated organization', 'three sections', 'large companies', 'second section', 'mid-sized companies', 'Mothers section', 'start-up companies', 'major hub', 'known companies', 'industrial companies', 'significant portion', 'China Mobile', 'exchange-traded funds', 'recent years', 'foreign investors', 'preferred stocks', 'Chinese stocks', 'world', 'name', 'traders', 'specialists', 'transactions', 'majority', 'place', 'variety', 'Coca-Cola', 'IBM', 'McDonald', 'addition', 'bonds', 'ETFs', 'analytics', 'symbol', 'history', 'FINRA', 'Apple', 'Microsoft', 'Amazon', 'healthcare', 'biotechnology', 'buyers', 'sellers', 'performance', 'indicator', 'setbacks', 'reach', 'Toyota', 'Mitsubishi', 'Sony', 'supervision', 'CSRC', 'PetroChina', 'A-shares', 'B-shares', 'number', 'reforms', 'launch', 'HKEX', 'terms']",2023-04-23,2023-04-23,cantechletter.com
23515,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.cantechletter.com/2023/04/the-ten-largest-stock-exchanges-in-the-world-listed/,The ten largest stock exchanges in the world  listed,United States. The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is the largest stock exchange in the world by market capitalization. It is located in New York Ci,Here are the 10 biggest stock markets in the world by the name of the exchange.New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)  United StatesThe New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is the largest stock exchange in the world by market capitalization. It is located in New York City and was founded in 1792. The NYSE is operated by the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE)  which acquired the exchange in 2013.The NYSE is a physical trading floor where traders and specialists conduct transactions through an auction system. However  the majority of trading on the NYSE now takes place electronically. The exchange lists stocks from a variety of companies  including many well-known blue-chip companies such as Coca-Cola  IBM  and McDonald’s.In addition to stocks  the NYSE also lists other securities  such as bonds  exchange-traded funds (ETFs)  and preferred stocks. The exchange also offers various services  including market data  analytics  and listing services.The NYSE has had a significant impact on the global economy and is considered a symbol of American capitalism. It has survived various crises throughout its history  including the Great Depression  the 9/11 attacks  and the global financial crisis of 2008.NASDAQ  United StatesThe NASDAQ Stock Market  commonly referred to as simply NASDAQ  is an American stock exchange located in New York City. It was founded in 1971 by the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD)  which later became known as FINRA (Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).NASDAQ is known for being the world’s first electronic stock market  and it is home to many high-profile technology companies such as Apple  Microsoft  Amazon  and Facebook. The exchange also lists companies from other sectors  including healthcare  biotechnology  and financial services.NASDAQ operates a fully electronic trading platform  where buyers and sellers trade securities through a computer network. The exchange also offers other services  including market data  index calculation  and listing services.NASDAQ has a significant impact on the global economy  and its performance is often used as an indicator of the health of the technology sector. The exchange has been involved in several high-profile corporate scandals  including the 2001 Enron accounting scandal and the 2012 Facebook IPO controversy. Despite these setbacks  NASDAQ has continued to grow and expand its reach in the financial industry.Tokyo Stock Exchange  JapanThe Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) is the main securities exchange in Japan and is located in Tokyo. It is one of the largest stock exchanges in the world by market capitalization and trading volume.The TSE was established in 1878 as the Tokyo Kabushiki Torihikijo and was the first stock exchange in Japan. The exchange merged with several other regional exchanges over the years and was renamed the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 1949.The TSE operates as a self-regulated organization and is overseen by the Japanese Financial Services Agency. It is divided into three sections: the first section  which lists large companies; the second section  which lists mid-sized companies; and the Mothers section  which lists start-up companies.As of 2021  the TSE had a market capitalization of around $6 trillion  making it one of the largest stock exchanges in the world. The TSE is home to some of Japan’s largest companies  including Toyota  Mitsubishi  and Sony.Shanghai Stock Exchange  ChinaThe Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) is one of the two stock exchanges in China  alongside the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. It is based in Shanghai  the largest city in China  and is a major hub for the trading of Chinese stocks.The SSE was established in 1990 and began trading in 1991. It operates under the supervision of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) and is responsible for trading a variety of securities  including stocks  bonds  funds  and other financial products.The SSE is the world’s fourth-largest stock exchange by market capitalization  with a market capitalization of over $5.5 trillion as of 2021. The exchange is home to some of China’s largest and most well-known companies  including PetroChina  China Mobile  and China Life Insurance.The SSE Composite Index  also known as the Shanghai Composite  is the main stock market index for the SSE. It tracks the performance of all A-shares and B-shares listed on the exchange. The index is heavily weighted toward financial and industrial companies  which make up a significant portion of China’s economy.In recent years  the SSE has undergone a number of reforms aimed at making it more accessible to foreign investors. In 2014  the exchange launched the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect  which allows investors to trade shares listed on both the SSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. This was followed by the launch of the Shanghai-London Stock Connect in 2019  which links the SSE with the London Stock Exchange.Hong Kong Stock Exchange  Hong KongThe Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKEX) is one of the world’s largest stock exchanges in terms of market capitalization. It is based in Hong Kong  a Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China.The HKEX was founded in 1891  making it one of the oldest stock exchanges in Asia. It is a publicly-traded company  with its shares listed on its own exchange. The exchange operates under the regulatory oversight of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission.The HKEX lists a wide range of securities  including stocks  bonds  funds  and derivatives. As of April 2023  the HKEX has over 2 500 listed companies  with a total market capitalization of over HKD 51 trillion (approximately USD 6.5 trillion). The exchange operates through two trading platforms: the Main Board and the Growth Enterprise Market (GEM). The Main Board lists large and established companies  while GEM is designed for smaller and growing companies.The HKEX is an important gateway for international investors looking to access China’s economy. In 2018  the HKEX launched a new listing regime to attract more companies from emerging and innovative sectors  including technology and biotech companies  to list on its exchange. The HKEX also launched a new trading platform in 2019  known as the HKEX Synapse Platform  which is designed to facilitate international capital flows and provide investors with greater access to the exchange’s products and services.Euronext  Netherlands  Belgium  France  PortugalEuronext is a pan-European stock exchange based in Amsterdam  Netherlands. It was formed in 2000 as a merger of the exchanges of Amsterdam  Brussels  and Paris  and later expanded to include the exchanges of Lisbon  Dublin  and Oslo. Euronext is the largest stock exchange in continental Europe by market capitalization and offers trading in a wide range of financial instruments  including equities  derivatives  exchange-traded funds (ETFs)  and fixed-income securities.The exchange operates a hybrid trading model that combines electronic trading with open outcry  which allows traders to enter orders directly into the exchange’s electronic system or execute trades through a broker on the trading floor. Euronext also operates several subsidiaries  including Euronext London  which offers trading in international securities  and Euronext Growth and Euronext Access  which are dedicated to supporting small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and startups.Euronext is known for its diverse range of listings  with more than 1 500 companies listed on the exchange as of 2021  including many large international corporations such as Air France-KLM  Heineken  and TotalEnergies. The exchange has also been a leader in sustainable finance  launching a range of ESG indices and products aimed at promoting responsible investment and sustainable economic growth.Shenzhen Stock Exchange  ChinaThe Shenzhen Stock Exchange is one of the two major stock exchanges in China  the other being the Shanghai Stock Exchange. It is located in the city of Shenzhen and was founded on December 1  1990. The Shenzhen Stock Exchange focuses primarily on small and medium-sized companies  as well as high-tech and growth-oriented enterprises.The Shenzhen Stock Exchange has two main boards: the SME Board and the ChiNext Board. The SME Board is designed for small and medium-sized enterprises that meet certain financial and corporate governance requirements. The ChiNext Board is a market for growth-oriented  high-tech companies.The Shenzhen Stock Exchange has over 2 000 listed companies  with a total market capitalization of over $3 trillion as of 2021. The exchange is known for its focus on technology  with many of its listed companies operating in the high-tech and manufacturing sectors. The exchange also features a number of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and index products  such as the SZSE Component Index and the ChiNext Price Index.London Stock Exchange  United KingdomThe London Stock Exchange (LSE) is one of the oldest and largest stock exchanges in the world. It was established in 1801 and is located in London  United Kingdom. The LSE is owned and operated by London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG)  a leading global financial markets infrastructure provider.The LSE has a diverse range of products  including equities  bonds  ETFs  derivatives  and structured products. It is home to some of the largest and most well-known companies in the world  such as BP  HSBC  and Unilever. The exchange is also known for its Alternative Investment Market (AIM)  which is designed for smaller  growing companies.Trading on the LSE is conducted through a combination of electronic and open outcry methods  and the exchange operates from 8:00 am to 4:30 pm UK time. The LSE also has a strong regulatory framework  with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) overseeing market conduct and the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) regulating financial stability.In addition to its primary exchange in London  the LSE operates a number of other exchanges and trading platforms around the world  including Borsa Italiana in Italy and Turquoise  a pan-European equities multilateral trading facility. The LSE also owns several data and index providers  such as FTSE Russell and Refinitiv.Toronto Stock Exchange  CanadaThe Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) is the largest stock exchange in Canada and one of the largest in the world. It was founded in 1852 as the Toronto Stock Exchange Association  and later merged with the Standard Stock and Mining Exchange in 1934 to become the Toronto Stock Exchange.The TSX lists a variety of securities  including common and preferred shares  exchange-traded funds (ETFs)  trust units  and investment funds. As of April 2023  the TSX has over 1 500 listed companies  with a total market capitalization of over $3 trillion CAD.The TSX is owned and operated by TMX Group  a Canadian financial services company that operates a variety of financial markets  including the TSX Venture Exchange  the Montreal Exchange  and NGX  a natural gas exchange. TMX Group also offers a variety of data and analytics services to help investors make informed decisions.The TSX is known for its strong presence in the mining and energy sectors  with many of the world’s largest mining and energy companies listed on the exchange. However  the TSX also has a diverse range of other industries represented  including technology  healthcare  and finance.The TSX has a reputation for being well-regulated and transparent  with strict listing requirements and regulations to ensure fair trading and protect investors. The exchange is also known for its market-making program  which helps ensure liquidity for listed securities.Deutsche Börse  GermanyDeutsche Börse is a German stock exchange based in Frankfurt  Germany. It was founded in 1993 as a merger between the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the Deutsche Terminbörse  which was a derivatives exchange. Today  Deutsche Börse is one of the largest exchange organizations in the world  operating multiple exchanges and trading platforms across Europe.Deutsche Börse operates the Frankfurt Stock Exchange  which is the largest stock exchange in Germany and one of the largest in Europe. It also operates the Xetra electronic trading platform  which is used for trading stocks  bonds  and other securities. In addition  Deutsche Börse operates the European Energy Exchange  which is the leading energy exchange in Europe  and the Eurex Exchange  which is a derivatives exchange.Deutsche Börse also offers a variety of market data and technology services to its customers  including real-time and historical market data  trading systems  and post-trade services. It is considered to be a leader in financial technology innovation and has developed several new platforms and technologies for trading and clearing securities.Overall  Deutsche Börse is a major player in the global financial markets and plays a significant role in the European financial system.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['ten largest stock exchanges', 'world', 'The Hong Kong Stock Exchange', 'The New York Stock Exchange', 'several high-profile corporate scandals', 'Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect', 'several other regional exchanges', 'Financial Industry Regulatory Authority', 'Japanese Financial Services Agency', 'first electronic stock market', 'main stock market index', 'China Securities Regulatory Commission', 'The Tokyo Stock Exchange', 'The Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'many high-profile technology companies', 'The NASDAQ Stock Market', 'The SSE Composite Index', 'New York City', 'Shanghai-London Stock Connect', 'two stock exchanges', '10 biggest stock markets', 'largest stock exchanges', 'first stock exchange', 'Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', '2001 Enron accounting scandal', 'Tokyo Kabushiki Torihikijo', 'American stock exchange', 'electronic trading platform', 'other financial products', 'main securities exchange', 'global financial crisis', 'physical trading floor', '2012 Facebook IPO controversy', 'China Life Insurance', 'Shanghai Composite', 'largest city', 'technology sector', 'first section', 'other services', 'other securities', 'index calculation', 'other sectors', 'The TSE', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'American capitalism', 'largest companies', 'market data', 'The NYSE', 'various services', 'listing services', 'market capitalization', 'Securities Dealers', 'United States', 'auction system', 'blue-chip companies', 'significant impact', 'global economy', 'various crises', 'Great Depression', '9/11 attacks', 'National Association', 'computer network', 'trading volume', 'self-regulated organization', 'three sections', 'large companies', 'second section', 'mid-sized companies', 'Mothers section', 'start-up companies', 'major hub', 'known companies', 'industrial companies', 'significant portion', 'China Mobile', 'exchange-traded funds', 'recent years', 'foreign investors', 'preferred stocks', 'Chinese stocks', 'world', 'name', 'traders', 'specialists', 'transactions', 'majority', 'place', 'variety', 'Coca-Cola', 'IBM', 'McDonald', 'addition', 'bonds', 'ETFs', 'analytics', 'symbol', 'history', 'FINRA', 'Apple', 'Microsoft', 'Amazon', 'healthcare', 'biotechnology', 'buyers', 'sellers', 'performance', 'indicator', 'setbacks', 'reach', 'Toyota', 'Mitsubishi', 'Sony', 'supervision', 'CSRC', 'PetroChina', 'A-shares', 'B-shares', 'number', 'reforms', 'launch', 'HKEX', 'terms']",2023-04-23,2023-04-23,cantechletter.com
