UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
36915,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.arvopaperi.fi/porssitiedotteet/noho-partners-oyj-the-new-shares-of-noho-partners-plc-have-been-registered-into-the-trade-register-and-the-book-entry-system-of-euroclear-finland-oy/7afbc242-4381-5d06-8805-583045c51df4,NoHo Partners Oyj: The new shares of NoHo Partners Plc have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy,The new shares of NoHo Partners Plc have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy The Board of Directors of NoHo Partners Plc has on 28 February 2024 resolved on a directed share issue without payment to the ...,The new shares of NoHo Partners Plc have been registered into the Trade Register and the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy The Board of Directors of NoHo Partners Plc has on 28 February 2024 resolved on a directed share issue without payment to the ...,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,True,English,"['NoHo Partners Oyj', 'NoHo Partners Plc', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'new shares', 'Trade Register', 'book-entry system', 'NoHo Partners Plc', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'new shares', 'Trade Register', 'book-entry system', 'share issue', 'Board', 'Directors', '28 February', 'payment']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,arvopaperi.fi
36916,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-2024-090000095.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024,Notice is given to the shareholders of AB Industrivärden (publ)  reg. no. 556043-4200  of the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of shareholders to be held at 2 p.m. CEST on Thursday  April 11  2024  at Grand Hôtel ,"Industrivärden  ABNotice is given to the shareholders of AB Industrivärden (publ)  reg. no. 556043-4200  of the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of shareholders to be held at 2 p.m. CEST on Thursday  April 11  2024  at Grand Hôtel  Vinterträdgården (entrance at the corner of Stallgatan/Blasieholmsgatan)  in Stockholm  Sweden. Registration opens at 1 p.m. CEST.Shareholders will also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights in advance of the AGM by so-called postal voting.Right to attend and notificationShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM must be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (“Euroclear”) concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  April 3  2024.In addition  shareholders must give notice of their participation in the AGM:A. Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM at the meeting venue   in person or by proxy  must give notice of their participation to the company no later than on Friday  April 5  2024  via Euroclear’s website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 86 on weekdays between 9.00 a.m. and 4 p.m. CET/CEST  or by post to AB Industrivärden (publ)  ""AGM 2024""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  and  if applicable  the number of attending assistants (no more than two)  should be stated.B. Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by postal voting must give notice of their participation by casting their postal votes in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below so that the postal votes are received by Euroclear no later than Friday  April 5  2024.In order to be entitled to participate in the AGM (in person  by proxy or by postal voting)  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the AGM  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Wednesday  April 3  2024. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s routines at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Friday  April 5  2024 will be taken into account when preparing the share register.Story continuesShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice of their participation in accordance with the instructions under A) above. This means that notification of participation by postal vote only is not sufficient for those who wish to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy.Postal votingA special form must be used for postal voting. The form is available on Industrivärden’s website www.industrivarden.net. In the case of postal voting only  no separate notification is required for the AGM. In order to be considered  the completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear no later than Friday  April 5  2024. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to AB Industrivärden  ""AGM 2024""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. Shareholders may not assign special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal voting in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are provided in the postal voting form.If a shareholder has voted by post and thereafter participates in the meeting venue (in person or by proxy) the postal vote is still valid to the extent the shareholder does not participate in a voting procedure at the AGM or otherwise withdraws the postal vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the AGM  the vote cast will replace the previously submitted postal vote with regard to the relevant item in the agenda.ProxyShareholders who are represented by a proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy signed by the shareholder. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a copy of a registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents must also be attached. The power of attorney with registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents (if applicable) should be sent to the address AB Industrivärden  ""AGM 2024""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  well in advance of the AGM.If a postal vote takes place with the support of a power of attorney  the power of attorney with registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents (if applicable) must be attached to the postal voting form and should be sent in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting above.Proxy forms are available on Industrivärden’s website www.industrivarden.net. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years.Processing of personal dataFor information on Industrivärden’s processing of personal data in relation to the AGM 2024  see the privacy notice on the company’s website www.industrivarden.net.The Board’s proposed agenda1. Opening of the AGM2. Election of a Chairman to preside over the AGM3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of persons to check the minutes6. Decision as to whether the AGM has been duly convened7. Presentation of:a. the annual report and audit report  and of the consolidated accounts and audit report for the Groupb. the auditor’s statement on whether the guidelines for executive compensation have been followedc. the Board’s proposed distribution of earnings and statement in support of such proposal8. Reports by the Chairman of the Board and by the CEO9. Decisions on:a. adoption of the Income Statement and Balance Sheet  and the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Balance Sheetb. distribution of the company’s earnings as shown in the adopted Balance Sheet and record date for dividendc. discharge from liability to the company of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO10. Decision on the number of members of the Board of Directors11. Decision regarding directors’ fees for each of the members of the Board of Directors12. Election of Board of Directors and the Chairman of the BoardThe Nominating Committee’s proposal:a. Pär Boman (re-election)b. Christian Caspar (re-election)c. Marika Fredriksson (re-election)d. Bengt Kjell (re-election)e. Fredrik Lundberg (re-election)f. Katarina Martinson (re-election)g. Fredrik Persson (new election)h. Lars Pettersson (re-election)i. Helena Stjernholm (re-election)j. Fredrik Lundberg as Chairman of the Board (re-election)13. Decision on the number of auditors14. Decision on the auditor’s fees15. Election of auditor16. Decision on guidelines for compensation of senior executives17. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval18. Decision on a long-term share savings program19. Closing of the AGMThe Board’s other proposalsPreparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear on behalf of the company  based on the AGM’s register of shareholders  postal votes received and shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue.Dividend and record dateThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.75 per share.Monday  April 15  2024 has been proposed as the record date for payment of the dividend. Provided that the AGM votes in favor of this proposal  the dividend is expected to be sent out via Euroclear on Thursday  April 18  2024.Guidelines for compensation of senior executivesThe guidelines apply to Industrivärden's CEO and other senior executives. The guidelines must be applied to compensation that is agreed  and changes that are made to previously agreed compensation  after the guidelines are adopted by the 2024 AGM. Compensation decided by the AGM is not covered by the guidelines.No substantive changes have been made to the guidelines for compensation to senior executives compared to those most recently adopted by the 2020 AGM  except under the heading Forms of compensation etc.  where a simplification has been made in the passage concerning Pension benefits by deleting the regulation of retirement age in respect of the right to receive pension benefits  and the cap on Other benefits has been increased. In addition  certain editorial changes have been made.The guidelines’ promotion of the Company’s business mission  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe company's business mission  goals and strategy are presented on Industrivärden's website www.industrivarden.net.The successful and sustainable implementation of the company's business mission  goals and strategy to safeguard the Company's long-term interests require the Company to recruit and retain qualified employees. The guidelines support this in that senior executives can be offered a market-based and competitive total compensation in relation to responsibility and authority.Forms of compensation etc.Compensation must be market-based and competitive and be related to individual performance as well as the Company's performance. Compensation may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  short-term variable cash compensation  pension benefits and other benefits.Short-term variable cash compensation may amount to a maximum of 50 percent of fixed annual cash salary. Compensation must be linked to fulfillment of individual criteria which are determined annually and evaluated based on the executive's effort and performance. Criteria may be financial or non-financial  and consist of individually adapted quantitative or qualitative goals. Criteria must be designed so that they have a clear connection to value creation for the Company and promote the Company's business mission and a sustainable implementation of the Company's long-term interests.Fulfillment of criteria for payment of short-term variable cash compensation must be measured over a period of one year. The Compensation Committee is responsible for assessing to what extent criteria for payment of short-term variable cash compensation to the CEO have been met. The Board then determines the compensation for the CEO. The CEO is responsible for the assessment of fulfillment of the criteria for short-term variable cash compensation to other senior executives. Short-term variable cash compensation shall not be pensionable.The Board must have the opportunity  according to law or agreement  with the limitations that may follow therefrom  wholly or partially reclaim variable cash compensation paid on incorrect grounds.Pension benefits  including health insurance  must be defined contributions  unless the executive has a defined benefit pension according to mandatory collective bargaining provisions. Premiums and other costs due to defined contribution pension benefits are paid to the CEO and other senior executives in a total amount of up to 40 percent of fixed annual cash salary  depending on the senior executive's position.Other benefits may include life insurance  health insurance  car benefit and fitness benefits. Such benefits may amount to no more than ten (10) percent of fixed annual cash salary  depending on the position of the executive.In addition to the above – and independently of these guidelines – the AGM may decide on share and share price-related compensation. Since 2012  the Company has established long-term incentive programs  as resolved by the AGM. The programs are open to all employees  require employees to buy shares in the Company  and have three-year terms. Results are assessed based on performance targets that relate to the performance of Industrivärden's Class C shares. Current share incentive programs and those that have ended during the year are presented in more detail on Industrivärden's website www.industrivarden.net.In the event of the termination of employment by the Company  a notice period of no more than two (2) years is applicable. Fixed cash salary during the notice period and severance pay must not exceed a total corresponding to the fixed cash salary for two (2) years. In the event of termination by an executive  the notice period may be a maximum of six (6) months  without the right to severance pay.Furthermore  compensation related to any non-compete clause may be paid. Such compensation shall compensate for any loss of income and shall only be paid to the extent that the former employee is not entitled to severance pay. Compensation may amount to no more than 60 percent of fixed cash salary at the time of notice of termination  unless otherwise stated in mandatory collective agreement provisions  and be paid during the period for which the commitment to restrict competition applies  which may be no more than 12 months after the cessation of employment.Decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board has established a Compensation Committee. The Committee's tasks include preparing the Board's decisions on proposed guidelines for compensation to senior executives. The Board must draw up proposals for new guidelines at least every four years and submit these proposals for resolution at the AGM. Guidelines apply until new guidelines are adopted by a general meeting of shareholders. The Compensation Committee must also monitor and evaluate variable compensation programs for Company management  the application of compensation guidelines to senior executives and the Company's current compensation structures and compensation levels.When preparing the Board's proposal for compensation guidelines  pay and employment conditions for the Company's other employees are taken into account as information on employee's total compensation  compensation components  as well as increase and rate of increase of compensation over time have constituted part of the Compensation Committee's and the Board's decision-making basis when evaluating the fairness of the guidelines and the limitations that follows from these.The members of the Compensation Committee are independent of the Company and Company management. When the Board reviews and decides on compensation-related matters  the CEO or others in the Company's management are not present  insofar as they are affected by such matters.Departing from the guidelinesThe Board may decide to temporarily depart from the guidelines in whole or in part if  in an individual case  there are special reasons for this and a departure is necessary to satisfy the Company's long-term interests or to ensure the Company's financial viability. The Compensation Committee's responsibilities include preparing the Board's decisions on compensation matters  which includes decisions on deviations from the guidelines.Long-term share savings programBackgroundSince 2012 the AGMs have resolved on the implementation of long-term share saving programs for employees of the company. The terms of the share savings program (the “Program”) now proposed by the Board of Directors to the 2024 AGM corresponds to the program adopted by the 2023 AGM. Industrivärden’s long-term share savings programs that are outstanding and were completed during the year are presented in more detail in Note 8 of the Annual Report 2023.The Program entails that the employee after three years receives so-called performance shares  provided that certain conditions are fulfilled and that the employee has invested a portion of his or her base salary in Industrivärden shares and that the employee has not given  or been served  notice of termination during the Lock-in Period (as defined in item d below).The purpose of the Program is to encourage Industrivärden’s employees to increase their shareholdings and thereby further emphasize long-term shareholder value. The share savings program is deemed to increase Industrivärden’s prospects for retaining and recruiting competent employees as well as the employees’ interest and involvement in Industrivärden’s business and development. The performance conditions  which are based on the total return for Industrivärden shares during the term of the Program  are deemed to further enhance the participants’ long-term commitment and the mutual interests between Industrivärden’s shareholders and employees. The Program is intended to be annually recurring and constitute the form of long-term variable remuneration.The Board of Directors thus proposes that the 2024 AGM resolve to implement a long-term share savings program for in total no more than 20 employees of Industrivärden.The Board of Directors’ proposal for resolutionThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolve to implement the Program based on the terms and conditions set out below.a. The Program is open to the CEO and a maximum of 4 other members of Industrivärden’s management (“CEO” and “Management” respectively)  to a maximum of 6 key persons employed by Industrivärden (“Key Persons”)  and to other permanent employees of Industrivärden (“Employees”)  however in total a maximum of 20 permanent employees of Industrivärden.b. Provided that the CEO  Management  Key Persons and Employees (as applicable) have made an own investment in Class C shares in Industrivärden (“Savings Shares”) during the Acquisition Period (defined in item c below)  such participant is under the terms of the Program offered the opportunity to be granted shares free of charge  from a designated third party at the end of the Lock-in Period  as follows:(i) Provided that the total return for the Industrivärden Class C shares during the Lock-in Period is equal to or exceeds 10 percent  all program participants may be granted 0.5 Class C shares in Industrivärden (“Performance Share”) per Savings Share (ii) Provided that the average annual total return for Industrivärden Class C shares during the Lock-in Period is equal to or exceeds SIXRX during the same period of time  the CEO and Management may be granted 1 additional Performance Share  Key Persons may be granted 0.5 additional Performance Share  and Employees may be granted 0.5 additional Performance Share  per Savings Share (iii) Provided that the average annual total return for Industrivärden Class C shares during the Lock-in Period exceeds SIXRX by 2 percentage points during the same period of time  the CEO and Management may be granted 1.5 additional Performance Shares and Key Persons may be granted 1 additional Performance Share per Savings Share  and(iv) Provided that the average annual total return for Industrivärden Class C shares during the Lock-in Period exceeds SIXRX by 3 percentage points during the same period of time  the CEO may be granted 1 additional Performance Share per Savings share.In total  the Program thus entails that the CEO may be granted 4 Performance Shares per Savings Share  that Management may be granted 3 Performance Shares per Savings Share  that Key Persons may be granted 2 Performance Shares per Savings Share  and that Employees may be granted 1 Performance Share per Savings Share.c. The maximum number of Savings Shares that each program participant may acquire is limited in such way that Savings Shares may be acquired for an amount corresponding to a maximum of 10 percent of the participant’s gross annual base salary for 2024. Acquisition of Savings Shares shall take place during the period from 22 July 2024 until and including 31 October 2024  however with a right for the Board of Directors to extend the period in certain circumstances (the “Acquisition Period”).d. Grants of Performance Shares are expected to take place shortly after publication of Industrivärden’s third quarter interim report for 2027. The time from the last day of the Acquisition Period to the date of publication of Industrivärden’s third quarter interim report for 2027 is defined as the “Lock-in Period”.e. In order for a program participant to be granted Performance Shares it is required that  with certain specific exemptions  the participant has not given  or been served  notice of termination of employment in Industrivärden during the Lock-in Period and that the participant  throughout the Lock-in Period  has retained the Savings Shares. Saving Shares disposed of prior to the expiration of the Lock-in Period will therefore not entitle to any grants of Performance Shares. Should a program participant retire during the Lock-in Period  the entitlement to receive allotment of Performance Shares shall be reduced in proportion to the time remaining in the Lock-in Period.f. The Program shall comprise a maximum of 50 000 Class C shares in Industrivärden. Should Savings Shares be acquired at a share price such that the total number of Performance Shares exceeds 50 000  the number of Performance Shares that may be transferred to the program participants will be proportionally reduced.g. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program.h. In the event significant changes occur in Industrivärden or the market  or in the event the costs for the Program significantly exceed the estimated costs  and this  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  results in a situation where the conditions for grants of Performance Shares under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  a decision to reduce the grant of Performance Shares or to not grant any Performance Shares at all.i. The number of Performance Shares shall be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar company events.Drafting of the proposalThe proposal regarding the Program to the 2024 AGM has been decided on by the Board of Directors following preparation by the Compensation Committee.Hedging  etc.To hedge the financial exposure that the Program is expected to have  the Board of Directors intends to enter into a share swap agreement with a third party on behalf of Industrivärden  at market terms  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer Class C shares in Industrivärden to the program participants.As proposed the Program may comprise a maximum of 50 000 Class C shares in Industrivärden  representing approximately 0.01 percent of all outstanding shares in Industrivärden and approximately 0.03 percent of all outstanding Class C shares in Industrivärden.In accordance with the scope of the Program as described above  the cost upon full grant is estimated to approximately SEK 14 million  under the assumption all current employees participate in the Program and that all program participants acquire the maximum number of Savings Shares.The Program is expected to have only marginal effect on Industrivärden’s and the Industrivärden Group’s key ratios.Majority requirementsThe AGM’s resolution in accordance with the above requires a majority of more than half of the votes cast.Nominating Committee’s proposalsThe Nominating Committee has consisted of Bo Selling (L E Lundbergföretagen)  Håkan Sandberg (Jan Wallander and Tom Hedelius Foundation and others)  Jan Svedjebrant (SCA Pension Foundations and others)  Mikael Schmidt (Essity Pension Foundation and others)  and Fredrik Lundberg (Chairman of the Board of AB Industrivärden). Bo Selling has served as the Chairman of the Nominating Committee.AB Industrivärden’s Nominating Committee proposes the following.AGM ChairmanThe attorney Patrik Marcelius or  to the extent he is prevented  the person that the Nominating Committee proposes instead.Number of directorsNine directors and no deputy directors.Directors’ feesChairman of the Board: SEK 2 350 000 (SEK 2 260 000).Vice Chairman (in the event such is appointed): SEK 1 425 000 (SEK 1 370 000).Each of the other non-executive directors: SEK 712 000 (SEK 685 000).No separate fee is to be paid for committee work.Board of DirectorsRe-election of Pär Boman  Christian Caspar  Marika Fredriksson  Bengt Kjell  Fredrik Lundberg  Katarina Martinson  Lars Pettersson and Helena Stjernholm as directors  and election of Fredrik Persson as new director.Re-election of Fredrik Lundberg as Chairman of the Board.Information about the proposed directors can be found on Industrivärden’s website www.industrivarden.net.Number of auditorsOne chartered accounting firm.Auditor’s feeFee in accordance with approved invoice.AuditorThe Nominating Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  re-election of the accounting firm Deloitte AB for the period until the end of the 2025 AGM. Deloitte AB has notified that if the firm is elected  it will appoint Authorized Public Accountant Hans Warén as chief auditor.Other information relating to the AGMDocumentsThe financial statements  the auditor’s report  the Board of Directors’ proposed distribution of earnings and statement in support of such proposal  the Board of Directors’ proposal for guidelines for compensation to senior executives  the Board of Directors’ remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act on paid and outstanding remuneration that is covered by the guidelines for compensation to senior executives  and the auditor’s statement pursuant to Chapter 8  section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding these guidelines  will be available at the company no later than three weeks before the AGM. These documents will also then be published on the company’s website www.industrivarden.net  and will be sent to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will be available at the AGM.Information on the proposed members of the Board of Directors and the Nominating Committee’s proposal and reasoned statement is available on the company’s website www.industrivarden.net.Information at the AGMIf requested by a shareholder and provided that the Board deems that it can take place without causing significant damage to the company  the Board and the CEO shall at the AGM provide information on conditions that could affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  conditions that could have an effect on the assessment of the company’s or its subsidiaries’ financial position or the company’s relation to other companies within the Group. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance can do so by post to AB Industrivärden  the Board of Directors  Box 5403  SE-114 84 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to legal@industrivarden.se.Number of shares and votes in the companyThe total number of shares in AB Industrivärden (publ) is 431 899 108  of which 252 795 832 are Class A shares and 179 103 276 are Class C shares. Each Class A share carries one vote and each Class C share carries one-tenth of a vote. The total number of votes is 270 706 159.6. This data pertains to the conditions at the time this notice was issued.Stockholm in March 2024AB Industrivärden (publ)The Board of DirectorsThe information herein was submitted for publication at 10.00 a.m. (CET) on March 4  2024.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Grand Hôtel', 'equivalent authorization documents', 'Vinterträdgården', 'personal identification number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'AB Industrivärden', 'Voting rights registrations', 'corporate registration number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'postal voting form', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'voting procedure', 'share register', 'attending assistants', 'relevant item', 'legal entity', 'postal vote', 'vote cast', 'telephone number', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'separate notification', 'dated power', 'A. Shareholders', 'B. Shareholders', 'votes', 'Notice', 'publ', 'AGM', 'Thursday', 'April', 'entrance', 'corner', 'Stallgatan/Blasieholmsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'CEST', 'opportunity', 'advance', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'addition', 'participation', 'proxy', 'company', 'Friday', 'website', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'weekdays', 'CET', 'Box', 'name', 'address', 'accordance', 'heading', 'order', 'shares', 'nominee', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'Story', 'industrivarden', 'case', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'regard', 'agenda', 'written', 'attorney', 'copy', 'place', 'support', '2', '1', '9.00', '4']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,finance.yahoo.com
36917,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2024/03/222183-switzerlands-six-to-link-connexor-to-d7-deutsche-borses-digital-post-trade-platform/,Switzerland’s SIX to Link Connexor to D7  Deutsche Börse’s Digital Post-Trade Platform,SIX is pleased to announce its partnership with Clearstream in order for the Connexor service of SIX to become D7 Digital Market Partner.,SIX is pleased to announce its partnership with Clearstream in order for the Connexor service of SIX to become D7 Digital Market Partner.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Digital Post-Trade Platform', 'Switzerland', 'SIX', 'Connexor', 'D7 Digital Market Partner', 'Connexor service', 'SIX', 'partnership', 'Clearstream', 'order']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,crowdfundinsider.com
36918,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/sustainability/boards-policy-regulation/proxy-adviser-iss-expands-offerings-esg-skeptic-clients-2024-03-04/,Exclusive: Proxy adviser ISS expands offerings for 'ESG skeptic' clients,"Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS)  the influential proxy adviser majority owned by Deutsche Boerse that recommends how shareholders should vote in corporate elections  will offer a new ""ESG skeptic"" option ","Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS)  the influential proxy adviser majority owned by Deutsche Boerse that recommends how shareholders should vote in corporate elections  will offer a new ""ESG skeptic"" option ",neutral,0.05,0.83,0.12,neutral,0.05,0.71,0.25,True,English,"[""ESG skeptic' clients"", 'Proxy adviser', 'ISS', 'offerings', 'influential proxy adviser majority', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'new ""ESG skeptic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'corporate elections', 'ISS', 'shareholders', 'option']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,reuters.com
36919,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-cms-announcement-pursuant-to-art-5-1-lit-b-of-regulation-eu-no-596-2014-and-art-2-3-of-delegated-regulation-eu-2016-1052-1033127484,EQS-CMS: Announcement pursuant to Art. 5 (1) lit. b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Art. 2 (3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 /,EQS Post-admission Duties announcement: Deutsche Börse AG / Acquisition of own shares Announcement pursuant to Art. 5 (1) lit. b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Art. 2 (3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 / 04.03.2024 / 10:12 CET/CEST ...,EQS Post-admission Duties announcement: Deutsche Börse AG / Acquisition of own sharesAnnouncement pursuant to Art. 5 (1) lit. b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Art. 2 (3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 /04.03.2024 / 10:12 CET/CESTDissemination of a Post-admission Duties announcement transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Frankfurt am Main  04 March 2024In the period from 26 February 2024 to  and including  01 March 2024  Deutsche Börse AG purchased a number of 94 949 shares within the framework of its ongoing share buy-back programme which had been announced by the announcement of 27 December 2023 pursuant to Art. 5 (1) lit. a) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Art. 2 (1) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.Shares were purchased as follows:Date Shares (Number) Average price (EUR)26/02/2024 19 975 191.836527/02/2024 20 000 192.478828/02/2024 20 000 193.528129/02/2024 14 974 193.670201/03/2024 20 000 193.3751The total number of shares purchased in the context of the share buy-back programme since 2 January 2024 through  and including  01 March 2024 amounts to 1 382 745 shares.The purchase of shares is carried out exclusively on the electronic trading platform of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Xetra) by a credit institution that has been commissioned by Deutsche Börse AG.Detailed transaction information pursuant to Art. 2 (3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 can be found on the website of Deutsche Börse AG (https://www.deutsche-boerse.com/dbg-en/investor-relations/share-and-bonds/share-buyback).04.03.2024 CET/CEST The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Delegated Regulation', 'EQS-CMS', 'Announcement', 'Art.', 'EU', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'ongoing share buy-back programme', 'EQS Post-admission Duties announcement', 'EQS Group AG', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'electronic trading platform', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Detailed transaction information', 'EQS News', 'Average price', 'credit institution', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Financial/Corporate News', 'Press Releases', 'Delegated Regulation', 'total number', 'Date Shares', '94,949 shares', '1,382,745 shares', 'Acquisition', 'Art. 5', '12 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', '04 March', 'period', '26 February', '01 March', 'framework', '27 December', 'EUR', 'context', '2 January', 'purchase', 'Xetra', 'website', 'deutsche-boerse', 'dbg', 'investor-relations', 'bonds', 'buyback', 'Archive', '10']",2014-03-04,2024-03-04,markets.businessinsider.com
36920,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2024/03/222183-switzerlands-six-to-link-connexor-to-d7-deutsche-borses-digital-post-trade-platform/,Switzerland’s SIX to Link Connexor to D7  Deutsche Börse’s Digital Post-Trade Platform,SIX is pleased to announce its partnership with Clearstream in order for the Connexor service of SIX to become D7 Digital Market Partner.,SIX is pleased to announce its partnership with Clearstream in order for the Connexor service of SIX to become D7 Digital Market Partner.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Digital Post-Trade Platform', 'Switzerland', 'SIX', 'Connexor', 'D7 Digital Market Partner', 'Connexor service', 'SIX', 'partnership', 'Clearstream', 'order']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,crowdfundinsider.com
36921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/03/03/head-to-head-analysis-public-storage-nysepsa-vs-american-strategic-investment-nysenyc/,Head-To-Head Analysis: Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) vs. American Strategic Investment (NYSE:NYC),Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) and American Strategic Investment (NYSE:NYC – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the better stock? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their analyst recommendations  div…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) and American Strategic Investment (NYSE:NYC – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the better stock? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their analyst recommendations  dividends  earnings  valuation  profitability  risk and institutional ownership.Volatility and RiskPublic Storage has a beta of 0.54  meaning that its stock price is 46% less volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  American Strategic Investment has a beta of -0.11  meaning that its stock price is 111% less volatile than the S&P 500.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst RatingsThis is a breakdown of current ratings for Public Storage and American Strategic Investment  as provided by MarketBeat.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Public Storage 1 4 4 0 2.33 American Strategic Investment 0 1 0 0 2.00Earnings & ValuationPublic Storage presently has a consensus target price of $293.00  indicating a potential upside of 3.45%. American Strategic Investment has a consensus target price of $8.00  indicating a potential upside of 6.10%. Given American Strategic Investment’s higher probable upside  analysts clearly believe American Strategic Investment is more favorable than Public Storage.This table compares Public Storage and American Strategic Investment’s top-line revenue  earnings per share and valuation.Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Public Storage $4.52 billion 11.02 $2.15 billion $11.06 25.61 American Strategic Investment $64.00 million 0.27 -$45.90 million ($20.12) -0.37Public Storage has higher revenue and earnings than American Strategic Investment. American Strategic Investment is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Public Storage  indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks.ProfitabilityThis table compares Public Storage and American Strategic Investment’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Public Storage 45.34% 35.31% 10.96% American Strategic Investment -66.36% -13.55% -5.40%Insider & Institutional Ownership78.8% of Public Storage shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively  40.6% of American Strategic Investment shares are held by institutional investors. 11.0% of Public Storage shares are held by insiders. Comparatively  0.7% of American Strategic Investment shares are held by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers  hedge funds and endowments believe a company is poised for long-term growth.SummaryPublic Storage beats American Strategic Investment on 13 of the 14 factors compared between the two stocks.About Public Storage(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand. Our headquarters are located in Glendale  California.About American Strategic Investment(Get Free Report)American Strategic Investment Co. (NYSE: NYC) owns a portfolio of high-quality commercial real estate located within the five boroughs of New York City.Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.55,0.42,0.02,True,English,"['American Strategic Investment', 'Head Analysis', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'NYC', '217 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score', 'seven Western European nations', 'high-quality commercial real estate', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'American Strategic Investment Co.', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'American Strategic Investment shares', 'Earnings Ratio Public Storage', 'Get Free Report', 'large money managers', 'New York City', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'Net Income Earnings', 'consensus target price', 'concise daily summary', 'Public Storage shares', 'Public Storage Daily', '35% common equity interest', 'Net Margins Return', 'higher probable upside', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'higher revenue', 'Sales Ratio', 'lower price', 'Analyst Ratings', 'current ratings', 'Sell Ratings', 'potential upside', 'top-line revenue', 'institutional investors', 'stock price', 'finance companies', 'two companies', 'analyst recommendations', 'S&P 500.', 'two stocks', 'hedge funds', 'long-term growth', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'five boroughs', 'related companies', 'Share Price', 'Equity Return', 'United States', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSE:NYC', '40 states', 'PSA', 'strength', 'dividends', 'valuation', 'profitability', 'risk', 'Volatility', 'beta', 'breakdown', 'analysts', 'assets', 'Insider', 'indication', 'endowments', 'company', '14 factors', 'member', 'REIT', 'September', 'interests', 'headquarters', 'Glendale', 'California', 'portfolio', '6.']",2024-03-03,2024-03-04,etfdailynews.com
36922,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-2023-annual-report-302078922.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited 2023 Annual Report,Tetragon has published its 2023 Annual Report. Please click below to access the report. Tetragon Financial Group Limited 2023 Annual Report,LONDON  March 4  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has published its 2023 Annual Report. Please click below to access the report.Tetragon Financial Group Limited 2023 Annual ReportAs a reminder  Tetragon will host a conference call for investors on Tuesday  5 March 2024 at 15:30 GMT / 10:30 EST to discuss its annual report and to provide a company update.During the call  Tetragon's investment manager will also seek to address questions raised by investors  including questions e-mailed to ir@tetragoninv.com.Getting Access to the Call and Q&A:The call will be accompanied by a live presentation which can be viewed online by registering at the link below. In addition  questions can be submitted online while watching the presentation. We would encourage you to log in 15 minutes prior to the start of the call.Webcast – please use the following link to register and access the live event webcast:https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=0C715F47-2B1D-4FE6-BBFF-BE95CD52F7A8Audio conference – please use the following link to register for your personal audio conference call details if you cannot join the webcast:https://register.vevent.com/register/BI6cb32f159c974b4da4e6a355e0c93edaPresentation Replay:A replay of the call will be available for 30 days through the link provided above or by visiting https://www.tetragoninv.com/events where a recording will posted.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon's non-voting shares are subject to restrictions on ownership by U.S. persons and are not intended for European retail investors.Please see: https://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/additional-information.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.47,0.51,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', '2023 Annual Report', 'Tetragon Financial Group Limited 2023 Annual Report', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'personal audio conference call details', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'alternative investment fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'live event webcast', 'European retail investors', 'company update', 'investment manager', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'European Union', 'live presentation', 'Q&A', 'voting shares', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Inquiries', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'Prosek Partners', 'public offer', 'following link', 'Presentation Replay', 'March', 'reminder', 'Tuesday', '15:30 GMT', 'questions', 'tetragoninv', 'Access', 'addition', '15 minutes', 'start', 'onlinexperiences', 'Launch/QReg/ShowUUID', 'B1D-4FE6-BBFF', 'BE95CD52F7A8', 'vevent', 'BI6cb32f159c974b4da4e6a355e0c93eda', '30 days', 'events', 'recording', 'restrictions', 'ownership', 'shareholders', 'release', 'inside', 'information', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'benefits', 'Section', '10:30']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,prnewswire.co.uk
36923,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-192200919.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Dividend and Intention to Conduct Tender Offer,On 4 March 2024  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S. $ 0.11 ( 11.00 cents) per share in respect of the fourth quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 6 March 2024. The record date is 7 March 2024. Payment of the dividend will take place from 3 April 2024.,LONDON  March 4  2024 /PRNewswire/ --Dividend Announcement:On 4 March 2024  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the fourth quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 6 March 2024. The record date is 7 March 2024. Payment of the dividend will take place from 3 April 2024.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 19 March 2024. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 3 April 2024.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 19 March 2024. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 3 April 2024.Intention to Conduct a Tender Offer:Tetragon intends to conduct a tender offer for a number of Tetragon non-voting shares with a maximum value of up to U.S.$25 million  to be held as treasury shares. J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its U.K. investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) will act as dealer manager in the tender offer  which will use a modified Dutch auction structure. Details of this planned tender offer will be announced shortly. A repurchase of Tetragon shares at a price below NAV will be accretive to its fully diluted NAV per share.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon's non-voting shares are subject to restrictions on ownership by U.S. persons and are not intended for European retail investors.Story continuesPlease see: https://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/additional-information.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-dividend-and-intention-to-conduct-tender-offer-302078892.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.6,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Tender Offer', 'Dividend', 'Intention', 'U.K. investment banking business', 'J.P. Morgan Securities plc', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'J.P. Morgan Cazenove', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Dutch auction structure', 'alternative investment fund', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'European retail investors', 'dividend currency election', 'investment manager', 'dividend share election', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'European Union', 'fourth quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'maximum value', 'treasury shares', 'dealer manager', 'voting shares', 'Press Inquiries', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'Dividend Announcement', 'Tender Offer', 'public offer', 'Tetragon shares', 'Prosek Partners', 'Cash dividends', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', 'Payment', 'place', '3 April', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'information', 'shareholders', 'Sterling', 'Intention', 'number', 'Details', 'repurchase', 'price', 'NAV', 'restrictions', 'ownership', 'Story', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'financial-group-limited-announcement', 'conduct']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,finance.yahoo.com
36924,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/msci-upgrades-veon-aa-esg-180000821.html,MSCI upgrades VEON to 'AA' ESG Rating,VEON (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that  MSCI has raised the Company’s Environmental  Social ,VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  4 March 2024: VEON (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that  MSCI has raised the Company’s Environmental  Social  and Governance (ESG) rating to 'AA' from 'A'.This upgrade positions VEON within the ‘Leaders’ category amongst the 131 telecommunication services companies evaluated by MSCI  demonstrating our commitment to sustainable and ethical business operations.“Our 'AA' rating from MSCI demonstrates VEON’s success in integrating and implementing a strategy aimed at making a positive societal impact  ensuring ethical governance and contributing to environmental stewardship. This upgrade and our position in the ‘Leaders’ category for our industry reflects VEON's persistent efforts to incorporate sustainable and responsible ESG practices across our operations  raising the bar consistently and with dedication.“I am particularly pleased to see that VEON has scored above the industry average for labour management  with MSCI noting our focus on employee engagement and satisfaction. The ESG rating agency also named VEON’s exit from Russia as a factor contributing to the rating upgrade. MSCI also noted VEON’s good practices in end user data management  noting that our data security framework is on par with industry peers and features certification to widely recognized data security standards.“Finally  corporate governance is another area where VEON excelled in comparison to our peers  according to MSCI  with a majority independent Board of Directors. This Board makeup reflects not only globally accepted good practices  but also the fact that VEON has no controlling or majority shareholder ” said Kaan Terzioglu  VEON Group CEO.VEON’s focus on “4G for all” and digital services resulted in significant improvements in digital and financial inclusion in the 6 markets where our Group companies operate: Pakistan  Ukraine  Bangladesh  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan. Our digital operators amplify their positive social and environmental impact  prioritizing inclusive workplace practices and broader initiatives that drive diversity and inclusion  as well as supporting environmental sustainability. VEON remains committed to maintaining high standards in ethical and transparent of governance  serving a broad group of stakeholders.Story continuesFor further details on VEON and our ESG practices  please visit our website at https://www.veon.com/we-are-veon/sustainability .About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s strategy and sustainability initiatives. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.ContactVEONHande AsikGroup Director of Communicationspr@veon.comFaisal GhoriGroup Director of Investor Relationsir@veon.com,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.23,0.41,True,English,"[""AA' ESG Rating"", 'MSCI', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Hande Asik Group Director', 'Faisal Ghori Group Director', 'end user data management', 'The ESG rating agency', 'data security framework', 'data security standards', 'inclusive workplace practices', 'positive societal impact', 'majority independent Board', 'responsible ESG practices', 'global digital operator', '131 telecommunication services companies', 'ethical business operations', 'VEON Group CEO', 'labour management', 'broad group', 'Board makeup', 'majority shareholder', 'positive social', 'environmental impact', 'high standards', 'good practices', 'online services', 'digital services', 'technology-driven services', 'converged connectivity', 'Leaders’ category', 'environmental stewardship', 'persistent efforts', 'employee engagement', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'significant improvements', 'digital operators', 'broader initiatives', '160 million customers', 'six countries', 'economic growth', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Investor Relations', ""AA' rating"", 'industry average', 'environmental sustainability', 'sustainability initiatives', 'rating upgrade', 'ethical governance', 'corporate governance', 'financial inclusion', 'unanticipated events', 'industry peers', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'NASDAQ', 'MSCI', 'Company', 'commitment', 'sustainable', 'success', 'strategy', 'position', 'dedication', 'focus', 'satisfaction', 'exit', 'Russia', 'factor', 'par', 'certification', 'area', 'Directors', 'controlling', '4G', '6 markets', 'Pakistan', 'Ukraine', 'Bangladesh', 'Kazakhstan', 'Uzbekistan', 'Kyrgyzstan', 'diversity', 'stakeholders', 'Story', 'details', 'website', 'world', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'Contact', 'Communications']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,finance.yahoo.com
36925,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-115600697.html,Ferrari N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fourth Tranche”) ,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  March 4  2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fourth Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 26/02/2024 3 818 385.8095 1 473 020.67 - - - - 3 818 385.8095 1 473 020.67 27/02/2024 3 901 387.6303 1 512 145.80 4 740 421.8626 1 999 628.72 1 841 957.19 8 641 388.1614 3 354 102.99 28/02/2024 3 732 392.7765 1 465 841.90 - - - - 3 732 392.7765 1 465 841.90 29/02/2024 3 884 393.1237 1 526 892.45 4 727 422.9900 1 999 473.73 1 846 918.28 8 611 391.8024 3 373 810.73 01/03/2024 3 834 392.8373 1 506 138.21 - - - - 3 834 392.8373 1 506 138.21 19 169 390.4241 7 484 039.03 9 467 422.4255 3 999 102.45 3 688 875.47 28 636 390.1702 11 172 914.50 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Fourth Tranche till March 1  2024  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 129 363 744.31 for No. 389 839 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 34 294 885.17 (Euro 31 487 529.56*) for No. 93 205 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of March 1  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 13 741 786 common shares equal to 5.35% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Story continuesSince the start of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day  on July 1  2022  until March 1  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 2 817 328 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 720 048 035.01.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.52,0.45,0.03,True,English,"['Ferrari N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', '350 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 93,205 common shares', 'share capital', '839 common shares', '13,741,786 common shares', 'fourth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'November', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'March', 'Story', 'start', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '2,817,328']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,uk.finance.yahoo.com
36926,EuroNext,Bing API,https://pressat.co.uk/releases/block-trading-of-abl-diagnostics-ordinary-shares-abld-euronext-compartment-b-026624235ac78b8d64055e9894cb34a4/,Block trading of ABL Diagnostics ordinary shares (ABLD  Euronext  compartment B),ABL Diagnostics  based in Woippy  is a public company listed in compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Euronext: ABLD – ISIN: FR001400AHX6). This press release contains implicitly or explicitly certain forward-looking statements ...,"Woippy  le 4 mars 2024 à 8hABL Diagnostics (FR001400AHX6) (""ABLD"" or the ""Company"") announced today that a total of three block transactions since August 2023 for a total of 59 651 shares of its common stock have been reported to ONDE  the central information filing system of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and are publicly available on the AMF's decisions and notifications database website (https://bdif.amf-france.org/en).The block trades of its common stock were conducted by its parent company  Advanced Biological Laboratory (ABL). ABL is a privately held company headquartered in Luxembourg. ABL is the largest shareholder of the Company with more than 99% of the shares.Mr. Ronan Boulmé  GRC Director of the ABL Group  stated  ""These transactions - 0 37% of the total of common shares - are in line with our commitment to the AMF to sell up to thirty percent (30%) of our common shares to create a free float of ABLD shares”. He added: ""it is a goal that continues to be pursued with several ongoing efforts and partnerships. The recent block trades mark the beginning of a strategic journey for ABL Diagnostics as it embarks on its next phase of growth and development. These investments will fuel ABL Diagnostics' continued efforts to pioneer and deliver state-of-the-art diagnostic solutions in collaboration with strategic partners worldwide”.ABOUT ABL DIAGNOSTICSABL DIAGNOSTICS S.A. (ABLD) is a worldwide leading international company offering innovative and proprietary molecular biology assays and end-to-end solutions intended to be used for molecular detection by Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) – UltraGene® and for genotyping through DNA sequencing – DeepChek® (a very sensitive  robust and sustainable technology allowing precise identification of relevant genomic variations like single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP)  amino-acid mutations  quasispecies like variants of concern  already published or which will be discovered in the future  with known impact on disease prognosis  drug efficacy  pathogen activity…).These molecular biology products are generating recurring revenues and cover one of the largest portfolio of microbiology applications  growing fast year after year to stick to the market needs  with a primary focus on HIV (with CE-IVD marked target-specific assays covering all relevant genes used for drug resistance assessment like reverse transcriptase  protease  integrase and with the disruptive Whole Genome Kit)  on SARS-CoV-2  on Tuberculosis (with a CE-IVD marked multiplex assay targeting genes relevant for first line  second line and new-drugs resistance determination)  on viral hepatitis B and C  16s/18s RNA for taxonomy and microbiome analyses and other viral and bacterial targets. Please consult ABL Diagnostics team for further information about registration status of the ABL Diagnostics’ products in your territory.ABL Diagnostics commercializes its entire line of products on a worldwide basis through its own sales team and through a network of exclusive distributors active on all continents. ABL Diagnostics clients are academic clinical pathology labs  private reference labs and researchers willing to implement an innovative and robust microbiology content in constant expansion.ABL Diagnostics also develops  manufactures  and markets kits for clinical specimen collection – MediaChek® and digital solutions like Nadis®  an CE-marked Electronic Medical Record (EMR) system used in France in more than 200 hospitals managing patients infected by HIV or Viral Hepatitis.ABL Diagnostics  based in Woippy  is a public company listed in compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Euronext: ABLD – ISIN: FR001400AHX6).For further information  please visit www.abldiagnostics.comCONTACTSABL Diagnosticsinfo@abldiagnostics.comDr Chalom Sayada  CEO and Founder of ABL SA  Board Director ABLDTel : + 33 (0)7 83 64 68 50FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTThis press release contains implicitly or explicitly certain forward-looking statements concerning ABL Diagnostics and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that ABL Diagnostics considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will be verified  which statements are subject to numerous risks  including the risks set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document filed with the AMF on July 12  2022 under number 22-296  available on the web site of ABL Diagnostics (www.abldiagnostics.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which ABL Diagnostics operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to ABL Diagnostics or not currently considered material by ABL Diagnostics. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of ABL Diagnostics to be materially different from such forward-looking statements.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute and should not be construed as an offer or an invitation to sell or subscribe  or the solicitation of any order or invitation to purchase or subscribe for ABL Diagnostics shares in any country. The distribution of this press release in certain countries may be a breach of applicable laws. The persons in possession of this press release must inquire about any local restrictions and comply with these restrictions.",neutral,0.04,0.91,0.06,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['ABL Diagnostics ordinary shares', 'Block trading', 'ABLD', 'Euronext', 'compartment', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'disruptive Whole Genome Kit', 'CE-marked Electronic Medical Record', 'academic clinical pathology labs', 'proprietary molecular biology assays', 'ABL DIAGNOSTICS S.A.', 'worldwide leading international company', 'central information filing system', 'private reference labs', 'clinical specimen collection', 'notifications database website', 'Advanced Biological Laboratory', 'Mr. Ronan Boulmé', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'single nucleotide polymorphisms', 'new-drugs resistance determination', 'Dr Chalom Sayada', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT', 'Risk Factors” section', 'molecular biology products', 'several ongoing efforts', 'relevant genomic variations', 'drug resistance assessment', 'universal registration document', 'recent block trades', 'robust microbiology content', 'three block transactions', 'ABL Diagnostics clients', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'ABL Diagnostics team', 'ABL Diagnostics’ products', 'molecular detection', 'target-specific assays', 'worldwide basis', 'EMR) system', 'continued efforts', 'sensitive, robust', 'drug efficacy', 'microbiology applications', 'registration status', 'sales team', 'ABL Group', 'ABL SA', 'common stock', 'largest shareholder', 'GRC Director', 'up to', 'thirty percent', 'free float', 'strategic journey', 'next phase', 'diagnostic solutions', 'strategic partners', 'DNA sequencing', 'sustainable technology', 'precise identification', 'amino-acid mutations', 'known impact', 'disease prognosis', 'pathogen activity', 'recurring revenues', 'largest portfolio', 'primary focus', 'relevant genes', 'reverse transcriptase', 'multiplex assay', 'viral hepatitis', '16s/18s RNA', 'microbiome analyses', 'other viral', 'bacterial targets', 'exclusive distributors', 'constant expansion', 'digital solutions', 'compartment B', 'Board Director', 'press release', 'web site', 'economic conditions', 'actual results', 'financial conditions', 'parent company', 'public company', 'first line', 'second line', 'entire line', 'common shares', 'end solutions', 'market needs', 'financial markets', 'numerous risks', 'ABLD shares', '59,651 shares', 'Woippy', '4 mars', '8h', 'FR001400AHX', 'total', 'August', 'ONDE', 'AMF', 'decisions', 'france', 'Luxembourg', 'commitment', 'goal', 'partnerships', 'beginning', 'growth', 'development', 'investments', 'collaboration', 'innovative', 'PCR', 'UltraGene', 'genotyping', 'DeepChek®', 'SNP', 'quasispecies', 'variants', 'concern', 'future', 'year', 'HIV', 'CE-IVD', 'protease', 'integrase', 'SARS-CoV-2', 'Tuberculosis', 'taxonomy', 'territory', 'network', 'continents', 'researchers', 'kits', 'MediaChek®', 'Nadis®', '200 hospitals', 'patients', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'ISIN', 'abldiagnostics', 'CONTACTS', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'Tel', 'business', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'July', 'number', 'occurrence', 'performance', 'achievements']",2024-03-04,2024-03-04,pressat.co.uk
