UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
11411,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,nan,🌽🍌🍉🍒🍈🥑🍇🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds', 'tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds']",2022-11-06,2022-11-07,Unknown
11475,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,nan,🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear', 'exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12557,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,$NWPIF NEW ARTICLE : ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/sg4PKY0JmY Get… https://t.co/BlqSWwBZyj,nan,$NWPIF NEW ARTICLE : ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/sg4PKY0JmY Get… https://t.co/BlqSWwBZyj,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'NEW ARTICLE', '$0.01, revenue', 'BlqSWwBZyj', 'ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'NEW ARTICLE', '$0.01, revenue', 'BlqSWwBZyj']",2022-11-03,2022-11-07,Unknown
12558,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,$NWPIF $CSM:CA - ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/bJkzQggxeX,nan,$NWPIF $CSM:CA - ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/bJkzQggxeX,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'CA', '1, revenue', 'ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'CA', '1, revenue']",2022-11-03,2022-11-07,Unknown
12559,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@wintruzareiks Les places du type Clearstream,nan,@wintruzareiks Les places du type Clearstream,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['wintruzareiks', 'places', 'type', 'Clearstream', 'wintruzareiks', 'places', 'type', 'Clearstream']",2022-11-03,2022-11-07,Unknown
12569,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/MDPCr53M28,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/MDPCr53M28,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'MDPCr53M28', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'MDPCr53M28']",2022-11-03,2022-11-07,Unknown
12570,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/BtqV8twVmG,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/BtqV8twVmG,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'BtqV8twVmG', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'BtqV8twVmG']",2022-11-03,2022-11-07,Unknown
12571,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/kvpqPsB1oL,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/kvpqPsB1oL,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-03,2022-11-07,Unknown
12662,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,How has Regulatory Scrutiny Evolved? - Priya Sharma - Clearstreamhttps://t.co/R7aNtJ7qG0#Fintech  #Paytech #FFnews https://t.co/09Y7gK7ubB,nan,How has Regulatory Scrutiny Evolved? - Priya Sharma - Clearstreamhttps://t.co/R7aNtJ7qG0#Fintech  #Paytech #FFnews https://t.co/09Y7gK7ubB,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Regulatory Scrutiny', 'Priya Sharma', 'Clearstream', 'R7aNtJ7qG0', 'Fintech', 'Paytech', 'FFnews', 'Regulatory Scrutiny', 'Priya Sharma', 'Clearstream', 'R7aNtJ7qG0', 'Fintech', 'Paytech', 'FFnews']",2022-11-04,2022-11-07,Unknown
12663,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Priya Sharma  Head of Client Connectivity &amp; Data at @Clearstream talks to Ali Paterson about how regulatory scrutin… https://t.co/Ah6FEgx1tY,nan,Priya Sharma  Head of Client Connectivity &amp; Data at @Clearstream talks to Ali Paterson about how regulatory scrutin… https://t.co/Ah6FEgx1tY,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Priya Sharma', 'Client Connectivity', 'Ali Paterson', 'regulatory scrutin', 'Head', 'Data', 'Ah6FEgx1tY', 'Priya Sharma', 'Client Connectivity', 'Ali Paterson', 'regulatory scrutin', 'Head', 'Data', 'Ah6FEgx1tY']",2022-11-04,2022-11-07,Unknown
12664,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse TV Antenna  35+ Miles Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls and Windows  12… https://t.co/YyicAC1vPP,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse TV Antenna  35+ Miles Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls and Windows  12… https://t.co/YyicAC1vPP,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse TV Antenna', '35+ Miles Range', 'Antennas', 'Directional', 'Grips', 'Walls', 'Windows', 'YyicAC1vPP', 'ClearStream Eclipse TV Antenna', '35+ Miles Range', 'Antennas', 'Directional', 'Grips', 'Walls', 'Windows', 'YyicAC1vPP']",2022-11-04,2022-11-07,Unknown
12666,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - 1H: DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. is part of a very strong bearish trend. Traders may consider tra… https://t.co/9JkMHznC5V,nan,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - 1H: DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. is part of a very strong bearish trend. Traders may consider tra… https://t.co/9JkMHznC5V,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['strong bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N.', '1H', 'part', 'Traders', '9JkMHznC5V', 'strong bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N.', '1H', 'part', 'Traders', '9JkMHznC5V']",2022-11-04,2022-11-07,Unknown
12667,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/VLiizWokPS,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/VLiizWokPS,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'VLiizWokPS', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'VLiizWokPS']",2022-11-04,2022-11-07,Unknown
12668,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/wjcIXrDYJC,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/wjcIXrDYJC,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-04,2022-11-07,Unknown
12754,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,China purchases of UST  direct and thru Euroclear  Belgium... https://t.co/mKfWSGe5sO,nan,China purchases of UST  direct and thru Euroclear  Belgium... https://t.co/mKfWSGe5sO,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['China purchases', 'thru Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'China purchases', 'thru Euroclear', 'Belgium']",2022-11-06,2022-11-07,Unknown
12755,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/szrtOvIobs,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/szrtOvIobs,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-06,2022-11-07,Unknown
12756,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@davidmwessel China is widely thought to have started using euroclear in Belgium as the custodian for a portion of… https://t.co/dgDIrb5mIE,nan,@davidmwessel China is widely thought to have started using euroclear in Belgium as the custodian for a portion of… https://t.co/dgDIrb5mIE,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['davidmwessel China', 'euroclear', 'Belgium', 'custodian', 'portion', 'davidmwessel China', 'euroclear', 'Belgium', 'custodian', 'portion']",2022-11-06,2022-11-07,Unknown
12759,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4553817-hexagon-composites-asa-hxgcf-q3-2022-earnings-call-transcript,Hexagon Composites ASA (HXGCF) Q3 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,Hexagon Composites ASA (OTCPK:HXGCF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 3  2022 3:30 AM ETCompany ParticipantsKaren Romer - SVP  CommunicationsJon Engeset - Group President &...,"Hexagon Composites ASA (OTCPK:HXGCF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 3  2022 3:30 AM ETCompany ParticipantsKaren Romer - SVP  CommunicationsJon Engeset - Group President & CEODavid Bandele - CFOConference Call ParticipantsHans-Erik Jacobsen - Nordea MarketsKaren RomerGood morning  and welcome to Hexagon Composites Q3 Results Presentation. Very happy to have you here. My name is Karen Romer  I'm the SVP of Communications for Hexagon. And joining me here in the auditorium in Oslo will be Jon Engeset  our CEO; and David Bandele  our CFO  who will be presenting the results to you in a few moments.I just want to point out that if you -- for our webcast audience  you are invited to submit questions throughout the presentation and then they will -- the questions will be taken at the end. And the same here  there will be a question-and-answer session for those in studio at the end of the presentation.So without any further ado  I'll turn over the stage to Jon Erik.Jon EngesetThank you  Karen  and good morning  everyone. Q3 was another quarter of strong growth for the Hexagon Group  42% year-over-year. However  it was also a quarter of continued challenges in our supply chain with high cost of production impacting our margins. We see particular growth momentum now in the infrastructure-related business with significant new orders for mobile pipeline  for renewable natural gas and hydrogen distribution systems and mobile refueling systems on the Hexagon Purus site . Also our smallest daughter  but very pretty and very smart  Hexagon Digital Wave  continues its strong growth in the quarter.Hexagon remains about driving energy transformation and year-to-date  we have enabled the avoidance of 935 000 metric tonnes of CO2 equivalents. Financially  if you look at Hexagon  excluding Purus  we had a top line of NOK 1.080 billion  delivering an EBITDA of NOK 68 million. So that's up from NOK 848 million revenue last year and NOK 110 million in EBITDA. So that shows the impact of the supply chain challenges that I mentioned.Hexagon Purus more than doubled its revenue from NOK 103 million last year to NOK 222 million  with an EBITDA of minus NOK 92 million  which is necessary to continue the scale-up of the organization and the ramp-up of the production system to meet the very strong growth expected in the near years.So on a consolidated basis  top line of NOK 1 243 000 000 billion  up from NOK 875 million last year and an EBITDA consolidated of minus NOK 24 million. So the -- as you understand  operating conditions remain challenging and continued very high cost of raw materials and components and  at least  energy.And on top of that  we experienced shortage delays that create considerable problems to run a smooth and lean operation. However  we are countering this with profitability measures  some of them implemented and take effect already from Q4. And we see the external side of this easing going into 2023. Some external reports indicate that the worst should behind us when we come into Q2 next year.And that's important because we are going to grow this business strongly in the years ahead  encouraged by manufacturers  not least by the very strong governmental support from most important countries and regions in the world  not least from the European Commission and from the U.S. government.In Europe  we  together with our friends in the European Biogas Association  we have formed what's called the Biomethane Industry Partnership with the European Commission. And the purpose of that is to establish the link between the REPowerEU program with its biomethane ambitions and the transportation sector. And also  we expect the commission early next year to propose the new heavy-duty emission regulations. And we are optimistic that  that regulation will focus on the well to wheel as opposed to the tailpipe emission. And that is very important because that will then favor RNG as the most environmentally friendly alternative fuel  short  medium and long-term.And then on the U.S. side  the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law on the 16th of August. Also very important  it will increase the incentives for RNG development. It will give more predictability and visibility and  at least  it will make RNG equally treated with other alternative fuels like batteries and hydrogen as examples.And that will further stimulate the development of RNG. There is already a very strong activity in the area  especially in the U.S. So the mid graph here shows the growth of RNG resources over the last few years. And you see that there are a number of new projects under construction or at the planning stage  which will further double the sector in the near term. And we see energy majors having entered this space in earnest. For example  the BP transaction acquisition of Archaea Energy recently at a value of USD 4.1 billion. So it's becoming a big business in the U.S. and Europe is about to follow suit.And that's very important for the transportation sector  obviously  because this energy will be made available not only to the transportation sector  but to the transportation sector as one of the hard to rebate industrial areas for decarbonization. Already in the U.S.  64% of natural gas for transportation is renewable and that has grown substantially over the last few years. And we expect that when we get the 2022 numbers  that percentage will have gone up even further.Another very  very important development for us is the launch of Cummins 15-liter engine. The largest engine on the market today is the 12-liter engine  which is sufficient for medium long haul. But when you want to haul  for example  across the Rocky Mountains  that engine is simply not strong enough. That means that it's only 1/3 of the U.S. truck market  which has been addressable so far.But with the 15-liter launch  for all practical purposes  the whole heavy-duty truck market is -- or will become addressable  representing more than 300 000 trucks per year on average. And this engine is the first  which is specifically made for natural gas and has superior fuel economy and efficiency. So this is a real game changer.That said  we don't expect the whole market to adopt renewable natural gas  but we do expect a significant share  up from around 2% today to -- in our estimates  10% to 15%. You will see that external analysts and some of our industry peers  they actually assume higher level. That's why we've included the high . But we think it's prudent to assume that the industry will need some years in order to fully get prepared for this transition and to build out the supply chain.But the infrastructure is already there. The technology is there. So this is not technology for the future. This is already a technology used  to a major extent  by leading transportation firms. So this is why we have indicated a doubling of revenue in the next 3 years in this business.And we are very well-positioned to play a core role in this transition to RNG. First  on the mobile pipeline side  where we enable the transportation from stranded sources  very often in agricultural areas  removed from the fixed pipeline grids. Or as mobile refueling modules where we can supply directly to the fleets and then systems and technology to the fleets themselves. So excellent growth prospects for agility in the coming years.Moving to our other businesses. Hexagon Digital Wave  acquired late 2018  had the revenue of $2 million to $3 million. We have invested in the organization and fully commercialized the technology now and we are at the early stage of strong growth in this business. It is complementary to the hardware business that we run through Hexagon Agility and Hexagon peers  enabling the customers to extend the life of the systems  improved safety  but also a lot of information that they currently cannot collect. And in sum  this will drive down the total cost of ownership for the fleets. So this is a differentiator and a business  which will be a core part or our development of our offering in the coming years.Also for Hexagon Ragasco's growth  smart cylinders is very  very court. So we've talked about the development project. Now this project is ready for field testing  which will happen in 2023. And then we expect to launch it commercially latest in 2024.Some good end user features  but more importantly  this will help the distribution companies to make their operations more efficient. And that  we think  will allow us to penetrate markets where we today are the niche player in a more comprehensive way.And last but not least  Hexagon Purus  really on track to deliver on its very ambitious growth plans. So far this year  LTM revenues of NOK 850 million  a strong order book for next year  good line of sight for the following years. So we are on track to deliver NOK 4 billion to NOK 5 billion in this business in 2025 when we expect to be the year where we turn the corner from EBITDA negativity to starting delivering EBITDA in the whole business. Already in the distribution part of the business  we are now EBITDA-positive.So with that  I invite David to talk more about the financials and the outlook.David BandeleThank you  Jon Erik. Beautiful autumnal colors there. So let's go straight into the highlights. Q3 2022. It's very much the same theme as the first half of the year  very strong top line performance  while Jon Erik covered the supply chain disruption and input price inflation continue to weigh on margins  particularly in the Hexagon Agility segment.And leading off with Hexagon Agility  a very strong NOK 930 million in revenue for 25% revenue growth overall. In the heavy and medium-duty sector  that's where you have the low margins  and that's due to the fact that price rises due in 2023 are lagging the severe input cost increases. However  happy to see that there are higher margins now being achieved in mobile pipeline as higher prices now start kicking in for the second half of the year.Hexagon Ragasco posted NOK 119 million in revenue for 38% revenue growth  so very good performance there. And of course  Ragasco even since 1st of April  have managed to contain the material price inflation with higher sales prices to customers very successfully. We still have high energy costs  though  particularly here in Norway  and they continue to temporarily ray down on margins.For Digital Wave  as Jon Erik mentioned  fantastic momentum continues  NOK 30 million in revenues for 58% revenue growth  this time driven mostly by the module acoustic technology services revenue streams and also with those volumes  a positive EBITDA.And for Purus  our publicly listed subsidiary. As Jon Engeset covered doubling revenue with 2022 guidance on track. And our ownership piece  remember is currently valued at NOK 3.9 billion. So on the revenue for Hexagon  excluding Purus  that was NOK 1 080 million versus NOK 848 million same period last year.And if we look at the EBITDA  you can see that from last year  we delivered 13% margin. And this year  it's 6%. So 7 percentage points down year-over-year. And the main factors are: one  we don't have the same productivity through our factories  particularly in the U.S. with these disruptions; two  there's actually some negative mix year-over-year. We've done a higher proportion of medium-duty trucks where we have less content than the heavy duty. So you can read that as less margins. But the big one is the input cost price inflation  which currently is not covered by the sales prices.And when you look at that bar to the right  what we've tried to do is keep the mix of sales that we achieved in Q3 '22  but attached the price increases that have been agreed with customers that kick in  in 2023. And when we adjust for that  we can see that there is a significant increase in margins of 4 percentage points.And digging further into Agility we see that 25% revenue growth year-over-year to NOK 930 million. Again  strong medium- and heavy-duty truck markets and also mobile pipeline. And then the EBITDA  you can see the spread between this year and last year  5 percentage margin points versus the 13  has also widened as the issues are contained mainly to Agility.And that margin pressure  just to dig a little bit deeper into it is elevated carbon fiber prices. So while some components prices might be leveling off  of course  prices to us are still stable  but carbon fiber has increased and will continue to increase also in Q4.We talked about the industry-wide disruptions and suboptimal efficiency. But also  let's not forget that the light-duty vehicle volumes are still very low and negative year-over-year given the situation with Volkswagen there.So when we look at the revenue strip -- revenue split  sorry  40%  so very strong truck. That's the theme for the whole of the year. But happy to see transit bus increase to 17% of share and also refuse truck  healthy and increasing to 13% of the share  whereas mobile pipeline continues to be very strong at 22%. The rest of the 7% is actually mainly cylinder sales to Hexagon Purus. We saw that marvelous growth there  particularly in the distribution modules and Agility currently contract manufacturers cylinders for Purus there  and that's the majority of the 7%.So what we try to show is that we have very diversified revenue streams within Hexagon Agility supporting the critical infrastructure and also decarbonization targets of municipalities and commercial fleets in North America and Europe.So Ragasco  Q3 is a seasonally low quarter for volumes. We come off the heavy push for the summer season in the first half of the year for barbecue and leisure activities. We also have manufacturing shutdowns  so a significant manufacturing shutdown in the summer period  but very pleased with the growth there year-over-year of NOK 119 million versus NOK 86 million in revenues. And Ragasco continues to really develop more and more markets. They started small but they grow over time. And we had additional sales into Middle East and African markets  in particular  adding to the volume growth. And I think Ragasco are now at over 100 countries sold. So great stuff there.Positive margin development year-over-year is good to see. So recording a 7% margin versus the 5% same quarter last year. So we've got better scale from the volumes  while  again  the prices offset the material cost increases. The delta that we're absorbing on energy cost for the quarter  higher energy cost is around about NOK 4 million year-over-year.So Ragasco continues to be a very resilient business with multiple introductory and repeat emerging market orders  in addition to their core customer base. For Digital Wave  momentum continues. So highest quarter of the year  NOK 30 million versus the NOK 19 million  same period last year for 58% and profitable revenue growth as we see a slight positive EBITDA margin as well. It's been a healthy mix of product and business services products in the ultrasonic examination. These are machines that our large customers using their factories usually to test metal-based cylinders.And on the services side  we see this increasingly adoption of inspection and requalification activities. In culminating also just recently  Hexagon Digital Wave announced a $2 million order with a long-term key customer in the mobile pipeline applications.So as we go into the group  we have covered the left-hand side  the Hexagon  excluding Purus results. Purus recorded NOK 222 million in revenues and minus NOK 92 million and a cost of growth and EBITDA. And of course  as Jon Erik has pointed out  when you screen as at group level  you will see then a slight negative EBITDA with Purus dilution over the composite cash-generating businesses.But as we summarize Q3  we have strong demand  Hexagon Agility  seasonally low volumes for Hexagon Ragasco but with profitable growth  strong momentum for Hexagon Digital Wave and Purus remains on track for its growth targets.Balance sheet. Not a lot happened except currency movements. They've been quite severe quarter-over-quarter so versus last quarter. So most of that rise in the assets and liabilities to do with the relative weighting of NOK versus U.S. dollar. So U.S. dollar is appreciated. But otherwise  we closed the group with NOK 700 million in cash on the balance sheet and equity ratio of 46%.And when we look at our leverage  this looks at the Hexagon  excluding Purus  on the bottom. Recall in Q1  we had a large participation in Purus capital raise  which temporarily then lifted leverage  but we have stabilized that leverage over these quarters. And as we end Q3 2022  we have committed financing facilities over NOK 2 billion and available liquidity then of NOK 600 million going into the next quarter.And on the full year guidance  should be no surprises here. We did have a trading update on 14th October  and what that update covered is  first and foremost  the reason for it  you can say that profitability forecasting at the moment is extremely challenging because of this disruptive and inflationary environment. So trying to predict how our costs move through the P&L from inventory is very challenging in this environment.Saying that  we don't see any issues on our revenue. So those -- there was no re-guidance on revenues. However  on the EBITDA  we reguided to NOK 325 million approximately. Again  it's challenging to give an exact figure  but that's a midpoint of a range of  we would say  plus or minus  5%.And some of the factors that affect getting a more positive result will be those profitability initiatives and how good they can be or what sort of return we can get in Q4. And at the same time  we can hope for some easing of the supply chains  but there can also be surprises. So we continue to manage that situation very tightly.And on that note  I'll give it back to Jon Erik.Jon EngesetThank you  David. So in summary then  healthy demand  very strong growth  continued challenging operating conditions impacting our profitability  unfortunately  but strong long-term drivers in the form of government commitments  regulatory support  primarily for us in the U.S. and in Europe  but also in other regions. So we remain confident in our 2025 revenue targets of NOK 6 billion for the Hexagon business excluding Purus  and the Purus business at NOK 4 billion to NOK 5 billion as we have communicated in the several previous quarters.So with that  I think we are open for some questions.Karen RomerSo we have a few questions that come in from the webcast. But is there anybody. Yes  we have 1 here in the audience. Elena will bring you a microphone.Question-and-Answer SessionQ - Hans-Erik JacobsenHans-Erik Jacobsen  Nordea. On the ongoing logistical issues  are you in any way able to offset that in any way  anything you can do in order to improve the situation or is it entirely up to your sub-suppliers?Jon EngesetThere are always things we can do  and we certainly work on that and developing new suppliers. Of course  that takes a bit of time. But I think what has surprised us and I think a lot of other industry players  it's not only the main categories. It's little nuts and bolts  components  replacement from machinery  small components in our systems that have been considered marginal.But of course  enough to cause delays in deliveries  et cetera. So I think we and most other industry -- companies will need to rethink the whole supply chain  become less dependent on deliveries from far away suppliers  potentially buffering more safety inventories  that sort of thing. And we are in the midst of all of that  but we keep getting new surprises. So as David pointed out  it is a bit unpredictable  unfortunately.Karen RomerDo we have any other questions here in the audience? So I'll take a webcast question. ""David  do you see any upside potential for 2022?""David BandeleAs I mentioned  I think the key one -- I mean one is we can control  you can say  are the profitability initiatives. So there is upside potential there.Karen RomerOkay. Jon Erik  ""How elastic is the demand for your overall portfolio in a recession scenario?""Jon EngesetSo the scenario which we are potentially facing now is  of course  to a major extent  driven by the energy crisis in Europe and that actually will stimulate demand for our solutions. So that part  I think  is elastic for us  but in a positive way. Then  on the other hand  with very high energy prices  we should expect the transit bus demand in Europe to suffer. And also  we've seen in previous recessions that the overall truck demand is among the markets that indicate a downturn early  and we should also be prepared for that in our business.Karen RomerOkay. On the mobile pipeline front  Jon Erik  ""You just announced an order for mobile pipeline. What do you see is the overall potential for Mobile Pipeline in Europe?""Jon EngesetSo 5  6 years ago  we had steady sales of mobile pipelines in euros -- Europe. We call it the X-STORE  it's the brand of the module that we sell here. In recent years  we've had very  very little sales. Now we have inquiries every day. We have then a challenge because we are maxed out capacity-wise. So we're now considering various ways of ramping up the systems assembly capacity soon enough in order to service this market.So with a bit of time  we will  of course  solve it  but we are looking for solutions to be able to deliver to our customers also in the short term. And we see the same on the hydrogen side. We are sold out for hydrogen distribution modules for the full year of 2023 and that is coming out of the facility that we acquired in Germany  the Wystrach acquisition that we made around a year ago in that part of our business.Karen RomerOkay. Moving on to Hexagon Purus. ""Do you plan to reduce your stake in Hexagon Purus? And if yes  do you plan to stay above 50% in the long run? Or could you go lower?""Jon EngesetSo I think we've been consistent on this particular question since we launched Purus on -- Euronext -- EuroGrowth in December 2020 that we see our ownership being diluted over time. And also  we want to retain a significant stake in the company  but not necessarily a majority. And obviously  we see some advantages of being able to deconsolidate Purus from the profitable sections of our portfolio because it's a complicated message to explain that we have these 3 business areas that are profit-making. And then we have Hexagon Purus  which is at an earlier stage of maturity. But we want to do it in the most value-creative way and make sure that Purus is set up for success as we then probably will reduce our relative ownership over time.Karen RomerOkay. How are we doing on questions in this audience? Okay. I think this is for you  David. ""Good morning. Measured on a 9-month results  on 9-month results  your gross margin is 7% points lower in 2022 versus '21. How big are the price increases you have implemented? For example  will they make the gross margin improve 7% points in second half 2023?""David BandeleYes. I think I'm trying to explain that it's not just the material cost impact to margins  and we looked at the EBITDA margin effect earlier. Looking at Q3 in isolation  that clearly shows that we can return to reasonable double-digit margins with the price increases. But then what about the productivity? And that's something that we've suffered year-over-year as a secondary effect of these disruptions. So yes  we will be looking at getting back to normalize the margins as we get through this quite exceptional period.Karen RomerOkay. Looking a little farther ahead. ""In light of your claims of high growth in 2024 and your revenue target of NOK 5 billion to NOK 6 billion in '25 billion. What is the associated EBITDA to that revenue target?""David BandeleWe haven't guided on EBITDA for the 5-year picture even from the start. And of course  in this environment  it's difficult enough guiding for EBITDA as you've seen just for full year '22.Karen RomerAnd the continuation of that...David BandeleBut I will say that  at the same time  we started that guidance  which was January 2021 at the Capital Markets Day  we hold by it. We also said there are 3 basic financial requirements in Hexagon  excluding Purus  one is 15% growth annualized that will achieve that doubling of revenues. The other one is that we're still holding to chasing 15% EBITDA margin. We're still behind on that  but we closed 2021 at 12%. And we expect then with this 15-liter engine  you will see the volume inflection  particularly from 2024. And then the third financial item was the steady state  3x leverage  which  of course  will come easily as profits increase with those volumes.Karen RomerOkay. And continuing related to that  ""Where do you see the growth coming from?"" Yes.David BandeleThat 15-liter engine is a key one. So obviously  today  the automotive business is -- in total is about 60% of our revenues. And when you think that the addressable market is going to triple from that point in time  it's kind of gets me happy. So yes  go ahead  Jon Erik.Jon EngesetNo  I just want to say  but in addition to that  we also now see much stronger growth potential for distribution and infrastructure-related solutions as a consequence of the energy situation in Europe and elsewhere in the world. So that is on top of the expected growth in the trucking volumes.Karen RomerAnother question  I think  for you  David  ""Could you elaborate a little on the positive EBITDA effect from corporate eliminations?""David BandeleThat's technical  so I can take that offline  but it's  of course  when the results get worse  the LTIPs are accounted for in Central. So there are associated credits against that with the worst performance. But also  Jon Erik alluded to mobile pipeline that generates a royalty back to the center. And of course  sales have been very large there and of course  more credits in the corporate functions. But I can go into more detail later.Karen RomerAnd then we also have a question referring to your chart on RNG infrastructure and what you provide there  how much of that infrastructure is common to hydrogen and will be used if and when green hydrogen is available  and then has a PS. Can the 15-liter Cummins engine also be used for hydrogen combustion engine?Jon EngesetGood questions. So to take the last question first. So Cummins has actually prepared the same block and essentially the same engine for hydrogen combustion purpose. So it will be interesting to see if that demand will develop. And to the first question. So in principle  the hydrogen distribution modules are mobile pipeline modules for hydrogen. So it's the same concept.You stack cylinders  high-pressure cylinders inside a container. You add to that all the piping and the valves and the steering systems and you have a very  very efficient solution for transportation of gas under pressure from the source to the users.The demand is a little bit different on the 2 sides for RNG. It is from stranded resources to often  the grid  while for now in most areas  there is no grid for hydrogen. So on the hydrogen side  it is for now the solution to transport from production. For example  at the windmill farm to the users.Karen RomerVery good. I do not have any further questions from the web audience. Is there anything in the room? No. But then I think we have concluded the results presentation for Q3. Thank you very much.Jon EngesetThank you.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.03,0.49,True,English,"['Hexagon Composites ASA', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'environmentally friendly alternative fuel', 'Hexagon Composites Q3 Results Presentation', 'Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'new heavy-duty emission regulations', 'Conference Call Participants', 'other alternative fuels', 'Hexagon Composites ASA', 'significant new orders', 'renewable natural gas', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'BP transaction acquisition', 'mobile refueling systems', 'Hexagon Digital Wave', 'European Biogas Association', 'strong governmental support', 'particular growth momentum', 'hydrogen distribution systems', 'U.S. government', 'supply chain challenges', 'U.S. side', 'Hexagon Purus site', 'NOK 848 million revenue', 'tailpipe emission', 'new projects', 'Company Participants', 'continued challenges', 'mobile pipeline', 'external side', 'Hexagon Group', 'strong growth', 'strong activity', 'Jon Engeset', 'Group President', 'David Bandele', 'Hans-Erik Jacobsen', 'Nordea Markets', 'webcast audience', 'answer session', 'Jon Erik', 'good morning', 'high cost', 'smallest daughter', '935,000 metric tonnes', 'CO2 equivalents', 'consolidated basis', 'operating conditions', 'raw materials', 'shortage delays', 'considerable problems', 'lean operation', 'profitability measures', 'external reports', 'important countries', 'European Commission', 'REPowerEU program', 'biomethane ambitions', 'mid graph', 'near term', 'Karen Romer', 'infrastructure-related business', 'top line', 'transportation sector', 'big business', 'energy transformation', 'energy majors', 'Archaea Energy', 'production system', 'planning stage', 'RNG resources', 'near years', 'RNG development', 'minus NOK', 'HXGCF', 'SVP', 'Communications', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'name', 'auditorium', 'Oslo', 'moments', 'questions', 'studio', 'ado', 'everyone', 'quarter', 'margins', 'avoidance', 'EBITDA', 'impact', 'scale-up', 'organization', 'ramp-up', 'components', 'smooth', 'effect', 'Q4.', 'easing', 'Q2', 'manufacturers', 'regions', 'world', 'friends', 'purpose', 'link', 'well', 'medium', 'long-term', 'law', '16th', 'August', 'incentives', 'predictability', 'visibility', 'batteries', 'examples', 'area', 'last', 'number', 'construction', 'space', 'earnest', 'value', 'suit']",2022-11-06,2022-11-07,seekingalpha.com
12765,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221106005080/en/PMHH-Is-Pleased-to-Complete-Its-Offer-for-Swedish-Match-and-Become-the-Owner-of-82.59-of-the-Shares-Extends-the-Offer-Period-and-Adjusts-the-Price-for-Future-Tenders-Due-to-the-Scheduled-Dividend,PMHH Is Pleased to Complete Its Offer for Swedish Match and Become the Owner of 82.59% of the Shares; Extends the Offer Period; and Adjusts the Price for Future Tenders Due to the Scheduled Dividend,BERGEN-OP-ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislatio…,"BERGEN-OP-ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law. Shareholders not resident in Sweden who wish to accept the Offer (as defined below) must make inquiries concerning applicable legislation and possible tax consequences. Shareholders should refer to the offer restrictions included in the section titled “Important information” at the end of this announcement and in the offer document  which has been published on the Offer website (www.smokefree-offer.com). Shareholders in the United States should also refer to the section entitled “Special notice to shareholders in the United States” at the end of this announcement.On May 11  2022  Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V.1 (“PMHH”)  an affiliate of Philip Morris International Inc. (“PMI”)  announced a recommended public offer to the shareholders of Swedish Match AB (“Swedish Match”) to tender all shares in Swedish Match2 to PMHH (the “Offer”). On October 20  2022  PMHH increased the price in the Offer from SEK 106 to SEK 116 in cash per share  and announced that it will not further increase the price in the Offer. On October 25  2022  PMHH announced that it had received all necessary approvals from authorities and that this condition for completion of the Offer had been satisfied. PMHH has decided to waive the acceptance level condition3 and to complete the Offer and acquire all shares in Swedish Match that have been tendered in the Offer. PMHH has also decided to further extend the acceptance period until November 25  2022  and informs the Swedish Match shareholders that the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period will be reduced to SEK 115.07 in cash per share due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share for shareholders of record as of November 14  2022. Since the Offer is now unconditional  shareholders who have accepted the Offer  or will accept the Offer  have no right to withdraw acceptances.The shares tendered in the Offer at the end of the acceptance period (which expired on November 4  2022) amount to in aggregate 1 255 945 656 shares in Swedish Match  corresponding to approximately 82.59 percent4 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match.The completion of the Offer has been conditional upon  inter alia  the Offer being accepted to such extent that PMHH becomes the owner of shares representing more than 90 percent of the total number of outstanding shares in Swedish Match (on a fully diluted basis)5 (the “acceptance level condition”). As set forth in the offer document regarding the Offer made public on June 28  2022 (the “Offer Document”)  and as further advertised in the press release issued by PMHH on October 28  2022  PMHH had reserved the right to waive  in whole or in part  one or more of the conditions set out in the Offer Document (including  with respect to the acceptance level condition  in order to complete the Offer at a lower level of acceptance).PMHH has decided to waive the acceptance level condition and to complete the Offer. Accordingly  as all other conditions for completion of the Offer have been satisfied  the Offer is declared unconditional and PMHH will acquire all shares in Swedish Match that have been tendered in the Offer. Settlement for shares tendered in the Offer up to and including November 4  2022  is expected to be initiated  around November 11  2022.“We are pleased that 82.59% of Swedish Match shareholders  including - we believe - the top 10 shareholders  have tendered their shares at the best and final price of SEK 116 per share. This achievement of a high controlling stake should allow us to harness the strategic potential of the transaction  including anticipated revenue synergies ” said Jacek Olczak  Chief Executive Officer of PMI.“We are today extending the acceptance period until November 25 to allow those shareholders who have not tendered - including outstanding index funds - additional time to accept the offer  while waiving the 90% acceptance condition to provide certainty to those shareholders who have already tendered. Our objective is to delist the shares of Swedish Match from the stock market after reaching an ownership of more than 90%; we therefore encourage the remaining retail and other institutional shareholders to tender in the extended time.”“We look forward to welcoming Swedish Match’s employees and leading oral nicotine portfolio into the PMI family to create a global smoke-free champion  notably bringing IQOS and ZYN together in both the U.S. and international markets. We will be working together to create value as we accelerate towards our shared vision of a smoke-free future.”Following the expected settlement of the shares already tendered on November 11  2022  PMI expects to consolidate Swedish Match’s results from this date onwards.To provide the remaining shareholders of Swedish Match who have not tendered their shares time to accept the Offer  the acceptance period will be further extended until November 25  2022 at 17.00 (CET). Settlement for shares tendered in the Offer during the further extended acceptance period is expected to be initiated  around December 2  2022. Due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share with record date for the payment on November 14  2022  and expected date for payment through Euroclear Sweden on November 17  2022  the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period will  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer6  be reduced accordingly to SEK 115.07 in cash per share. For further information regarding Swedish Match’s resolution on dividends at the annual general meeting 2022  please refer to Swedish Match’s website  www.swedishmatch.com.PMHH reserves the right to further extend the acceptance period for the Offer  as well as to postpone the settlement date  provided however  that settlement shall in any event be made within 7 business days following the expiration of the acceptance period. PMHH will announce any extension of the acceptance period and/or postponement of the settlement date by a press release in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Prior to the announcement of the Offer  neither PMHH nor any closely related companies or closely related parties owned or otherwise controlled any shares in Swedish Match or other financial instruments that give financial exposure to Swedish Match’s shares  nor has PMHH or any closely related companies or closely related parties acquired any shares in Swedish Match or other financial instruments that give financial exposure to Swedish Match’s shares outside the Offer. To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  PMHH and its affiliates may acquire  or take measures to acquire  shares in Swedish Match in other ways than through the Offer. Information about such acquisitions of shares  or measures to acquire shares  will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Since the Offer is now unconditional  shareholders who have accepted the Offer  or will accept the Offer  have no right to withdraw acceptances.PMHH will continue to strive towards an ownership in Swedish Match of more than 90 percent of the total number of shares in Swedish Match7 and thereafter initiate compulsory redemption of the remaining shares in Swedish Match under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  as well as promote a delisting of Swedish Match’s shares from Nasdaq Stockholm. For further information on the implications of PMHH’s ownership of less than 90 percent of the total number of registered shares in Swedish Match  PMHH refers shareholders of Swedish Match to the description thereof included in the section of the Offer Document entitled “Important notice to shareholders in the United States of America”.For administrative questions regarding the Offer  please contact your bank or the nominee registered as holder of your shares.The information was submitted for publication on November 7  2022 at 7.30 a.m. (CET).Information about the Offerwww.smokefree-offer.comImportant informationThis press release has been published in Swedish and English. In the event of any discrepancy in content between the two language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law (each a “Restricted Jurisdiction”). This offer constitutes an ""exempt take-over bid"" for purpose of applicable Canadian securities laws and shareholders resident in Canada are entitled to participate in the Offer on the same terms as shareholders in other applicable jurisdictions.The release  publication  or distribution of this press release in or into jurisdictions other than Sweden may be restricted by law  and therefore any persons who are subject to the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction other than Sweden should inform themselves about and observe any applicable requirements. In particular  the ability of persons who are not resident in Sweden to accept the Offer may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws and regulations of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  the companies and persons involved in the Offer disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person.This announcement has been prepared for the purpose of complying with Swedish law  the Takeover Rules  and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this press release had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than Sweden.Unless otherwise determined by PMHH or required by Swedish law  the Takeover Rules and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and permitted by applicable law and regulation  the Offer will not be made available  directly or indirectly  in  into  or from a Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would violate the laws and regulations in that jurisdiction  and no person may accept the Offer by any use  means  or instrumentality (including  but not limited to  facsimile  email  or other electronic transmission  telex  or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facility of a national  state  or other securities exchange of any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and the Offer may not be capable of acceptance by any such use  means  instrumentality  or facilities. Accordingly  copies of this press release and any formal documentation relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly  mailed or otherwise forwarded  distributed  or sent in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and persons receiving such documents (including custodians  nominees  and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute  or send them in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction.The availability of the Offer to shareholders of Swedish Match who are not resident in and citizens of Sweden may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are respectively located or of which they are citizens. Persons who are not resident in or citizens of Sweden should inform themselves of  and abide by  any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdictions.The Offer and the information and documents contained in this press release are not being made and have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  the information and documents contained in this press release are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom  unless an exemption applies. The communication of the information and documents contained in this press release is exempt from the restriction on financial promotions under section 21 of the FSMA on the basis that it is a communication by or on behalf of a body corporate that relates to a transaction to acquire day-to-day control of the affairs of a body corporate or to acquire 50 percent or more of the voting shares in a body corporate  within article 62 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005.This press release contains statements relating to future status or circumstances  including statements regarding remaining transactional steps and requirements and the ultimate success of the acquisition  that are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may generally  but not always  be identified by the use of words such as “anticipates ” “intends ” “expects ” “believes ” or similar expressions  and include  without limitation  the statements made by Mr. Jacek Olczak. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to many factors  many of which are outside the control of PMI and PMHH. Any such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and PMI and PMHH have no obligation (and undertake no such obligation) to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise  except for in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Merrill Lynch International (“BofA Securities”) and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“Citi”)  which are authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated in the U.K. by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA  are acting as financial advisers for PMHH and for no one else in connection with the Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than PMHH for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or for providing advice in connection with the Offer or any other matters referred to in this announcement. Neither BofA Securities  Citi  nor any of their respective affiliates  directors  or employees owes or accepts any duty  liability  or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect  consequential  whether in contract  in tort  in delict  under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of BofA Securities or Citi  respectively  in connection with this announcement  any statement contained herein  the Offer  or otherwise.Special notice to shareholders in the United StatesThe Offer described in this press release is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Swedish Match  a company incorporated under Swedish law  and is subject to Swedish disclosure and procedural requirements  which may be different from those of the United States. In the United States  the Offer will also be made in accordance with certain provisions of the United States federal securities laws  to the extent applicable  including Section 14(e) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended  and Regulation 14E thereunder (“Regulation 14E”); provided that PMHH has requested  and the Division of Corporation Finance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) has granted  relief exempting the Offer from certain requirements of Regulation 14E in order to align aspects of the Offer in which Swedish laws and market practice conflict with U.S. federal securities laws. Accordingly  the disclosure and procedures regarding the Offer  including with respect to withdrawal rights  the Offer timetable  notices of extensions  announcements of results  settlement procedures (including as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered)  and waivers of conditions  may be different from requirements or customary practices in relation to U.S. domestic tender offers. Holders of the shares of Swedish Match domiciled or resident in the United States (the “U.S. Holders”) are encouraged to consult with their advisers regarding the Offer.Swedish Match’s financial statements and all financial information included herein  or any other documents relating to the Offer  have been or will be prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of companies in the United States or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Offer is made to the U.S. Holders on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Swedish Match to whom the Offer is being made. Any information documents  including the offer document  are being disseminated to U.S. Holders on a basis comparable to the method pursuant to which such documents are provided to Swedish Match’s other shareholders.The U.S. Holders should consider that the price for the Offer is being paid in SEK and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.It may be difficult for U.S. Holders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal or U.S. state securities laws in connection with the Offer  since Swedish Match and PMHH are located in countries other than the United States  and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the United States. U.S. Holders may not be able to sue Swedish Match or PMHH or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel Swedish Match or PMHH and/or their respective affiliates to subject themselves to the jurisdiction or judgment of a U.S. court.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  and in reliance on relief granted by the SEC exempting the Offer from certain of the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under Regulation 14E  PMHH and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers’ affiliates (acting as agents for PMHH or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time and during the pendency of the Offer  and other than pursuant to the Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase shares of Swedish Match outside the United States (or securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for  or exercisable for such shares). These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  and information about such purchases will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. Holders of such information  to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations. In addition  affiliates to the financial advisers to PMHH may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Swedish Match  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities as long as such purchases or arrangements comply with applicable laws and regulations. Any information about such purchases will be announced in Swedish and in an English translation available to the U.S. Holders through relevant electronic media  including the Offer website at www.smokefree-offer.com  if  and to the extent  such announcement is required under applicable Swedish or U.S. law  rules  or regulations.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. Holder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each shareholder is urged to consult an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Offer. Neither PMHH nor any of its affiliates and their respective directors  officers  employees  or agents or any other person acting on their behalf in connection with the Offer shall be responsible for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from acceptance of this Offer.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS PRESS RELEASE  OR MADE ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT OF THIS PRESS RELEASE IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE IN THE UNITED STATES.For the purposes of this press release  “United States” and “U.S.” mean the United States of America  including its territories and possessions and all states of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.",positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.31,0.44,True,English,"['Swedish Match', 'Future Tenders', 'Offer Period', 'PMHH', 'Owner', 'Shares', 'Price', 'Dividend', 'Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V', 'Philip Morris International Inc.', 'leading oral nicotine portfolio', 'possible tax consequences', 'high controlling stake', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'outstanding index funds', 'global smoke-free champion', 'acceptance level condition3', 'Swedish Match AB', 'other institutional shareholders', 'Swedish Match shareholders', 'international markets', 'lower level', '90% acceptance condition', 'smoke-free future', 'other jurisdiction', 'acceptance period', 'Swedish Match2', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Hong Kong', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'relevant jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Important information', 'United States', 'Special notice', 'necessary approvals', 'dividend payment', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'diluted basis', 'press release', 'strategic potential', 'revenue synergies', 'Jacek Olczak', 'additional time', 'stock market', 'remaining retail', 'extended time', 'U.S.', 'other conditions', 'outstanding shares', 'top 10 shareholders', 'applicable legislation', 'expected settlement', 'final price', 'PMI family', 'offer restrictions', 'offer document', 'Offer website', 'public offer', 'share capital', '1,255,945,656 shares', 'Netherlands', 'announcement', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'regulations', 'Sweden', 'inquiries', 'section', 'May', 'PMHH', 'affiliate', 'October', 'SEK', 'cash', 'authorities', 'completion', 'November', 'record', 'acceptances', 'aggregate', '82.59 percent4', 'extent', 'owner', '90 percent', 'June', 'part', 'respect', 'order', 'best', 'achievement', 'transaction', 'certainty', 'objective', 'employees', 'IQOS', 'ZYN', 'value', 'vision', 'results']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,businesswire.com
12766,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,PM Chase (UK  9.5 percent); Swedbank (Sweden  9.4 percent); UB Securities (Finland  7.9 percent); Euroclear Bank (B… https://t.co/6KGEjB2uzI,nan,PM Chase (UK  9.5 percent); Swedbank (Sweden  9.4 percent); UB Securities (Finland  7.9 percent); Euroclear Bank (B… https://t.co/6KGEjB2uzI,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['PM Chase', 'UB Securities', 'Euroclear Bank', 'UK', '9.5 percent', 'Swedbank', 'Sweden', '9.4 percent', 'Finland', '7.9 percent', 'KGEjB2uzI', 'PM Chase', 'UB Securities', 'Euroclear Bank', 'UK', '9.5 percent', 'Swedbank', 'Sweden', '9.4 percent', 'Finland', '7.9 percent', 'KGEjB2uzI']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12767,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The Most Powerful Women in Credit Unions  2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/jhY0kFUVCh #regtech,nan,The Most Powerful Women in Credit Unions  2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/jhY0kFUVCh #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Powerful Women', 'Credit Unions', 'The', 'Fintech', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Powerful Women', 'Credit Unions', 'The', 'Fintech']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12768,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,EIPP and the mobile revolution in B2B payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/IebaTaiPHe #regtech,nan,EIPP and the mobile revolution in B2B payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/IebaTaiPHe #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['mobile revolution', 'B2B payments', 'EIPP', 'Fintech', 'IebaTaiPHe', 'mobile revolution', 'B2B payments', 'EIPP', 'Fintech', 'IebaTaiPHe']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12769,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/Zh8kaeQeAg,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/Zh8kaeQeAg,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Zh8kaeQeAg', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Zh8kaeQeAg']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12770,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/blogposting/23195/swift-and-cbdc-projects-successful-experiments,SWIFT and CBDC projects: successful experiments (Carlo R.W. De Meijer),Early October SWIFT launched two publications describing the results of two important experiments  ...,Early October SWIFT launched two publications describing the results of two important experiments  one on interoperability and the other on tokenization. In these publications SWIFT has laid out its blueprint for a global central bank digital currency (CBDC) network following an 8-month experiment on different technologies and currencies.SWIFT thereby said that it had solved “one of the thorniest” problems central bank digital currency (CBDC) developers have been wrestling with: How to use them for cross-border transactions and how to create interoperability between different networks. The idea is that once scaled-up  via SWIFT’s interoperability solution banks may need only one main global connection  rather than thousands if they were to set up connections with each counterpart individually.“We see inclusivity and interoperability as central pillars of the financial ecosystem  and our innovation is a major step towards unlocking the potential of the digital future”  Tom Zschach  Chief Innovation Officer SWIFT.Let us have a deeper look!Present CBDC projects: the interoperability issueAs told in my last blog the emergence of CBDCs is gathering speed with a growing number of central banks worldwide building  studying or considering digital versions of their national currencies thereby starting to seriously map out the massive  costly infrastructure required to roll out digital currencies backed by countries. .Globally  nine out of 10 central banks are. now actively exploring into digital currencies  often using different technologies. However with a primary focus on domestic use.Many Central Banks are thereby struggling with its technological complexities including the issues of interoperability and standardisation. Few of the roughly 100 countries are working on making them interoperable via technical standards and those that are  are generally doing so in small groups with neighbouring countries and trading partners  such as in the EU.But with multiple players building different solutions  on different technology platforms  the danger is that it will result in a future digital financial ecosystem consisting of ‘digital islands’ that can’t interact with one another  which may limit large scale adoption.For the potential of CBDCs to be fully realised across borders  these digital currencies need to overcome inherent differences to interact with each other  as well as with traditional fiat currencies. That potential however can only be accomplished if the various methodologies that are being explored could unite and work together.That is why the attention of a growing number of those central bank experiments  is rapidly turning to how the CBDCs of different countries could interact when using different networks. Making CBDCs interoperable is however difficult.Two SWIFT PublicationsEarly October SWIFT launched two publications outlining how CBDCs could work in the real world  with a particular focus on cross-border payments. They thereby explored the use of a blockchain system to connect these different blockchains  something that has not been achieved in the crypto space:SWIFT views inclusivity and interoperability as central pillars of the future financial network/ecosystem. They have been looking at ways to make CBDCs work globally  making them compatible with regular currencies.In these publications SWIFT described the findings from two separate experiments that started in December 2021  demonstrating how to successfully transact between different CBDC blockchains networks as well as with traditional payment networks.Two ExperimentsSWIFT conducted two separate experiments to prove its cross-border transaction feasibility and interconnection capabilities. In the last eight months SWIFT worked with different technologies and currencies thereby cooperating with Central Banks and financial institutions worldwide.These experiments bridged assets between different distributed ledger technology (DLT) networks and existing payment systems  which allowed digital currencies and assets to flow smoothly alongside  and interact with  their traditional counterparts.These experiments are part of the company’s wide-ranging and extensive innovation agenda to provision their strategic focus on enabling instant  frictionless  and interoperable cross-border transactions for the advantage of the SWIFT community.Aims of the two separate experiments werea) solving the significant challenge of interoperability in cross-border transactions by bridging between different distributed ledger technology (DLT) networks and existing payment systems  allowing digital currencies and assets to flow smoothly alongside  and interact with  their traditional counterparts.b) as well as provide interoperability between different tokenisation platforms and existing account-based infrastructures.Ultimate aim of the two trials was to create a blueprint for CBDC usage across borders.First trial: InteroperabilityIn the first publication SWIFT released the results of the first experiment  that was aimed at looking how CBDCs could be used internationally and even converted into fiat money if needed. This in order to overcome the difficulties encountered of interoperability between different blockchains.How was the first trial set up?In this first trial SWIFT narrowly collaborated with Capgemini. They thereby carried out CBDC-to-CBDC transactions between different DLT networks  as well as fiat-to-CBDC flows between these networks and instant real-time gross settlement system. SWIFT therefor built two simulated CBDC networks  one implemented on R3 Corda  and another on Quorum  a permissioned Proof of Authority (PoA) version of Ethereum.CBDC network regulators thereby run and governed a ‘trusted DLT node’ created as part of Swift’s solution. This allowed them to have a view on transactions within the permissioned blockchain as well as its messages to the Connection Gateway. In this SWIFT implementation they lock the assets in an escrow  tell the SWIFT system it is locked  and then receive the funds from the other party.Next Steps: CBDC SandboxThe tests are followed by additional and more advanced testing environment by almost 20 commercial en central banks over the upcoming year 2023  including Banque de France  the Deutsche Bundesbank  HSBC  Intesa Sanpaolo  NatWest  SMBC  Standard Chartered  UBS and Wells FargoSWIFT has deployed the infrastructure into a running CBDC sandbox and visual interface where blockchain based central bank digital currencies (CBDC) can connect to each other globally through SWIFT  as well as connect their blockchain system to SWIFT’s more traditional ‘fiat’ system.They are now collaborating in the more advanced testing environment  thereby further experimenting with CBDCs using real time variables  to explore how its platform could interact with the cross-border use of CBDCs  assess potential use cases and wider CBDC operability  build the solution further and accelerate the path to full scale deployment of the interoperability solution.SWIFT will seek feedback through to late 2022.Second trial: tokenizationA separated second experiment was carried out in collaboration with several financial institutions and other technology partners such as Citi  Clearstream  Northern Trust  and technology partner SE.This trial involved tokenization  a measure used to secure sensitive information. The test aimed to use tokenised assets to trade property like stocks and bonds.This trial was aimed to evaluate how their existing infrastructure could be used as a single access point to multiple tokenization platformsUnder the experiment  the team explored 70 scenarios simulating real-time market issuance and secondary market transfers of tokenised bonds  equities and cash. This to mirror real-world market transfers of tokenized bonds and equities.Importance of tokenizationDigital currencies and tokens have huge potential to alter he way we will all pay and invest in the future. Though tokenisation is a relatively nascent market  the World Economic Forum has estimated it could reach $24tn by 2027.Especially when it comes to strengthening liquidity in markets and expands access to investment opportunities. The potential benefits include improved market liquidity and fractionalisation  which could increase investment opportunities for retail investors  and enable institutional investors to build stronger portfolios.But that potential can only be unleashed if the different approaches that are being explored have the ability to connect and work together. SWIFT’s existing infrastructure can ensure these benefits can be realised at the earliest opportunity  by as many people as possible.Single Connector GatewaySWIFT explored the use of a blockchain system to connect these different blockchains to facilitate cross border payments  something that has not been achieved in the crypto space.The test teams build a simulation of SWIFT’s enhanced platform and combined that with a Connector Gateway to link different CBDC and traditional payment networks at the technical level with the aim of establishing network interoperability.SWIFT’s new CBDC interlink solution will enable CBDC network operators at central banks to connect their own networks simply and directly not only with each other but all existing payment networks in the world through a single gateway  facilitating CBDC cross-border payments thereby ensuring the instant and smooth/seamless and scalable flow of cross-border payments.Main FindingsSWIFT has confirmed that the two experiments conducted in recent months have yielded positive results. The results of the trial showed:promise for cross-border interoperability among countries with varying and emerging digital ecosystems..it may solve the challenges of cross border transaction by combining different DLT networks and current payment systems. It also showed the possibility of interoperability of multiple tokenized platforms.it also showed that SWIFT’s existing infrastructure could be used to interconnect various CBDC blockchain networks around the world directly for cross border transactions  not only with each other but with existing payments platform systems via a single gateway.SWIFT thereby successfully facilitated cross-platform transactions using CBDCs through both a fiat-to-CBDC payment network and different distributed ledger technologies.these experiments also showed that it was possible for digital currencies and tokenized assets to flow smoothly alongside  and interact with  their traditional counterparts on existing legacy financial infrastructure  guaranteeing instant and effortless cross border payments.it proved that this tokenized network infrastructure could create and transfer tokens and update the balance in multiple wallets.SWIFT’s future roleIn collaboration with the community  SWIFT intends to explore its role further – both as a carrier of authenticated information about CBDC transactions  as it does today for fiat currencies  and as a carrier of actual CBDC value in whatever form it is issued.Given SWIFT’s current infrastructure  all above mentioned advantages can be realized as soon as possible. The companies scale thereby adds weight to its blueprint. SWIFT has an existing network used in over 200 countries and connects more than 11 500 banks and funds.By creating a global monetary authority digital currency network  SWIFT could thereby act as central hub and serve as a single access point to different blockchains while its infrastructure could be used to create and trade tokens across tokenization platforms.SWIFT’s new transaction management capabilities could handle all inter-network communication. At scale such a single point of contact would more efficiently facilitate global transactions.Forward lookingTo become really utilitarian for cross-border payments  CBDCs and tokens will need to interoperate with the existing financial system infrastructure  which is why it is encouraging that SWIFT was able to show progress here. Solving the interoperability issue is a great step forward.SWIFTs ground-breaking new innovation lays a path for digital currencies and tokenised assets to integrate seamlessly with the world’s existing financial ecosystem. By solving interoperability challenges the experiments may pave the way for deploying CCDC’s globally.If successful and once scaled up banks may need only one main global connection  if they were to set up connections with each counterpart individually. This important step forward built on SWIFT’s core capabilities means that as CBDCs and tokens develop  they can be rapidly deployed at scale to facilitate trade and investment between more than 200 countries worldwide.However for a massive use of CBDCs this also asks for tackling remaining issues. CBDCs have raised issues regarding surveillance and privacy that also should be solved. The SWIFT trials however have shown that their these results may be seen a s a great breakthrough,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,mixed,0.08,0.08,0.84,True,English,"['Carlo R.W. De Meijer', 'CBDC projects', 'successful experiments', 'SWIFT', 'thorniest” problems central bank digital currency', 'global central bank digital currency', 'one main global connection', 'different distributed ledger technology', 'future digital financial ecosystem', 'different CBDC blockchains networks', 'central bank experiments', 'different technology platforms', 'massive, costly infrastructure', 'large scale adoption', 'existing payment systems', 'existing account-based infrastructures', 'future financial network/ecosystem', 'different tokenisation platforms', 'last eight months', 'Present CBDC projects', 'Many Central Banks', 'cross-border transaction feasibility', 'Chief Innovation Officer', 'extensive innovation agenda', 'traditional payment networks', 'two important experiments', 'two separate experiments', 'interoperable cross-border transactions', 'traditional fiat currencies', 'interoperability solution banks', 'digital future', 'different blockchains', 'Two SWIFT Publications', '10 central banks', 'different networks', 'central pillars', 'Two Experiments', 'digital versions', 'digital islands', 'financial institutions', 'digital currencies', 'different technologies', 'different solutions', 'two trials', 'last blog', 'DLT) networks', 'traditional counterparts', 'CBDC) network', 'cross-border payments', 'CBDC usage', 'two publications', 'different countries', 'Early October', '8-month experiment', 'major step', 'Tom Zschach', 'deeper look', 'growing number', 'primary focus', 'technological complexities', 'technical standards', 'small groups', 'trading partners', 'multiple players', 'inherent differences', 'various methodologies', 'real world', 'particular focus', 'blockchain system', 'crypto space', 'interconnection capabilities', 'strategic focus', 'significant challenge', 'Ultimate aim', 'First trial', 'first publication', 'first experiment', 'national currencies', 'regular currencies', 'domestic use', 'neighbouring countries', 'interoperability issue', 'SWIFT community', '100 countries', 'results', 'tokenization', 'blueprint', 'developers', 'idea', 'thousands', 'connections', 'inclusivity', 'potential', 'emergence', 'CBDCs', 'speed', 'issues', 'standardisation', 'EU', 'danger', 'borders', 'attention', 'something', 'ways', 'findings', 'December', 'assets', 'company', 'wide-ranging', 'enabling', 'advantage', 'Aims']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finextra.com
12771,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.intellinews.com/central-asia-blog-private-capital-to-play-a-leading-role-in-creating-the-new-uzbekistan-261510/,CENTRAL ASIA BLOG: Private Capital to play a leading role in creating the New Uzbekistan,The second Uzbekistan Economic Forum held on November 4-5 in Samarkand was a big success. Businessmen and investors travelled from all over the world,The second Uzbekistan Economic Forum held on November 4-5 in Samarkand was a big success. Businessmen and investors travelled from all over the world to come and see for themselves what is now probably the best investment story in Eurasia.Uzbekistan  unlike most other countries in the region  is enjoying strong growth and will be one of the very few countries not to go into recession but continue its circa 6% a year expansion. On top of that  the conservative policies of the central bank have managed to contain inflation  although at 12% inflation remains uncomfortably high  while in most of Eurasia central banks are being forced to hike rates aggressively to contain runaway price rises.But most encouraging of all is the extremely strong population growth  whereas most other countries in the region are suffering from a demographic disaster as the number of their citizens shrinks. Uzbekistan has the strongest population growth in the Former Soviet Union (FSU) and is on course to overtake both Ukraine and Poland in the next three years in terms of population  which will be the basis of long-term sustainable growth.However  the fast growing population also presents the government with a challenge. It needs to provide jobs for its swelling ranks of young people  which is why the theme of the conference was “People at the Heart of Economic Reforms.” Both the government and the international financial institution (IFI) programmes are geared to promote the betterment of life of the ordinary citizen with a special emphasis on doubling incomes and improving both education and healthcare as the top priorities.The conference marks the beginning of the second phase of reforms and a new five year plan. The last plan has been successful  as it laid the ground work for change  and the economy has responded well  with business activity visibly increasing and business people and investors reporting to bne IntelliNews that the climate has improved. Companies have moved beyond plans and are now investing and focused on expansion plans.But the hard work lies ahead. While leading companies have embraced the easing of restrictions such as the currency controls and trade restrictions that has allowed them to grow  in this second phase the government must continue with deep structural reforms  especially those that will benefit the SMEs and micro-businesses if reforms are going to make a major impact on the lives of the man in the street.The state remains heavily involved in the economy so privatisation remains a key change. The banking sector has been prepared and the first IPO of state-owned QQB is slated to happen before the end of this year. Likewise  the first shares in UzAvto and UzMetal are planned to happen soon with listings on the Tashkent Stock Exchange  which itself is in the process of being hooked up to the international payments and settlements system Clearstream. When that is completed then international investors will have direct access to the Uzbek capital markets. The experience of countries like Russia  Ukraine and Georgia was that once they were connected to Clearstream billions of dollars of investment capital flowed into the local capital market and became a major new sources of funding for both the government and leading local corporates.But despite these encouraging developments  the delegates at the conference were under no illusion that the road ahead will be long and difficult. The IPO of the three leading companies will only be for small amounts of shares – less than 10% – and the companies will remain largely under government control. The process of privatising them and making them more transparent and accountable to their shareholders – the public and small retail investors included – will take several years. The modernisation of the legal framework to support private business and creating an attractive business environment is a long slow process that will take several years to complete. The gains will be slow down and be incremental  but they should be constant as life steadily improves.The government showed that it understands the challenges ahead and is fully committed to carrying through on the reforms  but another recurring theme in most of the sessions at the conference was the world is going through a period of unprecedented “uncertainty.” Investors are already cautious about investing into a frontier market like Uzbekistan but now they are even more so due to the high geopolitical tensions both in Central Asia and in the FSU region in general.Runaway inflation across the world and central bank aggressive tightening of monetary policy everywhere has affected Uzbekistan as it has made the cost of borrowing on the international capital markets more expensive. Hooking up to Clearstream will allow the government access to new international investment in its domestic bond market  where issues of soum-denominated bonds have recently topped $1bn and new innovative bonds like the first 10-year maturing issue and an inflation-linked bond have been issued in only the last few weeks. The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) also became the first foreign investor to buy a government soum-denominated Uzbek bond in November. But this process of integration into the international capital markets will take at least one year to complete  or maybe more.In the meantime  in the face of the uncertainty the government has emphasised that it will switch and pursue the growth model on the basis of attracting private capital and is intending to use the PPP (private-public partnerships) mechanism to bring in outside capital in partnership with the state-backed investment programmes.There have been some successful PPP projects already  such as the construction of a new and highly efficient gas-fuelled power station in Tashkent with Turkish partners  but PPP projects are hard to organise and cannot replace the more general foreign direct investment (FDI) the country needs to attract if it is to base growth on the inflow of private capital. Happily there are significant local private sources of capital that are being mobilised via the privatisation process of smaller assets via UzSAMA  which has prepared some 1 000 assets for sale worth about $1bn before the end of this year  the director told bne IntelliNews at the summit. Foreign investors are set to play a major role in the transformation to a “New Uzbekistan” that is the title of the second phase of Uzbekistan’s reforms  launched at the investment summit in Samarkand  but the local investors will play a significant role in driving the economy forward in the meantime as the transformations to make Uzbekistan an attractive investment destination continue.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.08,0.58,True,English,"['CENTRAL ASIA BLOG', 'Private Capital', 'leading role', 'New Uzbekistan', 'first 10-year maturing issue', 'second Uzbekistan Economic Forum', 'new five year plan', 'Former Soviet Union', 'Tashkent Stock Exchange', 'high geopolitical tensions', 'long-term sustainable growth', 'Uzbek capital markets', 'major new sources', 'new innovative bonds', 'best investment story', 'leading local corporates', 'international financial institution', 'new international investment', 'runaway price rises', 'fast growing population', 'local capital market', 'international capital markets', 'next three years', 'The European Bank', 'strongest population growth', 'attractive business environment', 'domestic bond market', 'most other countries', 'strong population growth', 'long slow process', 'deep structural reforms', 'three leading companies', 'Eurasia central banks', 'small retail investors', 'investment capital', 'strong growth', 'second phase', 'frontier market', 'Economic Reforms', 'international payments', 'last plan', 'major impact', 'small amounts', 'soum-denominated bonds', 'inflation-linked bond', 'year expansion', 'several years', 'business activity', 'private business', 'Central Asia', 'international investors', 'first IPO', 'first shares', 'big success', 'conservative policies', 'demographic disaster', 'swelling ranks', 'IFI) programmes', 'ordinary citizen', 'special emphasis', 'ground work', 'hard work', 'currency controls', 'banking sector', 'state-owned QQB', 'settlements system', 'direct access', 'encouraging developments', 'legal framework', 'unprecedented “uncertainty', 'aggressive tightening', 'monetary policy', 'business people', 'Runaway inflation', 'young people', 'top priorities', 'expansion plans', 'trade restrictions', 'key change', 'recurring theme', 'government control', 'government access', 'FSU region', 'November', 'Samarkand', 'Businessmen', 'world', 'recession', 'number', 'citizens', 'course', 'Ukraine', 'Poland', 'terms', 'basis', 'challenge', 'jobs', 'conference', 'Heart', 'betterment', 'life', 'doubling', 'incomes', 'education', 'healthcare', 'beginning', 'economy', 'bne', 'IntelliNews', 'climate', 'easing', 'SMEs', 'micro-businesses', 'lives', 'man', 'street', 'privatisation', 'end', 'UzAvto', 'UzMetal', 'listings', 'Clearstream', 'experience', 'Russia', 'Georgia', 'billions', 'dollars', 'funding', 'delegates', 'illusion', 'road', 'shareholders', 'public', 'modernisation', 'gains', 'sessions', 'period', 'cost', 'borrowing', 'issues', 'weeks']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,intellinews.com
12772,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Two winners receive a Tablo Dual OTA DVR and a ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV antenna for you AND a friend just i… https://t.co/ElikMbqM6X,nan,Two winners receive a Tablo Dual OTA DVR and a ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV antenna for you AND a friend just i… https://t.co/ElikMbqM6X,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV antenna', 'Tablo Dual OTA DVR', 'Two winners', 'friend', 'ElikMbqM6X', 'ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV antenna', 'Tablo Dual OTA DVR', 'Two winners', 'friend', 'ElikMbqM6X']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12773,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Brad_Setser @davidmwessel PBoC official told me they use Luxembourg. I got USTs into Clearstream in 2008  so I ret… https://t.co/6xKmNTopiZ,nan,@Brad_Setser @davidmwessel PBoC official told me they use Luxembourg. I got USTs into Clearstream in 2008  so I ret… https://t.co/6xKmNTopiZ,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['davidmwessel PBoC official', 'Brad_Setser', 'Luxembourg', 'Clearstream', 'davidmwessel PBoC official', 'Brad_Setser', 'Luxembourg', 'Clearstream']",2022-11-06,2022-11-07,Unknown
12774,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB 40GWQQXhttps://t.co/qlcO9NROZZ https://t.co/d5KqtB2HDM,nan,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB 40GWQQXhttps://t.co/qlcO9NROZZ https://t.co/d5KqtB2HDM,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'Ready', 'C2MVB', 'ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'Ready', 'C2MVB']",2022-11-05,2022-11-07,Unknown
12775,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,SWIFT Aims to Test Tokenization in 2022  Clearstream  Northern Trust  SETL to Participate. @TechTreesCoin… https://t.co/z3DbhucO1d,nan,SWIFT Aims to Test Tokenization in 2022  Clearstream  Northern Trust  SETL to Participate. @TechTreesCoin… https://t.co/z3DbhucO1d,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['SWIFT Aims', 'Northern Trust', 'Tokenization', 'Clearstream', 'SWIFT Aims', 'Northern Trust', 'Tokenization', 'Clearstream']",2022-11-05,2022-11-07,Unknown
12776,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/CXxtueWC7v,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/CXxtueWC7v,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls', 'CXxtueWC7v', 'Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls', 'CXxtueWC7v']",2022-11-05,2022-11-07,Unknown
12777,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/european-markets-finish-mixed-on-monday,European Markets Finish Mixed On Monday,In Germany  Covestro surged 3.20 percent  while Volkswagen jumped 2.46 percent  Deutsche Borse rallied 1.86 percent  Siemens Energy advanced 1.39 percent  Deutsche Post climbed 0.84 percent  Heidelberg Cement improved 0.77 percent  Deutsche Bank collected ...,(RTTNews) - The major European stock markets were mostly higher on Monday  even as a cautious undertone prevailed ahead of mid-term elections in the United States and the latest U.S. consumer inflation report due this week.The markets also shook off concerns of an economic slowdown despite the uncertainty of the outlook for interest rates.Germany's DAX advanced 73.67 points or 0.55 percent to finish at 13 533.52  while London's FTSE fell 34.85 points or 0.48 percent to close at 7 299.99 and the CAC 40 in France was basically flat  adding 0.17 points to 6 416.61.In Germany  Covestro surged 3.20 percent  while Volkswagen jumped 2.46 percent  Deutsche Borse rallied 1.86 percent  Siemens Energy advanced 1.39 percent  Deutsche Post climbed 0.84 percent  Heidelberg Cement improved 0.77 percent  Deutsche Bank collected 0.41 percent and Deutsche Telekom rose 0.19 percent.In London  Frasers Group skyrocketed 5.77 percent  while Centrica plunged 4.13 percent  Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust tumbled 3.05 percent  Tesco gathered 2.02 percent  Rolls-Royce spiked 1.46 percent  Rentokil strengthened 1.31 percent  BAE Systems slumped 1.28 percent  Haleon improved 1.20 percent  Shell skidded 1.01 percent  Auto Trader Group sank 0.92 percent  Prudential lost 0.77 percent and British American Tobacco eased 0.25 percent.In France  Societe Generale dropped 2.12 percent  Veolia Environment jumped 1.89 percent  Danone retreated 1 89 percent  Sanofi shed 1.24 percent  Credit Agricole climbed 1.06 percent  Carrefour and Schneider Electric both gathered 0.88 percent  Engie slid 0.40 percent  BNP Paribas perked 012 percent and Orange eased 0.11 percent.In economic news  Germany industrial production grew in September after falling a month ago  Destatis reported Monday - rising 0.6 percent on month in September  reversing a revised 1.2 percent fall in August. This was also faster than forecast of +0.2 percent. On a yearly basis  industrial output grew 2.6 percent.UK house prices declined at the fastest pace since early 2021 amid rising cost of living coupled with stretched mortgage affordability weighing on the property market activity  data published by the Llyods Bank subsidiary Halifax showed Monday - easing 0.4 percent on month in October.Eurozone investor confidence rose more than expected in November  reflecting the easing situation on the European gas and electricity markets  behavioral research institute Sentix said on Monday - rising to a three-month high of -30.9 in November from -38.3 in October. The score was forecast to rise moderately to -35.0.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['European Markets', 'Monday', 'latest U.S. consumer inflation report', 'Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust', 'major European stock markets', 'British American Tobacco', 'UK house prices', 'property market activity', 'Eurozone investor confidence', 'behavioral research institute', 'Auto Trader Group', 'Llyods Bank subsidiary', 'Germany industrial production', 'mortgage affordability', 'European gas', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Frasers Group', 'industrial output', 'electricity markets', 'cautious undertone', 'mid-term elections', 'United States', 'economic slowdown', 'interest rates', 'Deutsche Borse', 'Siemens Energy', 'Deutsche Post', 'Heidelberg Cement', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'BAE Systems', 'Societe Generale', 'Veolia Environment', 'Credit Agricole', 'Schneider Electric', 'BNP Paribas', 'economic news', 'yearly basis', 'fastest pace', 'rising cost', 'easing situation', '1.2 percent fall', '0.55 percent', '2.02 percent', '0.77 percent', '0.88 percent', '012 percent', '+0.2 percent', 'RTTNews', 'Monday', 'concerns', 'uncertainty', 'DAX', 'London', 'FTSE', 'CAC', 'France', '0.17 points', 'Covestro', 'Volkswagen', 'Centrica', 'Tesco', 'Rolls-Royce', 'Rentokil', 'Haleon', 'Shell', 'Prudential', 'Danone', 'Sanofi', 'Carrefour', 'Engie', 'Orange', 'September', 'Destatis', 'month', 'August', 'forecast', 'living', 'data', 'Halifax', 'October', 'November', 'Sentix', 'score', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc', '67', '86', '0.41']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,nasdaq.com
12778,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-b-rses-etr-db1-115134218.html,Deutsche Börse's (ETR:DB1) earnings growth rate lags the 14% CAGR delivered to shareholders,Stock pickers are generally looking for stocks that will outperform the broader market. And the truth is  you can,Stock pickers are generally looking for stocks that will outperform the broader market. And the truth is  you can make significant gains if you buy good quality businesses at the right price. To wit  the Deutsche Börse share price has climbed 74% in five years  easily topping the market decline of 15% (ignoring dividends). However  more recent returns haven't been as impressive as that  with the stock returning just 9.0% in the last year   including dividends .Since the long term performance has been good but there's been a recent pullback of 4.3%  let's check if the fundamentals match the share price.Check out our latest analysis for Deutsche BörseIn his essay The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville Warren Buffett described how share prices do not always rationally reflect the value of a business. One way to examine how market sentiment has changed over time is to look at the interaction between a company's share price and its earnings per share (EPS).Over half a decade  Deutsche Börse managed to grow its earnings per share at 12% a year. This EPS growth is remarkably close to the 12% average annual increase in the share price. That suggests that the market sentiment around the company hasn't changed much over that time. In fact  the share price seems to largely reflect the EPS growth.The image below shows how EPS has tracked over time (if you click on the image you can see greater detail).We know that Deutsche Börse has improved its bottom line lately  but is it going to grow revenue? If you're interested  you could check this free report showing consensus revenue forecasts.What About Dividends?As well as measuring the share price return  investors should also consider the total shareholder return (TSR). The TSR is a return calculation that accounts for the value of cash dividends (assuming that any dividend received was reinvested) and the calculated value of any discounted capital raisings and spin-offs. So for companies that pay a generous dividend  the TSR is often a lot higher than the share price return. We note that for Deutsche Börse the TSR over the last 5 years was 93%  which is better than the share price return mentioned above. And there's no prize for guessing that the dividend payments largely explain the divergence!Story continuesA Different PerspectiveWe're pleased to report that Deutsche Börse shareholders have received a total shareholder return of 9.0% over one year. Of course  that includes the dividend. However  that falls short of the 14% TSR per annum it has made for shareholders  each year  over five years. The pessimistic view would be that be that the stock has its best days behind it  but on the other hand the price might simply be moderating while the business itself continues to execute. It's always interesting to track share price performance over the longer term. But to understand Deutsche Börse better  we need to consider many other factors. Even so  be aware that Deutsche Börse is showing 1 warning sign in our investment analysis   you should know about...For those who like to find winning investments this free list of growing companies with recent insider purchasing  could be just the ticket.Please note  the market returns quoted in this article reflect the market weighted average returns of stocks that currently trade on DE exchanges.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Join A Paid User Research SessionYou’ll receive a US$30 Amazon Gift card for 1 hour of your time while helping us build better investing tools for the individual investors like yourself. Sign up here,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.54,0.12,0.33,True,English,"['DB1) earnings growth rate', 'Deutsche Börse', '14% CAGR', 'shareholders', 'Paid User Research Session', 'US$30 Amazon Gift card', 'Deutsche Börse share price', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Deutsche Börse shareholders', 'market weighted average returns', '12% average annual increase', 'good quality businesses', 'Doddsville Warren Buffett', 'half a decade', 'Simply Wall St', 'total shareholder return', 'long term performance', 'many other factors', 'recent insider purchasing', 'long-term focused analysis', 'share price performance', 'share price return', 'consensus revenue forecasts', 'recent returns', 'latest analysis', 'market returns', 'return calculation', 'right price', 'other hand', 'longer term', 'analyst forecasts', 'share prices', 'broader market', 'market decline', 'recent pullback', 'market sentiment', 'significant gains', 'five years', 'last year', 'The Superinvestors', 'One way', 'greater detail', 'bottom line', 'free report', 'capital raisings', 'generous dividend', 'last 5 years', 'dividend payments', 'Different Perspective', 'one year', 'pessimistic view', 'best days', '1 warning sign', 'investment analysis', 'winning investments', 'free list', 'DE exchanges', 'historical data', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'investing tools', 'EPS growth', 'growing companies', 'individual investors', 'calculated value', 'Stock pickers', 'cash dividends', 'The TSR', '14% TSR', 'stocks', 'truth', 'fundamentals', 'essay', 'Graham', 'interaction', 'earnings', 'image', 'discounted', 'spin-offs', 'prize', 'divergence', 'Story', 'annum', 'ticket', 'article', 'feedback', 'content', 'touch', 'editorial-team', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', '1 hour']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,uk.finance.yahoo.com
12779,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CASE STUDY: Learn how Deutsche Börse (@DeutscheBoerse) uses Dataminr to protect its 10 000+ employees and assets wo… https://t.co/CZF1XCvoGB,nan,CASE STUDY: Learn how Deutsche Börse (@DeutscheBoerse) uses Dataminr to protect its 10 000+ employees and assets wo… https://t.co/CZF1XCvoGB,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'CASE STUDY', '10,000+ employees', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'Dataminr', 'assets', 'CZF1XCvoGB', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CASE STUDY', '10,000+ employees', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'Dataminr', 'assets', 'CZF1XCvoGB']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12780,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/y01z78VKxW,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/y01z78VKxW,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2022-11-06,2022-11-07,Unknown
12781,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/MNB8TuT19s,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/MNB8TuT19s,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'MNB8TuT19s', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'MNB8TuT19s']",2022-11-05,2022-11-07,Unknown
12782,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/fqmsUJIzAm,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/fqmsUJIzAm,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2022-11-04,2022-11-07,Unknown
12783,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4554145-euronext-n-v-euxtf-ceo-on-stephane-boujnah-q3-2022-results-earnings-call-transcript,Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) CEO on Stephane Boujnah Q3 2022 Results - Earnings Call Transcript,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 4  2022 4:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerGiorgio Modica - Chief...,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 4  2022 4:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerGiorgio Modica - Chief Financial OfficerSimon Gallagher - Head of Cash and DerivativesConference Call ParticipantsArnaud Giblat - BNP ParibasMatt Moon - KBWHaley Tam - Credit SuisseBruce Hamilton - Morgan StanleyIan White - Autonomous ResearchTobias Lukesch - Kepler CheuvreuxAndrew Coombs - CitiMike Werner - UBSOperatorHello  and welcome to the Euronext Third Quarter 202 Results Call. My name is Laura  and I will be your coordinator for today's event. [Operator Instructions].I will now hand you over to your host  Stephane Boujnah  the CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext to begin today's conference. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahGood morning everybody and thank you for joining us for Euronext third quarter 2022 results conference call and webcast. I am Stephane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Management Board of Euronext.I'd like to start by briefly taking you through some of the highlights of the third quarter before handing over to Giorgio Modica  the Euronext CFO who will further develop the main businesses and financial highlights of the quarter.Moving to slide four  as you have seen  Euronext reported a solid performance in the third quarter of 2020. This quarter was marked  as everybody noticed it  by challenging macro environment and lower trading volume. But this quarter demonstrated once again  the resilience of our diversified business model and the strength of our non-volume related activities combined with our trademark discipline. Euronext consolidated its position as the leading trading venue in Europe this quarter again  providing market participants with unrivaled market quality and market depth. In addition  we consolidated auditing position in equity listings in Europe  with 18 listings this quarter  but let's start with revenue.Underlying revenues were stable compared to Q3 2021  a 350.3 million euro  as a result of all based on lead diversified revenue stream. It was first non-volume related revenue had a strong performance of its own with enlisting in advanced data services  industry and in technology solution. In particular  this technology solutions revenue included for the first full quarter the contribution of the new core data center revenues following the migration report as [indiscernible] in June 2020. But second  our trading businesses  none related to equity markets  truly performance as well with double-digit growth year-over-year in commodities  derivatives  in forex trading  in power trading. So  on a reported basis  we clearly announced  as we announced it during the Q2 results last July  revenues were negatively impacted by a capital loss in net treasury income of 49 million pre-tax representing 35 million prospects. These results from the partial portfolio disposal at Euronext Clearing will neutralize any future impact of interest rate variations on net treasury income are clear in the account.Non volume related underlying revenues accounted for 59% of the total revenue and cover 138% of underlying operating expenses including D&A. On the cost side  the reported increase in underlying expenses excluding D&A mainly reflects the normalized level of marketing and travel expenses post-pandemic. But this cost performance this quarter also reflects our continuing cost discipline  despite inflationary pressure. Treasury costs are in line with usual seasonality and we confirm our 612 million cost guidance for the year  which means that we are confident in our ability to continue to control the impact of inflation on our costs in 2022  although we reported an adjusted EBITDA of 199.9 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%. This led to a slight decrease in adjusted EPS to 1.21 euro per share and adjusted net income to 129.5 million.Please keep in mind that we receive in a Euroclear dividend in Q3 2021 last year  whereas this year the interim dividends of Euroclear will be received in Q4 2022. On a reported basis  EPS for this quarter third quarter reached 0.71 euro. I would like to reiterate that today as already announced during our Q2 results  we intend to neutralize to offset the negative impact of this capital loss on the dividend that will be proposed for 2023 Annual General Meeting.Moving to slide five. This third quarter was very significant for the integration of the Borsa Italiana. At the end of the third quarter 2022  we reached the 24.4 million of cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies in relation to the targeted synergies related to Borsa Italiana group integration. In total  by the end of Q3 2022  we have now spent 37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs  with 1.2 million incurred this quarter.Moving to slide six  as you remember it  we delivered in June 2022  the successful migration of [indiscernible]. The next few quarters will see the delivery of major milestones and the continuation of the Borsa Italiana integration. First  a significant project was delivered recently with the successful implementation of a new listing framework in Italy. This framework is harmonized with Euronext and global listing standards and it will significantly benefit Italian issuers  as it will further enhance the competitiveness of the Italian capital markets ecosystem. Second  the Italian ecosystem will also benefit from the upcoming first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash market in March 2023 on to Optiq  the Euronext state-of-the-art operatory trading platform. This migration would provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana in Italy  but also market participants across other geographies  with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint. Such a migration into the Euroclear to the liquidity pool  into the Euroclear [indiscernible] book  into the Euroclear single technology platform will bring significant benefits as it did with the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and in Norway. This migration would create the largest integrated liquidity pool in Europe and the largest order book in Europe. It will also allow us to align trading fees in Italy for global players with the European printing. Third  we confirm the execution of the first phase of the European expansion of the Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by Q4 2022. This move will be the first milestone of the transformation of Euronext Clearing. Our role is clearly to create the Euronext Clearing house of choice for the Euronext cash equity market. This will ensure strategic alignment with Euronext and its clearing house. This internalization of clearing operations will unlock further development opportunities in various fields  such as derivatives.I now hand over to Giorgio Modica for the review of our second quarter performance.Giorgio ModicaThank you  Stephane  and good morning  everyone. I would like to start the session with a quick reference to the cash equity trading educational session held in October. For those of you that missed it  the replay is available on our website. I presented the progress Euronext has made since its IPO in 2014 evolving significantly from the cash equity exchange it was. In 2014  36% of our revenue was related to cash equity trading and today only 19.2%. During the last year  you Euronext transformed itself into a fully integrated exchange and achieved significant diversification of its revenues away from cash equity trading. Furthermore Euronext not only diversified on volume-related activities  but also within its trading business. The different businesses we are operating in trading has no or limited correlation one with the other. This quarter illustrates this quite clearly with the strong performance of effects our trading and derivatives despite softer cash equity volumes. Diversification made our business model more robust across the different market cycles and allowed us to achieve stable underlying revenues this quarter  despite lower volumes.Let's have a look at the performance of our business in the third quarter of 2022. I am now on slide nine. The third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext diversified business model in a more challenging environment for cash payments. Euronext underlying revenue and income was stable compared to the third quarter of 2021 revenue and income  driven by strong results from non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  effects and power trading activity. On a reported basis  revenue and income was down 14% to 301.4 million Euros reflecting the 49 million Euros of non-underlying loss related to the sale of part of Euronext leading fixed income portfolio. With that  the impact is 35 million Euros. Trading revenue was at 117.8 million Euros  down 5.2% resulting from lower cash  equity and MTS cash volumes  partially offset by the good revenue capture and strong quarter for FX  derivatives and power trading.Post-trade revenue excluding net treasury income grew 3.7% to 86.2 million Euros driven by the positive performance of clearing Custody and Settlement businesses. Advanced Data service revenue increased to 53 million Euros  up 6.3% due to a good performance across the offering. Listing revenue grew 6.3% to 54 million Euros confirming Euronext’s number one position for equity listings in Europe.In terms of revenue mix  the third quarter 2022 non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of total group revenue versus 67% in the same quarter last year; thanks to the growth of our non-volume related activity. Lastly  non-volume related revenue covered 138% of our underlying operating costs  excluding D&A compared to 142% last year.Moving to the next slide for listing. In the third quarter of 2022  listing revenue was 54 million Euros  with an increase of 6.3% compared to the third quarter of 2021. This growth reflects a good performance of annual fees  corporate services  as well as the positive impacts of IFRS 15  which allow us to continue benefiting from the exceptional equity listing activity of 2021. During the third quarter of 2022  Euronext maintained its leading position in Europe for primary equity lifting  accounting 18 new listings in a challenging environment. In the third quarter of 2022  143.8 million Euros was raised on Euronext’s primary market compared to a very strong third quarter 2021 with 5.3 billion Euros. As far as secondary issues are concerned  4.8 billion was raised this quarter. Euronext also enforced its position as the leading brand for one listing worldwide with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets. In the third quarter of 2022  172.8 billion Euros in debt was raised on Euronext markets. Overall  this brings us to a total of 177.7 billion Euros raised in equity and debt on Euronext’s markets this quarter. Lastly  Corporate Services continued its growth trajectory  slightly offset by lower Webcaster activity.Let's have a look now at our trading business. I'm now on slide 11 and I will start with cash trading. In the third quarter of 2022  we observed this lower cash equity trading volume which was partially offset by a good revenue capture. This led to cash trading revenue of 67.3 million Euros this quarter  with a decrease of 10.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Euronext recorded average daily volumes of 9.6 billion Euros  a volume decrease of 11.6% compared to the third quarter of 2021. Despite the more challenging selling environment  Euronext has confirmed its position as the largest  deepest and most stable single liquidity pool in Europe  offering the highest quality of execution to its market participants. Average revenue capture of the quarter increased to 0.53 basis points and the market share averaged 65.9%  in line with the pre-COVID level  both values include the Borsa Italiana. Like for like  cash trading revenue was down 10.2%.Moving on to derivative trading. Derivatives trading revenue was up 3.3% to 14 million Euros as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodities derivatives trading combined with an enhanced revenue capture. In the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes on financial delivery were down 12% year-on-year reflecting a decrease in equity future and option trading  which decreased mainly due to a base effect linked with exceptionally high level of activity of the third quarter of 2021. This quarter  commodity average daily volume increased 1.9%. Overall  revenue capture for derivatives reached 0.35 euro per lot  this is 16% up  mainly linked to a volume mix impact. On the like for like basis  derivative trading revenue was up 3.2% compared to the third quarter 2021.Lastly on fixed income trading. In the third quarter of 2022  fixed income trading reported revenues at 21.4 million Euros  minus 9.8% compared to 23.8 million Euros in the third quarter of 2021. MTS reported overall good performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. In the third quarter of 2022  MTS cash generated 13.1 million Euros of revenue and MTS Repo generated 5.4 million of revenue. The third quarter saw a strong traction in Repo trading with term adjusted ADV  up 14.7% to 323.2 billion Euros. This partially offset lower MTS cash average daily volume down 34% to 15.4 billion Euros compared to a very strong third quarter of 2021. On the like for like basis  fixed income  trading revenue was down 9.8% year-over-year.Continuing with trading on slide 12. The third quarter of 2022 saw the strong performance of Euronext FX in terms of both revenue and average daily volumes benefiting from volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification. Euronext reported average daily volumes of $21.7 billion in the third quarter of 2022  up 24.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021. Further  FX trading revenue increased 30.1% compared to the third quarter of 2021 at 7.3 million Euros. On the like for like basis  FX revenue was up 11.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021. This quarter  power trading reported 7.8 million in revenue  a growth of 23.5% year-on-year  driven by strong volumes  increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland and a strong performance in the Nordics. In the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39 terawatt hour  an 18.5% increase compared to the third quarter of 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was the 0.10 terawatt hour  up 76.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On the like for like basis  power trading revenue was up 20.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021.Moving to slide 13  revenue from our first date activities excluding net treasury income increased 3.7% to 86.2 million Euros. In the third quarter of 2022  clearing revenue was up 5.5% with 29.1 million due to the strong bond derivatives trading activity. On the like for like basis  clearing revenue was up as well  5.5% As announced in the second quarter of 2022  we have disposed our loan-term Euronext Clearing fixed income security portfolio maturing after the first May 2023 in order to neutralize impacts of interest rates variation are our net treasury income. This led to a one-off pre-tax loss of 49 million Euros  35 million post tax. Adjusted for the one-off impact  net treasury income was at 10.7 million Euros this quarter  in line with the guidance provided in the second quarter of 2017. As a result of the disposal  our surplus regulatory capital for Euronext is expected to increase. The decrease of regulatory capital requirements for Euronext clearly linked to the investment portfolio will more than compensate the negative impact on available capital of the one-off loss resulting from the deposit.As a reminder  we expect a lower level of net treasury income marking at around 10 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2022 and in the first quarter of 2023  before normalizing at around 20 basis points from the starting of the second quarter of 2023. Finally  as the sale of the portfolio will have no negative impact on the available capital of the group  Euronext confirms the decision that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact deriving from these operations. Moving back to the third quarter performance  custody  settlement and other post-trade revenue encompassing the activity of the four verticals we operate under the Euronext brands was up 2.8% to 57.1 million Euros. Like for like  custody and settlement and other post-trade revenue was up 0.5%.Moving to slide 14  I would like to use this opportunity to have a look at the seasonality of Euronext security activities. It is important to properly assess the performance of the board. During the last three years  we can observe a seasonal dip of CST revenue between the second and the third quarter. The explanation for the seasonality is three fold. Firstly  very few general meetings had dividend payments occur in the third quarter  leading to lower revenues related to issues services and issuance. Secondly  we observed the usual summer slowdown as experienced in other markets like the cash equity market. Thirdly  some specific services are charged twice a year  in the second year in the fourth quarter  and this further contributes to the seasonality. In addition  the seasonality in this slide allow us to illustrate the progress we've made over the last three years in growing and diversifying our Euronext Security business which resulted in a CAGR of 7.3% between the third quarter of 2019 and the third quarter of 2022.Moving on to slide 15  Advanced Data Services revenue was up 6.3% to 53 million Euros  driven by a strong fraction of our core data business  solid index activity and good momentum of the advanced data solution franchise. On a like for like basis  Advanced Data Services revenue was up 6.5% compared to the third quarter 2021. Investor service revenue was at 2.5 million this quarter  up 16.3% reflecting continued commercial expansion of the business  partially offset by mild reductions in stock. Like for like  investor service revenue was up 1.2%. Lastly  on technology solution  revenue was up 6.7% compared to the third quarter 2021 to 26 million Euros  reflecting the first full quarter of revenue of the new core data center following their migration on 6 June 2022. On the like for like basis  Euronext technology and other revenue was up 6.5% compared to the third quarter 2021.Let's move to slide 17. I would like to convey two message. The first one is that Euronext costs  as you can see in the graph are seasonally lower in the third quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Second  in the third quarter 2022  we reported 150.4 million of underlying costs  excluding D&A  an increase of 6.3% compared to the third quarter 2021. Please note that this increase is not related to inflation  but to the post-pandemic context that would need with more travels and more marketing expenses and higher cleaning expense related to the higher cleaning activities.Thanks to our continued costs discipline  despite the inflationary environment  we confirm our underlying cost guidance for 2022 at 612 million Euros. This brings us to the next slide with the EBITDA bridge. Euronext adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was down 4.4% to 199.9 million Euros resulting from stable underlying revenue and the 6.3% increase of underlying operational expenses  as we just discussed. The adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 2.6 points compared to the third quarter 2021 to 57.1%. On the like for like basis  EBITDA margin was at 57% this quarter and adjusted EBITDA decreased 5.2%. Finally  I would like to remind you that non-underlying costs  excluding D&A  are mainly related to the integration of Borsa and us.Moving to slide 19 to net income. Adjusted net income this quarter was down 5.5% to 129.5 million Euros resulting from the following elements. First D&A was broadly stable year-over-year; second  net financial expenses decreased the 10 million  due to positive FX impact with the revaluation of foreign currencies balances and results from equity investments decreased 10.1 million Euros as in the third quarter of 2021 will shift the dividend Euroclear and [indiscernible]  as Stephane just discussed  which will be paid in the fourth quarter this year. I would like to highlight that the non-underlined items in the future mainly represented by the loss on the sale of the fixed income portfolio and D&A mainly the PPA amortization of our acquisition.Lastly  income tax for the third quarter 2022 was 27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate for the quarter of 26.2%. Reported net income was 75.8 million and adjusted EPS is down 3.2% to 1.21 euro per share this quarter. As a reminder  we completed our rights issue in the second quarter of 2021. So even though now the number of shares were realized  we will have check out effect on EPS for the next quarter.Moving to the next slide  slide 24  cash flow generation and leverage  net operating cash flow post tax amounted to 318.1 million and the cash conversion from EBITDA was in excess of 100%. Excluding the impact on working capital from Nord Pool and Euronext Clearing  CCP activities net operating cash flow accounted for 179% of EBITDA. In addition to the working capital impact from CCP  we had the 148 million impact from other operating activities mainly reflecting accrued VAT payables and receipt of refundable VAT. At the end of the quarter  our net debt to LTM EBITDA ratio was at 2.3 times compared to 2.4 times in the second quarter of 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one of loss on NTI  net debt to EBITDA reported LTM was at 2.1 times.Moving to slide 21 for the evolution of our liquidity position over the quarter. As illustrated  our liquidity position remains very strong about 1.4 billion  including the unrolled SDF of 600 million Euros and excluding the cash in transit at Nord Pool.And with this  I would like to give back the floor to Stephane.Stephane BoujnahThank you  Giorgio. Once again  I would like to emphasize that  for 2022  dividends will not be impacted negatively by the change in our investment portfolio policy  as Giorgio said. But in a nutshell  we delivered a solid quarter in a challenging trading environment; thanks to our very diversified business model. The Borsa Italiana Group integration and the delivery of our cost guidance are both on track. We are very confident in our ability to continue to control inflation in order to meet our 2022 cost guidance. And looking forward to 2023  our diversified business model combined with our continuous cost discipline gives us the confidence to face the macroeconomic challenges ahead of us and to continue creating value for clients and for shareholders.I'm now available for your questions together with the Giorgio Modica  Anthony Attia and Simon Gallagher.Question-and-Answer SessionOperator[Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Arnaud Giblat of BNP. Your line is open  please go ahead.Arnaud GiblatYeah. Good morning. I've got three questions  please. And firstly on net interest income  you mentioned here that  essentially  the net interest margin has come in and the cash balances have stayed stable and that's why we've seen a decline in NI. I'm just wondering if you could talk a bit more about the outlook and how that's likely to evolve in the coming quarters.My second question is  with regards to market data. Historically  you have been able to put up prices  we've seen a bit of inflation come through in some of your peers in market data  although it's not  I mean  pricing more in other areas. But I'm just wondering whether you can apply some re-pricing there in 2023.And my final question is on M&A  I'm just wondering  how you're viewing M&A under your framework of royalty is greater than VAC [Phonetic] in the context of calling the cost of debt  the equity risk premium generally going up  how has your VAC evolved  and how you're thinking about M&A versus the opportunity perhaps in the longer term of buying back your Euroclear.Stephane BoujnahThank you  Arnaud. So I'll take the question on M&A and just will compliment on the balance sheet outlook for the company and Giorgio will also cover your first question on the NCI and market data pricing. On the M&A front  as everyone appreciate it  we are in the moving environment where valuations are being reassessed by market that are across the board. So all stock prices are under the pressure  the valuation of some of the targets that everyone is looking at is also under pressure. So  we are in a very  very challenging environment.The usual competition in the M&A environment from private equity players is also changing  access to leverage for some of them were usual  competing bidders in some asset is evolving. Some of them who are owners of assets that might be of interest to us to diversify our revenue streams are also not necessarily under pressure  but has to revisit their exit options. So the overall environment for rotation of assets is changing both for potential buyers and for potential sellers. In this environment  clearly  the cost of debt is changing  the parameters to return on capital employed are moving  and we are monitoring all of those but what I'm trying to convey I'll know is that the world environment is changing above and beyond the cost of debt. I'll leave the floor to Giorgio to be more specific on how we are approaching this environment in particular in a situation  in a context where the deleveraging of Euronext is continuing.What I want to say is that on the share buyback approach  because this issue was raised by some investors  for the moment  we take the view that retaining balance sheets flexibility  retaining the optionality to deploy capital for acquisitions. Retaining the means that are needed to further grow is probably a better use of capital than the share buyback for the moment. Giorgio?Giorgio ModicaDebt  I mean  three comments on my side on balance sheet and leverage and then I will talk to the question on NPI and market data. The first element is that with the shares down of the portfolio of Euronext Clearing  formerly CC&G  we are as well reducing and improving the creditworthiness of the group that we hope will translate into better rating and for higher financial flexibility which means that to a certain extent  our profile is slightly better than what the 2.1 time net leverage would suggest. This is the first comment.The second comment I would like to make is that clearly when we're looking at the cash on our balance sheet  we are looking as well at the cost opportunity of the cash and clearly now it is much different from what it was even a few months ago  considering that the debt financing rates that we will incur  should we again increase our leverage or secure new debt. When it comes to the NPI  just to be clear  what is going to happen is the following. We’ve disposed the long-term part of our portfolio  and therefore  we have reduced the interest rate mismatch in our clearing business.Before we had 100% of our liability that were indexed on variable rate  but only 75% of the assets; now  we have reduced that to 10%. And from today to the first of May next year  we will progressively let the portfolio of CC&G mature and reinvest in ECB. This is what explains the fact that for two quarters we will have a lower level of NTI at 10 basis points but then starting from the second quarter next year  at that point  we will have 100% of the asset and liability indexed on variable ECB rates and therefore the further evolution of interest rates will have no impact on our stressed net treasury income and we assess that 20 basis points is the level that we can maintain  again  despite the underlying input.Then with respect to your question on market data  the answer is yes. So the price increase in line with inflation was already communicated to the client. And more specifically  the main price changes per market data are communicated around the middle of the year  June  July and reflect the inflation of the previous year. For next year  inflation in prices is going to be around 5% and this is a process that we've always followed. So by the same token  next year  in June  we will revise prices taking into consideration that the actual inflation of 2022 and in 2024 the inflation of the [indiscernible].Arnaud GiblatThat's great  thank you.OperatorThank you. We'll move on to our next question from Matt Moon of KBW  your line is open. Please go ahead.Matt MoonHi  good morning  maybe a couple of questions on expenses. First question  you've done a nice job at containing inflationary pressures this year. But as we look out towards next year  I'm just wondering if you're seeing any signs of those inflationary pressures beginning to ease at all or have those been relatively persistent? And second question on expenses  you highlighted good resilience in your revenues in the third quarter with revenues flat year-on-year. However  if the macro environment continues to worsen from here  and we're in a scenario where revenues begin to decline year-on-year  can you remind us how much flexibility there is to pull back on the cost base maybe naturally in terms of variable expenses? And then would there be other levers that you have to pull in terms of a more challenging -- managing through in a more challenging revenue environment  if that were to come to fruition?Stephane BoujnahI'll give you the big picture and if Giorgio wants to elaborate or complement  he is welcome to do it. You have to understand that cost management has been the fundamental feature of the development of Euronext since 2015  2016. And we are not waiting for pressure on top line or for changing macro environment to deploy those sorts of mechanism internally to create extreme reactivity on cost management. So we are not surprised by the current environment and we already in the process of finalizing the budget for 2023 and as you can imagine  we take appropriate measures. So for us  cost management in difficult macro environment is not something new because it's just cost management  or stress testing on the cost front.Every unit in the organization is part of business as usual. It's not like in other organizations that factor the panic mode development  it's just the ordinary course of business. And I want to insist on that because effective cost management is not intellectually complicated  it's culturally complex. Organizations that are strong at managing costs are organizations with a culture of efficiency and cost discipline is deployed everywhere. And it's very long to put in place  and it's very effective as it exists. So that should be very  very clear. So we have all sorts of measures for adjusting cost based events.Now  when it comes to your first question about persistent inflation  it's clear we have some areas where our cost base is more impacted by inflation than in other areas  I mean  clearly  energy  which is an issue for all data centers  but in most cases  we can pass two or three clients with users  the cost of energy to our clients. For buildings  it is marginal compared to our cost base. We have increased the prices in technology  in hardware and software  in some professional services  and insurances or these types of areas and  clearly  we have to manage very  very carefully the pressure on labor costs.We are doing that in a very differentiated granular manner  there would not be any thumb downs in case of labor costs. And clearly we have to do it in a very differentiated manner  because our themes are spread across Europe and the inflation rates in Europe are very different. As you know  in countries like France is between 5% and 6% inflation  whereas in the Netherlands  it's close to 17%. So  we have to address the impact of inflation on labor cost in a super differentiated manner  in a timely manner and that's the best way to control it and to mitigate the impact for potentially to beat up the inflation -- relation between inflation and labor. Giorgio  do you want to compliment or to add more specific comments?Giorgio ModicaNo. Just to comment  clearly  the inflationary environment gives us an opportunity as well if you look at inflationary trend on revenue as well. We discussed market data  but market data is not going to be the only area on which we will reflect the increased cost in revenue. In the second element  we said our cost base is largely fixed. Having said that  there is no fixed cost in the mid-term  which means that should there be anything above and beyond what we are expecting  arguably that we will have the opportunity to revise our fixed cost base to make sure that we will deliver in any scenario the target promised for 2024.Matt MoonGreat. Thank you very much.OperatorThank you. We'll move on to our next question from Haley Tam of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.Haley TamGood morning. Thank you very much for taking my questions. If I dare could I ask a question about revenue capture  please  and then also one about your synergies. In terms of revenue capture  obviously  your cash trading yield was high this quarter a 0.53 basis points. Thank you for the education session you did give us a few weeks away. Can you talk to us about the sustainability at this level and how much of the improvement in Q3 was due to the liquidity programs and the customer segmentation you've talked about? And if you could help me understand the possible uplift from a migration of the Borsa Italiana to Euronext rescheduled next March  could you tell us what the current yield is excluding Borsa Italiana?And then if I can a question on synergies just to confirm the 24.4 million euro run rate that you have at the moment with the migration of Borsa to Optiq in March  should I expect that to account for or to better see most of the move to your original 60 million euro target  which I think was set excluding any Euronext excluding uplift. Thank you.Simon GallagherHi  this is --Stephane BoujnahGo ahead  Simon.Simon GallagherYeah  Simon Gallagher  I will answer your questions. So first of all  in terms of the yield performance in Q3  and the good yield performance  this was primarily due to the lower volume environment we witnessed over the quarter and as more volumes are going through the higher priced lower volume tranches of the fee grid. Secondly  in terms of outlook for the yield  I think we're going into an era now where the pricing programs that we are going to roll out going forward will be slightly more focused on capturing incremental volumes at a slightly lower marginal yield. So some of the pricing schemes you've seen us rollout in recent months have involved subscription fees for the first time.So these are very  very small volumes going through these pricing schemes at the moment  but I think -- and  Giorgio  please correct me  but I think some of the yield numbers we saw over the last year with smaller trade sizes contributing significantly to the yield numbers; I think we've seen sort of the top end of the of the yield numbers. Going forward into next year  there will be a number of important points in yield management  notably the integration of the Borsa Italiana volumes onto the Euronext V grid  and the new Euronext V grids  which will apply at that point. And so there will be further opportunities at the end of March for further yield enhancement on segmentation on the legacy bolster business. I don't know Giorgio in terms of any more -- outlook  feel me to be any more precise  please tell me.Giorgio ModicaMaybe a few comments on my side and just make a step back  before the integration of Borsa Italiana  we got it for the 0.50 type of sustainable margin. Now  we are running excluding Borsa Italiana in excess of 10% above that. And if you look at the combination between the market share and the revenue capture  this is still very positive. So clearly  we are not in the previous situation where we have an exceptionally high market share  an exceptionally high level of revenue capture  but the fundamental reasons for us benefit from higher revenue capture remains intact. Euronext remains the point of price formation and we are finally spending more and more time to client to make it even more evident.So what I would say is the following that in terms of the long-term sustainable rate  nothing is changing and we are running above what we define as a long-term sustainable target. So if we adjust the 0.50 for the integration on Borsa Italiana  this would put us in a couple of basis points that 0.47  0.48 and we're running at 0.53. So before that the integration of Borsa Italiana  clearly  we are in a good spot  and there's likely deputies measure will have a very  very limited impact on the overall revenue capture. So the key message is Euronext remains the point of transformation and we believe that in the long term we can sustain the level that we thought were sustainable in the long run at the level of around 0.50 basis points as we said.On the second question on the synergies  I cannot -- we will give more details in the fourth quarter  give to granular feedback  but what I can say is clearly in -- by the end of 2023  most of the synergies communicated will be delivered on a run rate basis. So  this really something that we can confirm there.Haley TamThank you.OperatorThank you. Now we'll move on to our next question from Bruce Hamilton of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open  please go ahead.Bruce HamiltonThanks very much. Couple of questions from me. One  just going back to sort of the NTI or NII on clearing looking forward  so I think if I heard correctly you're saying  think around sort of 20 basis points on the cash collateral. So are we saying that you're pretty insensitive to rates moving higher or do you get any benefit as rates move higher  or -- because Stephane  i.e. you’re paying overnight  but then investing in sort of one in three month  just to understand how that could sort of move in a high rate environment?And then secondly  on the sort of opportunities on the revenue side  I think  in the past  you've talked about the potential to roll out MTS internationally. And I just wondered where you are on that  and how big an opportunity that is  or whether we shouldn't be assuming too much from that. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahOn MTS  I'll make the point and on NTI  Giorgio will answer your question. Progress on MTS internalizations are happening. It's a slow development. What I can tell you is that in certain countries  like for example  France  progress have been significant in terms of volumes already. But it's a slow motion exercise  because it's all about entering into detailed dialogues with debt management offices that do not use the MTS platform for secondary trading for the moment  convincing them that this is a solution that is complementary to the historical relationship they have with primary dealers  clubs  and human interactions with the primary dealers. It's a long process  what we are observing is that in the context where interest rates are increasing  where secondary trading becomes more important and it used to be in a negative or very low interest rates environment. There is more opening and willingness by debt management offices across Europe to listen to the value added -- the added value of MTS solutions. So it's real  but it's slow  but it's starting to become -- to materialize. Giorgio.Giorgio ModicaJust maybe a quick comment on MTS  in the 15.4 billion of cash volumes  what we're seeing is  for example  higher share coming from the trading of French government bonds  the level which is unprecedented. So we are starting to see some first sign of positive traction  but as Stephane said  it is something that needs to be developed. When it comes to NTI  just to be clear  the 20 basis points and the current strategy we are adopting would make us immune to changes of interest rate and therefore we will not benefit from an increase of interest rates. We would have assets at variable rates and liabilities at variable rates  we would have fixed spread between the two. Our strategies does not include  for the moment  any optimization to take advantage of the 20 billion of collateral that shipped with Euronext Clearing at the moment and those billion might further increase following the increase of activity of Euronext Clearing.What would take for us to take a more a different stance would be I believe a few elements. The first one is a normalization of the environment  so an environment where interest rates are slightly more predictable than today; and second  really the assessment and the right balance between risk and reward of the investment of part of the collateral  but for the time being and to be going straight to your question is  with the strategy we’d be insensitive to interest rates  we’d make 20 basis point on collateral and we will not take any counterparty risk because our counterparty would be [indiscernible].Bruce HamiltonGreat. Thank you.OperatorThank you. We'll take our next question from Ian White of Autonomous Research. Your line is open  please go ahead.Ian WhiteHi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple from me  please. Firstly  just to sort of wrap up on cash equity trading. Have we seen all of the market share pressure there now? Can we expect stability or even growth in the market share again  from here? It sounds like again  you're sort of reiterating that this is sort of a post pandemic anomaly. So  I just wanted to clarify that we're kind of through that now.Secondly  I just wondered if you could perhaps say a bit more about how taking ownership of the data center might benefit Euronext business over the medium term. Might it help you to increase volumes from some of the larger market makers  since you now owe directly the terms of service for high frequency trading firms  for example  or are there any other particular opportunities we should be thinking about in terms of how the data center feed back into the wider group. Thanks very much.Stephane BoujnahOn the data center front  there are two areas of development. The first one will be clearly commented [Phonetic] by Simon in a minute but in addition to the impact on volumes  we are developing co-location services with the broader complimentary services offered to either market participants or to partners that are not necessarily market participants  but wants to be -- to benefit from the quality of our co-location services for other purposes. So we have launched the new offerings and we are starting to see tractions that are not directly Optiq related co-location services. So we should think about the data center as a new avenue of revenues in terms of technology solutions  and as an enabler  to more volumes or developments in our cash  equity trading going on the other assets trading really. So  Simon  over to you.Simon GallagherThank you  Stephane. So firstly  on the market share questions  so there's been no doubt since post COVID here that the level of competitive intensity on the core cash equities trading business has reverted to pre-COVID levels. So I think it's very good to put the recent movements in context. It wasn't too long ago that some of the big primary markets  including ourselves had market shares below 60% in -- I think it was 2014. And so I think we have seen movements in recent months.And as Giorgio has underlined previously on the call  we dispose off probably more tools in our box of pricing schemes and liquidity schemes than any other market. This week -- and this is all public information  we rolled out a new version of our flagship blue chip [Technical Difficulty] scheme and we're seeing very  very positive initial results on this with a positive effect on market share in the last three days  outperforming peers in particular. And so I think what we're seeing is just a simple reversion to the competitive intensity which was part of everyday life pre-COVID and we're well equipped to deal with that at Euronext.Secondly  just to comment -- Stephane comments on the data center  in addition to the incremental revenues from handling the data center ourselves from an operational perspective  we offer smart hands services  we offer lots of new value-added services  and we're looking at offering non-co-located customers space in the building as well. The impact on this in terms of liquidity is going to take a longer  longer period to settle down. In immediate months since migration  the liquidity impact was surprisingly stable for Euronext  which was very  very good news. So obviously  there's increased latency between ourselves and some of the technology setups of the big banks in London but all this went very  very smoothly.And going forward  I think the big change we'll see is a gradual shift of infrastructure  maybe from the UK environment by the big investment banks  to the triangle of liquidity  which is emerging between Zurich  Bergamo and Frankfurt. And so when these shifts of infrastructure's happen from the big US investment banks  I think this is when we'll start to see the center of sort of the liquidity in latency terms shifting to this new center of gravity in Europe  which will dominate volumes in Europe. So  it's very early days to see the liquidity benefits  but it's definitely going in that direction of travel. So hopefully that adds some color to Stephane’s answer.Ian WhiteThat's very interesting. Thanks for those points.OperatorThank you. We'll take our next question from Tobias Lukesch of Kepler Cheuvreux. Your line is open  please go ahead.Tobias LukeschYes  good morning. Thank you. Two questions on my side  both half answered  so bear with me  please. But I would like to  again  touch a little bit on the very positive integration Stephane you highlighted basically for that quarter. Looking into Q4  I was wondering  since we hardly saw any effects on the synergy side  and also integration costs wise  how we should think about Q4 in particular  and you just highlighted basically the outline for 2023  which is very helpful. And on the cost side  I mean  you said you're now on the planning mode  there will be an update next year with a clear cost target. But I was wondering  it's like if there's a little hint we could use for basically next year  especially maybe Q1  Q2  on the underlying cost side? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahThe only thing I can give you in terms of guidance is to reiterate our first guidance for 2022  which has been the number was revised and awards and that we confirm our cost guidance for 2022 despite inflationary pressure on 2022. The other thing I can confirm is overall guidance in terms of EBITDA growth for the end of before  as announced in November 2021. At this stage  we cannot provide you any guidance for cost in terms of fees nor more  specifically for Q1 or Q2. On the Q4 synergies  that quarterly reporting does not necessarily reflect the whole -- the phase of significant milestones  clearly this quarter was relatively sound in terms of real milestones  in terms of run rate synergies.Q4  we have more run rate synergies to be reported and 2023 will be a very significant in terms of run rate synergies in particular  it is not one thing but in particular because of the Optiq migration  which will have impact on cost  material impact on cost and the possibility of the transition service agreements with the [indiscernible] IT technology services provided by the London Stock Exchange Group to Borsa Italiana but also in terms of internal cost in terms of professional services that been deployed to organize this migration but also in terms of revenues as indicated earlier  with the harmonization of the feed rates for global players operating on the Italian market with the European fee environment  those requests were up. So 2023 will be very material  Q4 will be an active quarter in terms of synergies. I just want to highlight that what is important is that we confirm the overall ambition and target and objective to deliver by the end of 2024  100 million of EBITDA expansion for the group compared to what it was in [indiscernible] is good.Tobias LukeschThank you very much. If I may ask again  on the outlook you gave for 2023  if I got that correctly  you said most of these 60 million revenue synergies you were expecting to realize by 2023. Did I get that correctly?Giorgio ModicaSo what I was saying is that most of the 100 million synergies are expected to be delivered in 2023  including cost management [Phonetic].Tobias LukeschSorry  I had a bad line. So it's the underlying costs  so it's more under 40 million side that you expect that full effect to it by the end of 2023.Giorgio ModicaNo  no. What I said is most of the 100 million  the total target  most of the total synergy target  on run rate basis  is expected to be delivered in 2023  revenues and cost  the two.Tobias LukeschOkay  well understood now. Thank you very much.OperatorWe'll move on to our next question from Andrew Coombs from Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.Andrew CoombsGood morning. I think most of mine have been answered. But perhaps I could just ask on financing. I guess three parts of the question. Firstly  you've actually had a positive move both year-on-year and QonQ in the net financing income expense  which you put down to FX translation  but perhaps you could elaborate on that. Secondly  if I look at the split of your gross debt  and you helpfully put in slide 31 as well  it all seems to be fixed  but if you could just confirm that there's nothing floating rate in there. And then finally  given the move that we've seen in rates  does that impact on your thought process on M&A  how big you'd be willing to go your schedule  you want to keep flexibility  but the change in rates and potential implications for financing impact on your thought process as far as M&A is concerned? Thank you.Giorgio ModicaYeah. So to answer your question  yes  correctly  the reduction of net treasury income this quarter is mainly related to NFX wherein we have the revaluation of the stock in foreign currency that they have appreciated against the euro. But as a general trend  we are looking at the decrease  which is going to be recurring over time  because  more and more  we will be able to have a positive interest rate on our billion of cash. So this year  this quarter  that to certain extent  that is very specific FX impact but if we look at the next quarters  and into 2023  we might see as well  a positive trend coming from cashing in the cost opportunity of cash.When it comes to your question  do we factor the cost of debt into M&A? The answer is clearly yes. The answer is clearly yes. Despite the fact that we have a very favorable rates today  our 3 billion have an average maturity is slightly higher than eight year with the rate of 1%. And we are very fortunate to have locked in for a very long time a good rate. Despite that  in assessing any opportunity in the financial structure  we do take into consideration that the prevailing market conditions which are very different from what they were even only 12 months ago. If you can remind me your second question  because I didn't get it correctly  I want to make sure I get it right.Andrew CoombsI guess the other two parts  we're just making sure that all of the gross debt is fixed  there isn't a floating component within it and then  finally  just how you think about M&A in the context of more expensive financing now.Giorgio ModicaYeah  I can confirm that 100% of our debt is fixed  whereas  just as a reference  the same quarter last year  we had a swap in place that was terminated last quarter  and that allowed us to save money. So the decrease in terms of cost of financing is even higher considering that this quarter we are not benefiting from the hedge we have. And then when it comes to the side  again  I can repeat what I just said  in assessing any acquisition  we do consider that the new and prevailing financing condition  so this is what I can say. Then this is the part of the framework. So what we do consider and I can reiterate what we already said  is that our long-term objective is to remain strong investment grade  and financing costs are part of that equation. And the other element that I would like to underline  again  is that we have today more flexibility than we had just a few months ago because of the decision to reduce our fixed income portfolio because that fixed income portfolio was one of the important element triggering and not downgrade for clearing risks. So I believe that these contributors were to increase potentially the envelope available to us for future M&A.Andrew CoombsThat's very helpful. Thank you.OperatorAnd we will now take our last question from Mike Werner of UBS. Your line is open  please go ahead.Mike WernerThank you very much. I had a question regarding the Euronext Clearing opportunities. Can you just tell me where you are with regards to the potential opportunity to clear the derivatives that are traded within Euronext? I know  currently  you have a contract with LCH  it is for LCH Paris to clear that  I think  through 2027. Is there -- when should we think about that from a timing perspective? When is your first opportunity to exit that contract? And if you could provide any color with regards to the cost of that exit and when that should feed through from a revenue perspective into Euronext? Thank you.Giorgio ModicaSo  few considerations. The first one is  unfortunately  for many reason  I cannot answer as precisely as your question would suggest. What I can say is  unfortunately  general is the fact that as Euronext  we are money minded to migrate and to extend the activity of Euronext Clearing to clear the derivatives of the whole Euronext franchise. However  to do that  this is a decision making process on timing  which is not concluded and  therefore  I cannot elaborate further. Once we will have completed this process  we will inform and follow the necessary steps and just to give you a very clear indication  it is clearly  we will need to -- I mean  we will need to follow a number of very precise steps in the decision making process on the timing  it is not over yet. So  unfortunately  I cannot comment further.Mike WernerThank you. And kind of just a quick follow up. So  you said that most of the 100 million of synergy opportunities should be delivered on a run rate basis by the end of next year. So I can presume that any impact coming from the internalization of derivative clearing is not included in that 100 million?Giorgio ModicaAgain  I cannot comment further and add any detail that might entail the date of a potential termination of our derivative clearing arrangement with the list.Mike WernerOkay  thank you very much.OperatorThank you. There are no further questions. I will now hand you back to your host to conclude today's conference. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahThank you very much for your time and wish you a very good day.OperatorLadies and gentlemen  this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. Stay safe. You may now disconnect.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.23,0.41,True,English,"['Stephane Boujnah Q3 2022 Results', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'EUXTF', 'CEO', 'new core data center revenues', 'Euronext third quarter 2022 results conference call', 'Non volume related underlying revenues', 'Euronext Third Quarter 202 Results Call', 'lead diversified revenue stream', 'Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies', 'Borsa Italiana group integration', 'Conference Call Participants', 'volume related activities', 'advanced data services', 'volume related revenue', 'diversified business model', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'partial portfolio disposal', 'interest rate variations', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'lower trading volume', 'Borsa Italiana integration', 'first full quarter', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'Euronext N.V.', 'leading trading venue', 'underlying operating expenses', 'quarter third quarter', 'technology solutions revenue', 'unrivaled market quality', 'net treasury income', 'continuing cost discipline', '612 million cost guidance', 'underlying expenses', 'net income', 'Q2 results', 'Treasury costs', 'EBITDA margin', 'trademark discipline', 'cost side', 'Euronext CFO', 'Euronext Clearing', 'trading businesses', 'forex trading', 'power trading', 'Company Participants', 'market participants', 'travel expenses', 'cost performance', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'total revenue', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Giorgio Modica', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Arnaud Giblat', 'BNP Paribas', 'Matt Moon', 'Haley Tam', 'Credit Suisse', 'Bruce Hamilton', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Ian White', 'Autonomous Research', 'Tobias Lukesch', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Andrew Coombs', 'Mike Werner', 'UBS Operator', 'Managing Board', 'Management Board', 'main businesses', 'financial highlights', 'macro environment', 'migration report', 'equity markets', 'double-digit growth', 'capital loss', '35 million prospects', 'D&A.', 'normalized level', 'inflationary pressure', 'usual seasonality', 'slight decrease', 'interim dividends', 'successful migration', 'major milestones', 'significant project', 'solid performance', 'strong performance', 'future impact', 'negative impact', 'auditing position', 'equity listings', '350.3 million euro', 'Euroclear dividend', '18 listings', '1.21 euro', 'OTCPK', 'EUXTF', 'Chairman', 'Head', 'Cash', 'Derivatives', 'KBW', 'Citi', 'name', 'Laura', 'coordinator', 'today', 'event', 'host', 'CEO', 'everybody', 'webcast', 'resilience', 'strength', 'Europe', 'depth', 'addition', 'enlisting', 'industry', 'contribution', 'June', 'commodities', 'basis', 'tax', 'account', 'increase', 'marketing', 'pandemic', 'year', 'ability', 'EPS', 'share', 'mind', 'Q4', 'relation', 'targeted', 'quarters', 'delivery', 'continuation', '0.71']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,seekingalpha.com
12784,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biotalys-announces-participation-investor-industry-060000610.html,Biotalys announces participation at investor and industry events for the remainder of 2022,Ghent  Belgium  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with...,"Biotalys NVGhent  Belgium  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announces the upcoming participation of the company in a variety of European investor and business events. Biotalys welcomes the opportunity to engage with institutional and retail investors during these events to share the company’s exciting development since its IPO mid last year.North Carolina agriculture investor conferenceNovember 9  2022Research Triangle Park  NC USAPresentation by Patrice Sellès  CEO of BiotalysCrop Science Forum & Awards 20222November 10  2022VirtualBiotalys and its manufacturing partner Olon are finalist in the Award for Best Industry CollaborationKepler Cheuvreux Global AgriFood Forum 2022November 14  2022VirtualPresentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsGerman Equity ForumNovember 28-30  2022Frankfurt  GermanyPresentation by company management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsCanaccord Genuity AgriFood Tech Innovations ForumDecember 1  2022VirtualPresentation by company management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsBiotalys Shareholders ClubDecember 8  2022Ghent  BelgiumSite visit at Biotalys headquarters for retail investorsBiocontrol & BiomesDecember 13-14  2022Madrid  Spain (hybrid event)Presentation by Luc Maertens  COO of BiotalysAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com .Story continuesFor further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.19,0.43,True,English,"['industry events', 'Biotalys', 'participation', 'investor', 'remainder', '2022', 'Canaccord Genuity AgriFood Tech Innovations Forum', 'Kepler Cheuvreux Global AgriFood Forum', 'North Carolina agriculture investor conference', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'investors German Equity Forum', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Crop Science Forum', 'Research Triangle Park', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Best Industry Collaboration', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'safer food supply', 'Biotalys Shareholders Club', 'European investor', 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'upcoming participation', 'retail investors', 'exciting development', 'NC USA', 'manufacturing partner', '1-2-1 meetings', 'Site visit', 'hybrid event', 'Luc Maertens', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Communication T', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'business events', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'company management', 'Biotalys NV', 'Biotalys’ management', 'Biotalys headquarters', 'The Biotalys', 'Toon Musschoot', 'AgTech) company', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'BTLS', 'crops', 'variety', 'opportunity', 'institutional', 'IPO', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'Awards', 'Virtual', 'Olon', 'finalist', 'November', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'December', 'Biomes', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'COO', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Story', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'plans', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'none', 'guarantee', 'updates', 'adjustments', 'law']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12785,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-attend-credit-suisse-31st-060000453.html,Pharming to attend Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief...","LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference in Rancho Palos Verdes  California  November 7-10  2022.Pharming Group NV LogoPharming's CEO and CMO will be available for one-to-one investor and corporate meetings.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Credit Suisse representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to investor@pharming.com.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-to-attend-credit-suisse-31st-annual-healthcare-conference-301669621.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Pharming Group NV Logo', 'Credit Suisse representative', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Rancho Palos Verdes', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Investor Relations team', 'corporate meetings', 'management team', 'gene therapies', 'Anurag Relan', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'original content', 'one investor', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'California', 'CEO', 'CMO', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'USA', 'Pharming_Group_NV_Logo', 'news-releases', '31st-annual-healthcare-conference']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12786,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-present-hold-investor-meetings-164500470.html,Valneva to Present and Hold Investor Meetings at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,Saint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief...,VALNEVASaint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach and Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler will present and participate in 1-on-1 meetings with institutional investors at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference  to take place November 15-17  2022 in London  England.Additionally  Mr. Lingelbach and Mr. Bühler will participate in a fireside chat on Tuesday  November 15  2022  at 11:30am GMT  to discuss the Company’s late-stage vaccine candidates against chikungunya (VLA1553) and Lyme disease (VLA15)  as well as its commercial products. The webcast will be accessible live via the following link  https://wsw.com/webcast/jeff255/valn/1856007. A replay of the webcast will be available following the live events in the “Investor” section of the Valneva website at www.valneva.com.To request a meeting at the event  please contact your representative at Jefferies.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to successfully commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099communications@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to possible regulatory submissions and approval of VLA1553  and timing and plans for clinical programs and product candidates. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Investor Meetings', 'Valneva', 'Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. Bühler', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'possible regulatory submissions', 'European credit crisis', 'European Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'late-stage vaccine candidates', 'Global Investor Relations', 'clinical programs', 'other factors', 'other things', 'Mr. Lingelbach', 'Investor” section', 'vaccine science', 'The Company', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Lingelbach', '1-on-1 meetings', 'institutional investors', 'fireside chat', 'Lyme disease', 'commercial products', 'following link', 'live events', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Global Communications', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'product candidates', 'currency fluctuations', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'future events', 'Valneva Investor', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'vaccine development', 'three vaccines', 'infectious diseases', 'chikungunya virus', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'new information', 'Valneva SE', 'Valneva website', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'VLA', 'place', 'England', 'Tuesday', '11:30am', 'webcast', 'replay', 'representative', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'VP', 'business', 'respect', 'approval', 'timing', 'plans', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'manufacture', 'delays', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'light', 'assurance', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12787,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hashdex-vinter-launch-first-kind-090000278.html,Hashdex and Vinter Launch First-of-its-kind Crypto ETP,Offers European Investors Access to Unique Index-Based Product LONDON  ZURICH  NEW YORK  RIO DE JANEIRO - 7 November  2022 - Hashdex  a leading global crypto...,Hashdex AGOffers European Investors Access to Unique Index-Based ProductLONDON  ZURICH  NEW YORK  RIO DE JANEIRO - 7 November  2022 - Hashdex   a leading global crypto-focused investing company  today announced it has partnered with Vinter  the crypto index provider  for the launch of the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP (exchange-traded product). The first-of-its-kind investment vehicle is designed to enable institutional investors to capitalize on trending crypto assets that are experiencing upward price momentum. The product is the first crypto index ETP based on the momentum factor and is now listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange  and Xetra under ticker symbols “HAMO” and “HDXM”  respectively. The product will also be listed on EuroNext under the ticker symbol “HAMO” on Wednesday  November 9th. Trading for the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP will also roll out over the following days  beginning today on the SIX Swiss Exchange and then subsequently on November 8th on Xetra and November 9th on EuroNext. The prospectus  final terms  and other documents related to the product can be found here .“To attract institutional investors  it is necessary to create innovative products”  said Jacob Lindberg  CEO of Vinter. “The Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index is an innovative index - it allocates to the top performing crypto assets  while limiting the risk. Hashdex is one of the largest crypto asset investing companies globally  and we are pleased to partner with them to launch this ETP in the European market.”The new ETP tracks the Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index  co-developed by Hashdex and Vinter  and contains 12 large-cap crypto assets that are eligible on key European exchanges and exhibit relatively higher price momentum. The ETP limits the risk contribution of any single underlying asset and is rebalanced monthly. At launch  and as of the index’s last rebalancing  the four largest constituents accounting for 53% of the portfolio are Tron (17.94%)  XRP (12.28%)  Polygon (12.21%) and Binance Coin (10.63%). This allocation provides unique exposure compared to a market cap index and demonstrates the differentiation of the momentum approach. The top four allocations represent the crypto-assets with the best relative risk adjusted price performance  and the weights are determined in a quantitative and rules-based manner  providing exposure to assets that other more traditional approaches do not offer.Story continuesBruno Sousa  Head of New Markets at Hashdex adds  “There is an increasing appetite from investors to invest in high momentum crypto assets  and we are delighted to be able to offer this within our latest product. Vinter has a highly experienced team with an excellent track record  and provided the on-demand quantitative data we needed to support the creation of this unique product that expands our product offering beyond traditional investment strategies.”The launch of the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP and its corresponding Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index builds on Hashdex’s ongoing expansion efforts in both Europe and worldwide. In May 2022  the firm launched its first European product: the Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP on the SIX Swiss Exchange  which has seen strong net inflows since its listing despite challenging market conditions. The Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP is now tradable on the Euronext Paris and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbols HASH FP and HASH NA  respectively  and on Xetra under the ticker symbol HDX1 GY.Further details about the Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index and corresponding ETP can be found here .About VinterVinter is Europe’s fastest-growing index provider specialised in crypto assets  playing a key role in the emerging crypto ETF industry. The firm collects digital asset data from hundreds of sources  transforming proprietary strategies into investable products. For more information  please visit www.vinter.co.About HashdexHashdex is a global pioneer in crypto investing. Hashdex's simple and secure products invite innovative investors to join the emerging crypto economy. Hashdex's mission is to provide educational resources and best-in-class products that advance its efforts to build pathways to prosperity by opening the crypto ecosystem to the world. In 2021  Hashdex introduced the world's first crypto ETFs and other innovative products  enabling over 260 000 investors to simply and securely add crypto to their portfolios. For more information visit www.hashdex.comPress ContactsVinterBen Heathben@mvpr.ioHashdexEuropeEUPR@hashdex.comSwitzerland German speaking related queries: hashdex@pio-com.deGermany related queries: hashdex@pio-com.deFrance related queries: alban.saintjoigny@backbone.consultingSwitzerland French speaking queries: alban.saintjoigny@backbone.consultingUnited StatesKendal Till/Josh GerthDukas Linden Public RelationsHashdex@DLPR.comJack S. SongHashdexjack.song@hashdex.comDisclaimer:__________________________This marketing communication has been prepared by Hashdex AG  a company organized under the laws of Switzerland and does not constitute  nor form part of  an offer or invitation to subscribe  purchase  sell or otherwise dispose of any financial product issued by Hashdex AG.Financial products issued by Hashdex AG have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and (i) may not be offered  sold or delivered within the United States to  or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act)  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws and (ii) may be offered  sold or otherwise delivered at any time only to transferees that are Non-United States Persons (as defined by the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)).The products have been issued under Hashdex AG’s base prospectus dated 13 April 2022  in Switzerland  and under Hashdex AG’s base prospectus dated 12 August 2022  in the European Union (the Base Prospectus). The Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms are available via the following hyperlink https://hashdex.com/en-EU/document-center .The approval of the Base Prospectus should not be understood as an endorsement of the products by the competent authority which has approved said prospectus. Potential investors are strongly recommended to read the entire Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms  before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the products. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand.This marketing communication itself does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance should  for any purpose  be placed on this marketing communication. Further  it is subject to change at any time.Symbol Weights TRX 17.94% XRP 12.28% MATIC 12.21% BNB 10.63% BTC 9.82% UNI 6.31% ETH 6.27% DOT 5.73% ATOM 5.29% SOL 4.75% AVAX 4.41% ADA 4.36%,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.04,0.22,True,English,"['Crypto ETP', 'Hashdex', 'Vinter', 'kind', 'Josh Gerth Dukas Linden Public Relations Hashdex', 'best relative risk adjusted price performance', 'The Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index', 'corresponding Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index', 'The Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP', 'leading global crypto-focused investing company', 'largest crypto asset investing companies', 'Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP', 'first crypto index ETP', 'emerging crypto ETF industry', 'high momentum crypto assets', 'German speaking related queries', 'top performing crypto assets', 'upward price momentum', 'higher price momentum', 'crypto index provider', 'growing index provider', 'market cap index', 'emerging crypto economy', 'first crypto ETFs', 'four largest constituents', 'French speaking queries', 'single underlying asset', 'Germany related queries', 'France related queries', 'trending crypto assets', '12 large-cap crypto assets', 'top four allocations', 'The ETP', 'digital asset data', 'kind investment vehicle', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'excellent track record', 'strong net inflows', 'challenging market conditions', 'corresponding ETP', 'key European exchanges', 'traditional investment strategies', 'ongoing expansion efforts', 'Jack S. Song', 'first European product', 'crypto investing', 'European Investors Access', 'Unique Index-Based Product', 'risk contribution', 'innovative index', 'momentum approach', 'other innovative products', 'Hashdex Europe', 'new ETP', 'crypto ecosystem', 'global pioneer', 'European market', 'Hashdex AG', 'traditional approaches', 'key role', 'proprietary strategies', 'investable products', 'secure products', 'class products', 'unique product', 'innovative investors', 'NEW YORK', 'DE JANEIRO', 'ticker symbols', 'following days', 'final terms', 'other documents', 'Jacob Lindberg', 'last rebalancing', 'Binance Coin', 'rules-based manner', 'Bruno Sousa', 'New Markets', 'increasing appetite', 'experienced team', 'quantitative data', 'HASH FP', 'HASH NA', 'HDX1 GY', 'Further details', 'educational resources', 'Press Contacts', 'Ben Heath', 'United States', 'Kendal Till', 'marketing communication', 'unique exposure', 'institutional investors', 'exchange-traded product', 'latest product', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vinter.', '260,000 investors', 'LONDON', 'ZURICH', '7 November', 'launch', 'Xetra', 'HAMO', 'HDXM', 'Wednesday', 'Trading', 'prospectus', 'CEO', 'portfolio', 'XRP', 'Polygon', 'differentiation', 'crypto-assets', 'weights', 'Story', 'Head', 'demand', 'creation', 'worldwide', 'May', 'firm', 'listing', 'hundreds', 'information', 'simple', 'mission', 'pathways', 'prosperity', 'Switzerland', 'alban', 'saintjoigny', 'backbone', 'DLPR', 'Disclaimer']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12788,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exor-n-v-periodic-report-071000277.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29...,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 31 October 2022 32 262 67.8518 2 189 034.77 1 November 2022 17 425 68.5076 1 193 744.93 2 November 2022 27 223 68.0926 1 853 684.85 3 November 2022 31 500 67.3621 2 121 906.15 4 November 2022 31 500 68.6008 2 160 925.20 TOTAL 139 910 9 519 295.90After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €99.8 million for a total amount of 1 533 756 ordinary shares purchased.As of 4 November 2022  the Company held in total 12 330 937 ordinary shares in treasury (5.12% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'total ordinary issued share capital', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'ordinary shares', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Trading Date', 'Average price', 'Total consideration', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total amount', 'following transactions', 'Company', '29 July', 'Number', 'fees', '31 October', '1 November', 'purchases', '4 November', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12789,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005778/en/Poxel-Announces-Upcoming-Participation-at-the-Jefferies-London-Healthcare-Conference,Poxel Announces Upcoming Participation at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL – FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) a…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL – FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  today announced its participation at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference  to be held in London from Tuesday  November 15 to Thursday  November 17  2022.Members of the Poxel management team will be available for one-on-one meetings with investors.About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) met its primary endpoint in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). In rare diseases  development of PXL770  a first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  is focused on the treatment of adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  is now marketed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma and Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  and eleven other Asian countries. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Upcoming Participation', 'Poxel', 'direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase', 'autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease', 'eleven other Asian countries', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'chronic serious diseases', 'Poxel management team', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'rare diseases', 'rare disorders', 'other words', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'The Company', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative treatments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'one meetings', 'deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone', 'primary endpoint', 'Phase 2 trial', 'AMPK) activator', 'mitochondrial dysfunction', 'type 2 diabetes', 'Sumitomo Pharma', 'sales-based payments', 'strategic partnership', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'external hyperlinks', 'class product', 'Euronext Paris', 'POXEL SA', 'Forward-looking statements', 'LYON', 'NASH', 'participation', 'Tuesday', 'November', 'Thursday', 'Members', 'investors', 'PXL065', 'streamlined', 'development', 'PXL770', 'adrenoleukodystrophy', 'ALD', 'ADPKD', 'TWYMEEG®', 'Imeglimin', 'Japan', 'royalties', 'China', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Boston', 'Tokyo', 'information', 'poxelpharma', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'control', 'limitation', 'target', 'believe', 'aim', 'plan', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'content']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,businesswire.com
12790,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005319/en/MaaT-Pharma-Announces-Participation-in-Scientific-and-Investor-Conferences-in-November,MaaT Pharma Announces Participation in Scientific and Investor Conferences in November,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $MAAT--Regulatory News: MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for pat…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today announced the company’s scientific and management team’s participation in several scientific and investor conferences in November.Details of the events are as follows:Scientific conferencesNovember 8-10  2022 – 9th International Human Microbiome Consortium (IHMC) Congress: Hervé Affagard  CEO and cofounder of MaaT Pharma  and Dr. Aurore Duquenoy  R&D specialist at MaaT Pharma will present three scientific posters at the conference in Kobe  Japan. Link to the Congress here.November 9-11  2022 – 21st Société Francophone de Greffe de Moelle et de Thérapie Cellulaire (SFGM-TC) Congress - Booth #10: Dr. Emilie Plantamura  Head of Clinical Development at MaaT Pharma and Claire de Condé  Head of Clinical Operations at MaaT Pharma  will attend the congress in Bordeaux  France and will be available for discussions at MaaT Pharma’s booth #10. Link to the event here.Investor conferencesNovember 14  2022 – 7 th annual conference Inve€$tival Showcase – LSX Leaders in partnership with Jefferies: Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Carole Schwintner  Chief Technology Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the investor event in London  United Kingdom. More information available here.Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Carole Schwintner  Chief Technology Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the investor event in London  United Kingdom. More information available here. November 29  2022 – Investir Day: Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Savita Bernal  Chief Business Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the investor event in Paris  France. More information available here.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma launched in March 2022 in Europe  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is the first company developing microbiome-based therapies listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Investor Conferences', 'Participation', 'Scientific', 'November', '21st Société Francophone de', '9th International Human Microbiome Consortium', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Greffe de Moelle', 'Claire de Condé', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Dr. Aurore Duquenoy', 'R&D specialist', 'Thérapie Cellulaire', 'Dr. Emilie Plantamura', 'Inve€$tival Showcase', 'Siân Crouzet', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Dr. Carole Schwintner', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'Dr. Savita Bernal', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'Chief Business Officer', 'novel disease targets', 'three scientific posters', '7 th annual conference', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'microbiome therapies', 'Phase 2 trial', 'Clinical Operations', 'clinical practice', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'host disease', 'microbiome-based therapies', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'management team', 'several scientific', 'investor conferences', 'Scientific conferences', 'Hervé Affagard', 'LSX Leaders', 'United Kingdom', 'More information', 'Investir Day', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'Clinical Development', 'MaaT Pharma', 'first company', 'investor event', 'acute GvHD', 'SFGM-TC) Congress', 'Euronext Paris', 'LYON', 'France', 'pioneer', 'MET', 'patients', 'cancer', 'participation', 'November', 'Details', 'events', 'IHMC', 'CEO', 'cofounder', 'Kobe', 'Japan', 'Link', 'Booth', 'Head', 'Bordeaux', 'discussions', 'partnership', 'Jefferies', 'London', 'oncology', 'graft', 'March', 'Europe', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,businesswire.com
12791,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005985/en/Poxel-Presents-DESTINY-1-Phase-2-Results-for-PXL065-in-NASH-at-AASLD-The-Liver-Meeting%C2%AE-2022,Poxel Presents DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Results for PXL065 in NASH at AASLD The Liver Meeting® 2022,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) a…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  today announced that the results from its Phase 2 study of PXL065 in NASH (DESTINY-1) were presented during the late-breaking session at The Liver Meeting® 2022  hosted by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD)  being held in Washington  D.C. PXL065 is a novel  proprietary deuterium-stabilizedR-pioglitazone and one of the most advanced therapies in development in NASH  for which there is no approved treatment.Stephen Harrison  MD  President  Summit Clinical Research  and principal investigator of this study  presented the results in the oral presentation titled  “PXL065 (Deuterium-Stabilized R-enantiomer of pioglitazone) Reduces Liver Fat Content and Improves Liver Histology without PPARγ-mediated Side Effects in Patients with NASH: Analysis of a 36 Week Placebo-Controlled Phase 2 Trial (DESTINY-1).”Dr. Harrison noted: “PXL065 lacks in vitro PPARγ activity whereas deuterium-stabilized (S)-pioglitazone accounts for all of the PPARγ agonism of racemic pioglitazone. Based on the established efficacy of pioglitazone in NASH and these findings with PXL065  we sought to test the hypothesis that a TZD which retains non-genomic mechanisms and reduced net in vivo PPARγ burden could be an effective and safe approach to the treatment of NASH. The DESTINY-1 efficacy results are aligned with prior studies showing similar benefits with pioglitazone. Importantly  PXL065 appears to have a clear PPARγ-sparing profile with respect to characteristic adverse effects of pioglitazone. From DESTINY-1 we conclude that PXL065 is a differentiated and novel oral agent with a new chemical structure  distinct molecular pharmacology  a unique PK profile  reduced potential for PPARγ-driven adverse events and a very encouraging efficacy profile in patients with noncirrhotic NASH. Confirmation of histologic benefits by testing in a pivotal clinical trial is warranted.”Summary of Phase 2 NASH (DESTINY-1) PXL065 Study ResultsDESTINY-1 was a Phase 2  36-week  randomized  dose-ranging  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel group study designed to assess the efficacy and safety of PXL065 in patients with noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH across multiple clinical sites in the US. The primary endpoint of the study measured the relative change in the percentage of liver fat content based on magnetic resonance imaging-estimated proton density fat fraction (MRI-PDFF). The study also assessed the effects of PXL065 on liver histology and other metabolic and non-metabolic biomarkers.117 subjects were randomized to one of 4 daily (QD) treatment arms (7.5 mg  15 mg  22.5 mg  placebo). Analysis of histologic changes was based on paired liver biopsies in PXL065 vs. placebo-treated NASH patients before and after the 36-week treatment period.Results presented today are as follows:Changes in Liver Fat and Key Markers of Fibrosis and Liver InjuryThe primary efficacy endpoint was achieved: a statistically significant (p=0.024 to p=0.008) mean relative decrease vs. placebo of 21% to 25% in liver fat content from baseline to 36 weeks was observed at all PXL065 doses. 40% of patients who received PXL065 at the 22.5 mg dose achieved a >30% relative reduction in liver fat content.Trend in least-square mean ALT decreases up to 18.4 IU/L vs. baseline. Subjects experiencing a decrease in ALT by more than -17U/L were numerically higher in the PXL065 groups (38% to 54%) versus placebo (26%).Statistically significant dose-dependent decreases in PIIINP (fibrogenesis biomarker  p=0.02 at 22.5 mg) and the NAFLD Fibrosis Score (p=0.04 at 22.5 mg) along with favorable trends for dose-dependent improvements in other markers of fibrogenesis/fibrosis risk (ProC3  ELF  Fib4) were observed.Biopsy EndpointsFibrosis improvement by > 1 stage without worsening of NASH  an endpoint recognized by FDA for approval  occurred in 31-50% patients in the PXL065 study arms vs. 17% with placebo. Across all PXL065 treatment arms (pooled data)  39% of patients had fibrosis improvement by ≥1 stage without worsening NASH vs. 17% with placebo.1 stage without worsening of NASH  an endpoint recognized by FDA for approval  occurred in 31-50% patients in the PXL065 study arms vs. 17% with placebo. Across all PXL065 treatment arms (pooled data)  39% of patients had fibrosis improvement by ≥1 stage without worsening NASH vs. 17% with placebo. Worsening of fibrosis by > 1 stage was observed in 9-12% of patients in PXL065 arms vs. 26% with placebo.1 stage was observed in 9-12% of patients in PXL065 arms vs. 26% with placebo. A > 2 point improvement in the NAFLD Activity Score (NAS) with no worsening of fibrosis was observed in 50% of PXL065 treated patients at the 15 and 22.5 mg dose levels vs. 30% with placebo.2 point improvement in the NAFLD Activity Score (NAS) with no worsening of fibrosis was observed in 50% of PXL065 treated patients at the 15 and 22.5 mg dose levels vs. 30% with placebo. Across all PXL065 treatment arms (pooled data)  26% of patients achieved NASH resolution with ≥1 stage fibrosis improvement vs. 13% with placebo.Metabolic ParametersA dose-dependent decrease in HbA1c (up to 0.41 % placebo-adjusted; p=0.003 at 22.5 mg) was observed; in patients with co-existing Type 2 diabetes  the placebo-adjusted change was up to -0.56%. Given baseline HbA1c values indicating good glucose control on existing Type 2 diabetes treatments (6.1-6.3% overall; 6.6-7.4% in T2D)  these effects are potentially clinically meaningful.Modest plasma adiponectin level increase (p<0.0001 vs. placebo at 22.5 mg); consistent with limited degree of PPARg activation and observed safety profile with reduced potential for weight gain or peripheral edema.Improvements in insulin levels and insulin sensitivity indices (HOMA-IR  Adipo-IR  QUICKI) were also observed.Safety & TolerabilityThere was no dose-dependent increase in body weight: a minimal least-square mean increase of 0.68 kg was observed at the top dose of 22.5 mg vs. placebo.Low incidence of edema without observed treatment or dose relation when compared to placebo.With respect to other safety measures  PXL065 was observed to be generally safe and well tolerated; the number of patients presenting with treatment-emergent serious adverse events (TESAEs) were similar among all groups including placebo without dose effect. None were treatment related.PharmacokineticsAs predicted  pharmacokinetic measurements showed dose-proportional drug levels with the desired degree of higher exposure to the pioglitazone R-stereoisomer and reduced exposure to the (PPARg active) S-stereoisomer.About PXL065PXL065 is a novel  proprietary deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone. Although pioglitazone is not approved by the FDA for the treatment of NASH  it is the most extensively studied drug for NASH; in multiple prior trials  improvements in liver histology  including reductions in fibrosis  were demonstrated1 2. Pioglitazone is the only drug recommended for biopsy-proven NASH patients by the Practice Guidelines published by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL)3. Pioglitazone’s off-label use for NASH  however  has been limited due to the PPARγ-related side effects  which include weight gain  bone fractures and fluid retention.Pioglitazone is a 1:1 mixture of two mirror-image compounds (R- and S-stereoisomers) that interconvert in vivo. Using deuterium  Poxel stabilized each stereoisomer and characterized their different pharmacological properties. In in vitro studies  PXL065 has been shown to target non-genomic pathways including mitochondrial pyruvate carrier (MPC) and acyl-CoA synthetase 4 (ACSL4). In preclinical animal models  PXL065 exhibits the NASH efficacy associated with pioglitazone with no significant weight gain or fluid retention  side effects which are associated with the S-stereoisomer4. NASH Phase 2 (DESTINY 1 trial) results available to-date show statistically significant effects of PXL065 on liver fat content  biomarkers related to liver fibrogenesis-fibrosis risk  as well as positive effects on fibrosis and other key parameters based on histology analysis. Relative to published data for pioglitazone  reduced potential for weight gain and edema was also evident. Based upon preclinical  Phase 1 and Phase 2 results  Poxel believes that PXL065 may have a better therapeutic profile than pioglitazone for NASH and may also have suitable properties for further development in other indications including adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD).About NASHNon-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a metabolic disease with no clear disease origin that is quickly becoming a worldwide epidemic. It is characterized by the accumulation of fat in the liver causing inflammation and fibrosis. The disease can be silent for a long period of time  but once it accelerates  severe damage and liver cirrhosis can occur  which can significantly impact liver function or can even result in liver failure or liver cancer. Typical risk factors for NASH include obesity  elevated levels of blood lipids (such as cholesterol and triglycerides) and type 2 diabetes. Currently no curative or specific therapies are available.About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) met its primary endpoint in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). In rare diseases  development of PXL770  a first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  is focused on the treatment of adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  is now marketed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma and Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  and eleven other Asian countries. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.1 Cusi  et al.  Ann Intern Med. 2016  165(5)  305-315.2 Musso et al. Hepatology 2017; 65: 1058-1061.3 J Hepatol. 2016  64:1388-402; Hepatology 2018  67: 328-357.4 Jacques et al. Hepatol Comm 2021; 5:1412-1425.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.22,0.52,True,English,"['DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Results', 'The Liver Meeting', 'Poxel', 'PXL065', 'NASH', 'AASLD', 'Phase 2, 36-week, randomized, dose-ranging, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study', 'magnetic resonance imaging-estimated proton density fat fraction', '36 Week Placebo-Controlled Phase 2 Trial', 'PPARγ-driven adverse events', 'clear PPARγ-sparing profile', 'PPARγ-mediated Side Effects', '4 daily (QD) treatment arms', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', '36-week treatment period', 'The DESTINY-1 efficacy results', 'pivotal clinical trial', 'unique PK profile', 'Summit Clinical Research', 'multiple clinical sites', 'vitro PPARγ activity', 'characteristic adverse effects', 'new chemical structure', 'distinct molecular pharmacology', 'NAFLD Activity Score', 'The Liver Meeting', 'Liver Fat Content', 'encouraging efficacy profile', 'novel, proprietary deuterium-stabilized', 'deuterium-stabilized (S)-pioglitazone', 'chronic serious diseases', 'novel oral agent', 'significant dose-dependent decreases', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'square mean ALT', 'D.C. PXL065', 'NAFLD Fibrosis Score', 'PXL065 study arms', 'PXL065 treatment arms', '22.5 mg dose levels', 'noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH', 'Phase 2 study', 'primary efficacy endpoint', '1) PXL065 Study Results', 'placebo-treated NASH patients', 'Phase 2 NASH', 'PPARγ agonism', 'PPARγ burden', 'Liver Diseases', 'PXL065 arms', 'Deuterium-Stabilized R-enantiomer', 'oral presentation', 'dose-dependent improvements', 'Liver Histology', 'liver biopsies', 'Liver Injury', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'other metabolic', 'primary endpoint', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative treatments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'late-breaking session', 'American Association', 'advanced therapies', 'Stephen Harrison', 'principal investigator', 'Dr. Harrison', 'non-genomic mechanisms', 'safe approach', 'prior studies', 'similar benefits', 'histologic benefits', 'relative change', 'Key Markers', '>30% relative reduction', 'fibrogenesis biomarker', 'favorable trends', 'other markers', 'fibrogenesis/fibrosis risk', 'Biopsy Endpoints', '> 2 point improvement', 'noncirrhotic NASH', 'PXL065 doses', 'PXL065 groups', 'Fibrosis improvement', 'POXEL SA', 'histologic changes', 'relative decrease', '31-50% patients', 'racemic pioglitazone', 'worsening o', '15 mg', '1 stage', 'LYON', 'Euronext', 'AASLD', 'Washington', 'R-pioglitazone', 'development', 'MD', 'President', 'Analysis', 'findings', 'hypothesis', 'TZD', 'vivo', 'effective', 'respect', 'differentiated', 'reduced', 'potential', 'Confirmation', 'Summary', 'safety', 'percentage', 'MRI-PDFF', '117 subjects', 'baseline', '36 weeks', '4 IU', '17U', 'PIIINP', 'ProC', 'ELF', 'FDA', 'approval', 'data']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,businesswire.com
12792,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221106005032/en/Transgene-Reports-Business-Update-And-Q3-2022-Financial-Position,Transgene Reports Business Update And Q3 2022 Financial Position,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #HBV--Regulatory News: Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  today announces its business update and its financia…,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  today announces its business update and its financial position for the quarter ending September 30  2022.Positive result from interim analysis of Phase II trial evaluating TG4001 + avelumab vs avelumab in HPV-positive anogenital cancersOn November 2  2022  Transgene announced that following a prespecified interim analysis of its randomized  controlled Phase II clinical study comparing TG4001 in combination with avelumab to avelumab alone in patients with HPV16-positive anogenital tumors (NCT: 03260023)  the Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) has recommended the study continues.Based on progression-free survival (PFS) and positive efficacy signals observed in the interim analysis  the trial is now expected to enroll a total of 120 patients compared to the initial forecast of 150 patients. Transgene anticipates the last patient to be randomized in the trial in H1 2024. Final results will be communicated subsequently when they are available.Final positive results from this trial would allow Transgene to launch a registration trial to further confirm the benefit of its therapeutic vaccine. TG4001 aims at bringing a new solution to patients who currently have very limited treatment options.The positive interim analysis result highlights the potential of Transgene’s platform of therapeutic vaccines based on the MVA viral vector. Alongside TG4001  Transgene is also developing TG4050  an individualized  MVA-based therapeutic vaccine. TG4050 is currently being evaluated in two Phase I trials and has also delivered initial positive data  including in a randomized trial (see below).Key events of the third quarter 2022 and expected news flowDuring an R&D day  held on September 27  2022  Transgene’s management team  leading clinicians and scientists from around the world  provided insights on TG4001  TG4050 and the progress of the Invir.IO™ platform.TG4001: New positive clinical data from previous trial in HPV16+ cancer patientsIn a previous single-arm Phase Ib/II  Transgene generated strong clinical data in advanced HPV16-positive cancer patients who received TG4001 + avelumab. The Company also identified a patient population that derived increased benefit from the treatment: metastatic patients with lesions located in organs other than the liver.In these patients  an overall response rate (ORR) of 32%  a median PFS of 5.6 months and a median overall survival (OS) of 13.3 months were achieved in this earlier trial. These results compare favorably with checkpoint inhibitors administered alone.The treatment induced HPV16-specific T-cell responses and was associated with increased levels of immune cell infiltration in the tumors and expression of genes associated with activation of the immune system.The current randomized  controlled Phase II trial was launched based on these very encouraging data.TG4050: New updates from the two ongoing Phase I trials confirm the strong potential of this individualized cancer vaccineIn the head and neck cancer trial  20 of the 30 planned patients have been randomized at the end of August 2022. All 10 evaluable patients who immediately received vaccination with TG4050 (arm A) remain stable and in complete response at the cutoff date. Out of the 10 patients of the control arm  who are monitored and did not receive the vaccine (arm B)  3 have experienced relapse.In the ovarian cancer trial (n=5)  one patient treated after an elevation of CA-125 experienced a normalization of CA-125 without clinical progression for nine months until death from an unrelated chronic illness. Another patient was treated upon onset of radiological evidence of relapse and remained stable for 11.4 months.To date  the vaccine has been well tolerated and no related Serious Adverse Events have been reported across the two studies.In the two clinical studies  enrollment has been completed. Enrolled patients are being randomized or treated in line with study protocols. Overall  Transgene plans to treat 13 patients in the ovarian cancer trial and 30 patients in the head and neck cancer trial.Transgene plans to communicate an update on these potentially landscape changing trials at a scientific conference in the first half of 2023.Significant progress on oncolytic viruses  including data demonstrating the potential of the Invir.IO™ platform oncolytic viruses to be administered intravenouslyTransgene presented a poster on TG6002 at the ESMO congress (September 11  2022). The Company discussed positive confirmatory data from the Phase I trial evaluating TG6002 administered intravenously (IV) in combination with oral 5-FC in patients with advanced gastrointestinal carcinomas. These updated data generated on 37 patients treated at the highest dose levels of the Phase I demonstrated that the therapy is well tolerated and confirmed the mechanism of action of TG6002 administered IV.These findings support the potential of IV administration of Invir.IO™-based oncolytic viruses  extending the use of these therapies to a broad range of solid tumors. Additional data will be produced from the Phase I program and will be presented at a scientific congress in the first half of 2023.In June 2022  Transgene and BioInvent released positive progress and safety data in the ongoing Phase I/IIa trial evaluating BT-001 in patients with solid tumors. The initial data generated in the Phase I part A demonstrated that BT-001 alone is well tolerated  with first signs of anti-tumor activity in a hard-to-treat population and confirmed the mechanism of action of BT-001 as a single agent. A clinical collaboration and supply agreement for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) was signed with MSD (Merck & Co) at the end of June 2022. The Phase Ib part of the clinical trial (combination with pembrolizumab) is expected to start in the first half of 2023.At the R&D day  Transgene introduced a novel oncolytic virus vectorizing human IL-12 that has been designed to be administered intravenously. This Invir.IO™ candidate is expected to enter clinical development in 2023.AstraZeneca will present a poster at SITC 2022 (November 8–12  2022)  on a construct that was designed within the frame of its collaboration with Transgene. The preclinical data that will be presented highlight oncolysis and tumor-specific immunity induced by the oncolytic virus.Summary of key ongoing clinical trialsTG4001 + avelumabPhase II NCT03260023 Targets: HPV16 E6 and E7 oncoproteins Recurrent/metastatic anogenital HPV16-positive — 1st (patients ineligible for chemotherapy) and 2nd lines ✓ Randomized Phase II trial comparing the combination of TG4001 with avelumab versus avelumab alone ✓ Active patient enrollment in Europe (France and Spain) and in the USA ✓ Positive result of interim analysis  allowing trial to continue. Total number of patients to be randomized reduced from 150 to 120 ➲ Last patient expected to be randomized in H1 2024myvac® TG4050 Phase I NCT03839524 Targets: tumor neoantigens ✓ Codeveloped with NEC ✓ Positive initial data demonstrating the immunogenicity of the vaccine as well as first signs of clinical activity ➲ Additional data on the 2 trials expected in H1 2023 Ovarian cancer — after surgery and first-line chemotherapy ✓ Trial ongoing in the USA and in France ✓ Patient enrollment completed TG4050 Phase I NCT04183166 HPV-negative head and neck cancer — after surgery and adjuvant therapy ✓ Trial ongoing in the UK and in France ✓ Patient enrollment completedTG6002 Phase I/IIa NCT03724071 Payload: FCU1 for the local production of a 5-FU chemotherapy ➲ Additional data to be presented in H1 2023 Advanced gastro-intestinal cancer (colorectal cancer for Phase II) — Intravenous (IV) administration ✓ Multicenter trial ongoing in France  Belgium and Spain ✓ Data confirming the potential of the IV administration presented at ESMO 2022 (Sept. 2022) ✓ Patient enrollment completed in Phase I part TG6002 Phase I/IIa NCT04194034 Colorectal cancer with liver metastasis — Intrahepatic artery (IHA) administration ✓ Multicenter trial ongoing in the UK and in France ✓ Patient enrollment completed in Phase I partInvir.IO™ BT-001 Phase I/IIa NCT04725331 Payload: anti-CTLA4 antibody and GM-CSF cytokine Solid tumors ✓ Co-development with BioInvent ✓ Collaboration agreement with MSD  supplying pembrolizumab for the trial ✓ Trial ongoing in France  Belgium and approved in the USA ✓ Initial data showing safety and first signs of clinical activity ➲ Start of part B of the Phase I trial in H1 2023Operating incomeQ3 First Nine Months In millions of euros 2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue from collaborative and licensing agreements 0.7 0.2 3.0 1.6 Government financing for research expenditures 1.5 1.4 5.2 4.9 Other income 0.1 0.2 0.2 0.3 Operating income 2.3 1.8 8.4 6.8During the first nine months of 2022  operating income amounted to €8.4 million compared to €6.8 million in the same period in 2021.Revenue from collaborative and licensing agreements amounted to €3 million in the first nine months of 2022  compared with €1.6 million in the same period in 2021. These revenues are mainly derived from Transgene’s collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca on the Invir.IO™ program  whose recognized income represents €3 million as of September 30  2022. Of this amount  €0.5 million reflects recognition of the initial payment for work done during the period and €2.5 million in respect of the supply of candidates and the performance of R&D services.During the first nine months of 2022  government financing for research expenditures  mainly in the form of a research tax credit  amounted to €5.2 million  compared to €4.9 million for the same period in 2021.Cash  cash equivalents and other financial assetsCash  cash equivalents and other financial assets stood at €36.3 million as of September 30  2022  compared to €49.6 million as of December 31  2021. In the first nine months of 2022  Transgene’s cash burn amounted to €13.3 million (including the receipt of an $8 million payment for the first license option exercised by AstraZeneca end of 2021) compared to a cash burn of €18.7 million for the same period in 2021 (excluding capital increase).Transgene has financial visibility until the end of 2023.Post-closing eventOn October 11  2022  Transgene notified Tasly Holding Group and its subsidiary Tianjin Fuhade Technology Development Co. the exercise of its option under the Tasly BioPharmaceuticals Shareholder Agreement  requiring them to repurchase Transgene’s stake in Tasly BioPharmaceuticals.***About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells.The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of two therapeutic vaccines (TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  and TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform) as well as two oncolytic viruses (TG6002 for the treatment of solid tumors  and BT-001  the first oncolytic virus based on the Invir.IO™ platform).With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO™  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses. Transgene has an ongoing Invir.IO™ collaboration with AstraZeneca.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on Twitter: @TransgeneSADisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.17,0.34,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Financial Position', 'Transgene Reports', 'Business Update', 'current randomized, controlled Phase II trial', 'randomized, controlled Phase II clinical study', 'two ongoing Phase I trials', 'two Phase I trials', 'previous single-arm Phase Ib/II', 'Independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'individualized, MVA-based therapeutic vaccine', 'New positive clinical data', 'positive interim analysis result', 'advanced HPV16-positive cancer patients', 'landscape changing trials', 'two clinical studies', 'advanced gastrointestinal carcinomas', 'positive efficacy signals', 'HPV-positive anogenital cancers', 'MVA viral vector', 'R&D day', 'HPV16-specific T-cell responses', 'unrelated chronic illness', 'positive confirmatory data', 'strong clinical data', 'individualized cancer vaccine', 'prespecified interim analysis', 'HPV16-positive anogenital tumors', 'overall response rate', 'immune cell infiltration', 'Serious Adverse Events', 'highest dose levels', 'initial positive data', 'neck cancer trial', 'ovarian cancer trial', 'Invir.IO™ platform', 'median overall survival', 'Final positive results', 'limited treatment options', 'HPV16+ cancer patients', 'randomized trial', 'two studies', 'clinical progression', 'previous trial', 'study protocols', 'encouraging data', 'updated data', 'new solution', 'therapeutic vaccines', 'New updates', 'progression-free survival', 'initial forecast', 'Final results', 'registration trial', 'Key events', 'earlier trial', 'increased levels', 'immune system', 'complete response', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'biotech company', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'financial position', 'news flow', 'management team', 'leading clinicians', 'The Company', 'median PFS', 'checkpoint inhibitors', 'arm A', 'control arm', 'arm B', 'radiological evidence', 'scientific conference', 'first half', 'ESMO congress', 'oral 5-FC', 'strong potential', 'last patient', 'patient population', 'one patient', 'Euronext Paris', 'business update', 'third quarter', 'metastatic patients', '30 planned patients', '10 evaluable patients', 'cutoff date', 'Significant progress', 'oncolytic viruses', 'nine months', '120 patients', '150 patients', '10 patients', '13 patients', '30 patients', '37 patients', '5.6 months', '13.3 months', '11.4 months', 'STRASBOURG', 'France', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'September', 'TG4001', 'avelumab', 'November', 'combination', 'NCT', 'IDMC', 'total', 'H1', 'benefit', 'TG4050', 'scientists', 'world', 'insights', 'lesions', 'organs', 'liver', 'ORR', 'expression', 'genes', 'activation', 'head', 'August', 'vaccination', 'relapse', 'elevation', 'CA-125', 'normalization', 'death', 'onset', 'enrollment', 'line', 'poster', 'TG6002', 'therapy', 'mechanism', 'action', 'findings']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,businesswire.com
12793,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crossject-big-improvement-ga-social-170000766.html,CROSSJECT - Big improvement in the Gaïa social and environmental rating - Further proof of CROSSJECT’s commitment,Press Release Big improvement in the Gaïa social and environmental rating Further proof of CROSSJECT’s commitment Dijon  7 November 2022 at 6pm (CET...,CROSSJECTPress ReleaseBig improvement in theGaïa social and environmental ratingFurther proof of CROSSJECT’s commitmentDijon  7 November 2022 at 6pm (CET)CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drug / device combinations for use in emergency situations  is proud to announce a significant improvement in its Gaïa rating  with an overall score of 60/100 vs 46 last year. As a reminder  Gaïa Rating is an ESG rating agency used by leading asset management companies in their management process and investment decisions.CROSSJECT first undertook to adopt an active approach to achieve the best environmental  social and governance (ESG) reporting standards in 2019  and can confirm significant new improvements on all the criteria analysed by Gaïa  further to the other awards received to date this year.More than just compliance with constantly changing standards  ESG management for CROSSJECT is clearly embedded in its broader development strategy and operating performance. As reflected in its commitment to the chemical industry’s “Responsible Care” programme  CROSSJECT continues to work tirelessly for continuous improvement in the areas of environmental protection  health and safety.Patrick Alexandre  Crossject CEO  said: “We are very keen to improve our Gaïa score  which objectively reflects our tireless efforts to achieve the best social and environmental standards. Our decision to accept benchmarking resonates perfectly with the spirit of our CSR strategy: embrace requirements voluntarily before they become constraints!”Contacts:CrossjectPatrick Alexandreinfo@crossject.com Investor relationsAELIUMJérôme GACOIN +33 (0) 1 75 77 54 67crossject@aelium.frPress relationsBuzz & CompagnieMélanie Voisard +33 (0)6 12 52 53 15melanie.voisard@buzzetcompagnie.comChristelle Distinguin +33 (0)6 09 96 51 70christelle.distinguin@buzzetcompagnie.comAbout CROSSJECT• www.crossject.comStory continuesCROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ; LEI: 969500W1VTFNL2D85A65) is developing and is soon to market a portfolio of drugs dedicated to emergency situations: epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack. Thanks to its patented needlefree self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency drugs. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014; it receives funding from the United States BARDA (Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority) and from Bpifrance.Attachment,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.18,0.16,True,English,"['Gaïa social', 'Big improvement', 'environmental rating', 'Further proof', 'CROSSJECT', 'commitment', 'Jérôme GACOIN', 'patented needlefree self-injection system', 'leading asset management companies', 'Responsible Care” programme', 'Euronext Growth market', 'United States BARDA', 'Biomedical Advanced Research', 'significant new improvements', 'ESG rating agency', 'Gaïa rating', 'Gaïa social', 'Gaïa score', 'specialty pharma company', 'ESG) reporting standards', 'broader development strategy', 'Mélanie Voisard', 'best environmental, social', 'self-administered emergency drugs', 'CROSSJECT Press Release', 'Crossject Patrick Alexandre', 'ESG management', 'best social', 'environmental rating', 'management process', 'environmental standards', 'significant improvement', 'overall score', 'CSR strategy', 'Press relations', 'Development Authority', 'emergency situations', 'changing standards', 'environmental protection', 'Big improvement', 'Further proof', 'device combinations', 'investment decisions', 'active approach', 'other awards', 'operating performance', 'chemical industry', 'continuous improvement', 'tireless efforts', 'Investor relations', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'world leader', 'Christelle Distinguin', 'Crossject CEO', 'commitment', 'Dijon', '7 November', '6pm', 'CET', 'Ticker', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'use', 'reminder', 'governance', 'criteria', 'date', 'compliance', 'constantly', 'areas', 'health', 'safety', 'benchmarking', 'spirit', 'requirements', 'constraints', 'Contacts', 'AELIUM', 'Buzz', 'Compagnie', 'Story', 'LEI', 'epilepsy', 'overdose', 'Paris', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12794,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/launch-share-buyback-program-164600842.html,Launch of a share buyback program,Paris  7th November 2022 – As part of Ipsos' 4-year plan  which was announced both in a press release and during its Investor Day presentation on 14 June...,"IPSOSParis  7th November 2022 – As part of Ipsos' 4-year plan  which was announced both in a press release and during its Investor Day presentation on 14 June  2022  the Company's priorities in the area of capital allocation and the return of value to shareholders include the launch of a new share buyback program of up to 2% of the share capital per year subject to market conditions.This program comes on top of Ipsos’ existing annual share repurchases implemented to compensate for the dilution from Ipsos’ free share and option plans for managers and employees.To this end  the Company will proceed  between now and 28 December 2022  with a first tranche of share repurchases with a view to their cancellation  up to an amount of approximately 10 million euros  corresponding to approximately 0.5% of its share capital at the closing price on 4 November 2022 (47.85 euros)  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the authorizations granted by the Combined General Meeting held on 17 May 2022 (Resolutions 23 and 24).Ipsos reserves the right to suspend the program at any time depending on market conditions or the implementation of its investment strategy.A description of this share buyback program is available on the Company's website (www.ipsos.com) in the section entitled ""Investors""  and in the subsection relating to regulated information.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research companies in the world  present in 90 markets and employing more than 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Our tagline ""Game Changers"" sums up our ambition to help our 5 000 customers move confidently through a rapidly changing world.Story continuesFounded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD). ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPwww.ipsos.comAttachment",neutral,0.3,0.7,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Launch', 'Ipsos’ existing annual share repurchases', 'largest market research companies', 'new share buyback program', 'curious research professionals', 'Investor Day presentation', 'Combined General Meeting', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', ""Ipsos' 4-year plan"", 'Ipsos’ free share', 'share capital', 'market conditions', 'press release', 'capital allocation', 'option plans', 'first tranche', 'closing price', 'investment strategy', 'regulated information', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', '7th November', '10 million euros', 'changing world', 'Euronext Paris', '4 November', '47.85 euros', 'part', '14 June', 'Company', 'priorities', 'area', 'return', 'value', 'shareholders', 'launch', 'top', 'dilution', 'managers', 'employees', 'end', '28 December', 'view', 'cancellation', 'amount', 'accordance', 'terms', 'authorizations', '17 May', 'Resolutions', 'right', 'time', 'implementation', 'description', 'website', 'section', 'Investors', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', '75 solutions', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'Story', 'France', 'July', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12795,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005376/en/Wolters-Kluwer-Kicks-Off-18th-Annual-CCH-Connections-User-Conference-to-Advance-Technology-Innovation-in-Tax-Accounting-and-Audit,Wolters Kluwer Kicks Off 18th Annual CCH Connections: User Conference to Advance Technology Innovation in Tax  Accounting and Audit,TAMPA  Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #accounting--Wolters Kluwer Kicks Off 18th Annual CCH Connections: User Conference to Advance Technology Innovation in Tax  Accounting & Audit,TAMPA  Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Tomorrow  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting will kick off its 18th annual CCH Connections: User Conference  where more than 1 100 tax  accounting and audit professionals will come together to collaborate  network with peers  learn how to leverage Wolters Kluwer technologies to their fullest potential  and gain new insights on key trends impacting the profession in 2023 and beyond.Jason Marx  President and Chief Executive Officer  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting North America  said:“We’re excited to bring our customers together again this year for the CCH Connections: User Conference this year  where our customers will learn from some of the industry's most influential experts  connect with peers and gain practical insights that help them to simplify the way they work  improve profitability  make more informed decisions  and grow their businesses with confidence.”The CCH Connections: User Conference will be held Nov. 8-11  in Tampa  Florida. Keynote speakers and presentations include:J ason Marx  CEO of Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting North America   will explore how innovation continues to drive the evolution of the tax and accounting profession and will preview new Wolters Kluwer innovations that help firms improve efficiency  profitability and accelerate growth.  will explore how innovation continues to drive the evolution of the tax and accounting profession and will preview new Wolters Kluwer innovations that help firms improve efficiency  profitability and accelerate growth. Duncan Wardle  former Head of Creativity and Innovation at The Walt Disney Company   will share why Thinking Different is key to building a profitable business and a winning culture.  will share why Thinking Different is key to building a profitable business and a winning culture. Shola Richards  CEO and Founder of Go Together Global and best-selling author of Making Work Work and Go Together  will share encouraging yet practical guidance on how firms can create a positive workplace culture where every employee can thrive.will share encouraging yet practical guidance on how firms can create a positive workplace culture where every employee can thrive. An interactive  augmented reality exhibit hosted by Microsoft  which will provide a glimpse into what the CCH Axcess™ experience of the future could look like.Every attendee  from associates to partners  will also have the opportunity to:Be among the first to learn about impactful enhancements to leading Wolters Kluwer technologies including CCH Axcess™  CCH® Pro System fx®   and CCH® AnswerConnect .including and . Earn up to 22 CPE credits .. Choose from more than 80+ unique and engaging breakout sessions  lectures  discussion pods and workshops which feature content in four specialized content tracks – audit  firm management  tax and technology – led by some of the best and brightest experts in the tax and accounting industry.which feature content in four specialized content tracks – audit  firm management  tax and technology – led by some of the best and brightest experts in the tax and accounting industry. Learn new ways to maximize Wolters Kluwer technology and get interactive access to live demonstrations of current and soon-to-be-released Wolters Kluwer product innovations.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs around 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['18th Annual CCH Connections', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'User Conference', 'Technology Innovation', 'Accounting', 'Audit', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'interactive, augmented reality exhibit', 'four specialized content tracks', 'Wolters Kluwer product innovations', '18th annual CCH Connections', 'The Walt Disney Company', 'new Wolters Kluwer innovations', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'The CCH Connections', 'engaging breakout sessions', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer technologies', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'CCH® Pro System', 'J ason Marx', 'positive workplace culture', 'CCH Axcess™ experience', 'Accounting North America', 'Wolters Kluwer technology', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'new insights', 'new ways', 'interactive access', '2021 annual revenues', 'CCH® AnswerConnect', 'Jason Marx', 'winning culture', 'User Conference', 'fullest potential', 'key trends', 'influential experts', 'practical insights', 'informed decisions', 'Keynote speakers', 'Duncan Wardle', 'former Head', 'profitable business', 'Shola Richards', 'selling author', 'practical guidance', 'impactful enhancements', '22 CPE credits', '80+ unique', 'discussion pods', 'firm management', 'brightest experts', 'live demonstrations', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'advanced technology', 'accounting profession', 'accounting industry', '1,100 tax, accounting', 'professional information', 'audit professionals', 'TAMPA', 'Fla.', 'peers', 'President', 'customers', 'profitability', 'businesses', 'confidence', 'Florida', 'presentations', 'CEO', 'evolution', 'firms', 'efficiency', 'growth', 'Creativity', 'Thinking', 'Founder', 'Go', 'best', 'encouraging', 'employee', 'Microsoft', 'glimpse', 'future', 'attendee', 'associates', 'partners', 'opportunity', 'lectures', 'workshops', 'current', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'risk', 'compliance', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,businesswire.com
12796,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/worldline-acquire-banco-desio-merchant-060000793.html,Worldline to acquire Banco Desio merchant acquiring activities,Worldline to acquire merchant acquiringactivities of Banco Desio Reinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partner...,"WORLDLINE SAWorldline to acquire merchant acquiringactivities of Banco DesioReinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partnerParis  La Défense  November 7  2022 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces the signing of a binding agreement for the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities and the planned set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage Banco Desio’s banking network in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: ""I am very proud to announce the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities. This operation is fully in line with our strategy to further expand our Merchant Services activities towards the South of Europe and in particular in Italy  a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline where we intend to continue leveraging our footprint built last year through the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 and the set-up of the Worldline MS Italy joint venture.This transaction offers attractive development opportunities for Worldline in the coming years  leveraging a strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s full suite of end-to-end payment solutions to merchants.With this transaction  Worldline keeps on playing the leading role in the consolidation of the European payments industry  with a focus on value-creating consolidation opportunities  enhancing Worldline scale  reach and significant presence in a growing number of countries.”Acquisition of merchant acquiring activities of Banco Desio and set-up of a long-term commercial partnershipBanco Desio Group is an important Italian banking group with a strong local approach delivered through a network of more than 230 branches. The banking group was looking for a partner to acquire  operate and develop its merchant acquiring portfolio which delivers payment solutions to c. 15 thousand merchants generating c. 40 million transactions per year  representing c. € 2.0 billion of MSV. It also manages the marketing and distribution of more than 19 thousand POS to the merchants within the bank’s network.Story continuesAs part of the transaction  Worldline will enter a long-term commercial partnership with Banco Desio aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s best-in-class payment product and services to merchants.Reinforcement of Worldline presence in Italy  one of the most attractive payment markets in EuropeFollowing the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 and the set-up of the Worldline MS Italy joint venture  this transaction is fully in line with Worldline’s strategy to reinforce its presence in Italy  a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. The country is the third largest euro economy in Europe with a cash penetration that remains high with cash accounting for close to 76% of total payment volume in 20211  a rapid shift from cash to card and electronic payment adoption and by one of the highest POS densities per inhabitants in Europe. Transactions acquired are well balanced by card type (Credit cards  PagoBancomat  and Debit & Prepaid).As an additional very compelling characteristic  Luxury and Retail market is one of the most important sectors of the Italian economy and a key pillar of its economic growth. In addition  with close to 100 million tourists per year  Italy is one of the most visited countries in Europe and in the world. This represents a very attractive feature of the Italian payment market offering numerous additional growth opportunities in a post-Covid context by leveraging the very rich Worldline portfolio of Luxury & Retail and Travel & Hospitality solutions.Key items of the transactionWorldline to acquire 100% of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities through the Worldline MS Italy joint venture for c. € 100 millionAdditional annual revenue of c. € 15 million in year one with expected double-digit organic growth in the coming yearsOMDA margin expected above 30% at closingExpected closing in Q1 2023 after the usual regulatory approvalsForthcoming eventFebruary 21  2023 FY 2022 resultsApril 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 resultsOctober 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 20 000 employees in more than 50 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2021 Worldline generated a proforma revenue close to 4 billion euros. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2022 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 source: Politecnico di MilanoAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.71,0.25,0.04,True,English,"['Banco Desio merchant', 'Worldline', 'activities', 'Worldline MS Italy joint venture', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'third largest euro economy', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'numerous additional growth opportunities', 'important Italian banking group', 'Additional annual revenue', 'La Défense', 'double-digit organic growth', 'usual regulatory approvals', 'strong local approach', 'class payment product', 'total payment volume', 'electronic payment adoption', 'highest POS densities', 'innovative solutions fostering', 'long-term commercial partnership', 'promising Italian market', 'merchant acquiring portfolio', 'attractive development opportunities', 'value-creating consolidation opportunities', 'key commercial channel', 'Italian payment market', 'European payments industry', 'rich Worldline portfolio', 'merchant acquiring activities', 'attractive payment markets', 'strong banking network', 'c. 40 million transactions', 'Banco Desio Group', 'end payment solutions', 'Merchant Services activities', 'Italian economy', 'important sectors', 'economic growth', 'payment products', '19 thousand POS', 'key pillar', '100 million tourists', 'Hospitality solutions', 'Key items', 'strong partner', 'payment services', 'strategic market', 'Axepta Italy', 'merchant customers', 'Q3 2023 revenue', 'global leader', 'binding agreement', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'coming years', 'full suite', 'leading role', 'growing number', 'rapid shift', 'Credit cards', 'compelling characteristic', 'close to', 'attractive feature', 'post-Covid context', 'OMDA margin', 'Forthcoming event', 'sustainable, trusted', 'Retail market', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'WORLDLINE SA', 'Worldline scale', 'significant presence', 'technology partner', 'Worldline presence', 'card type', 'FY 2022 results', 'cash penetration', '15 thousand merchants', '2023 results', 'Reinforcement', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'signing', 'acquisition', 'set-up', 'order', 'CEO', 'operation', 'strategy', 'South', 'footprint', 'focus', 'reach', 'countries', '230 branches', 'MSV', 'marketing', 'distribution', 'Story', 'country', 'inhabitants', 'PagoBancomat', 'Debit', 'Luxury', 'Travel', 'closing', 'February', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'Contacts', 'Benoit', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'choice', 'banks', 'acquirers', '20,000 employees', 'clients']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12797,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-repurchase-program-kbc-ancora-164000180.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 04 November 2022,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  07 November 2022 (17:40 CET) Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 04 November 2022 As part ...,KBC AncoraRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  07 November 2022 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 04 November 2022As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 23 200 shares in the period from 31 October 2022 to 04 November 2022.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 31 October 2022 5 500 36.07 35.98 36.44 198 394.35 Tue 1 November 2022 3 700 36.44 36.20 36.66 134 813.94 Wed 2 November 2022 5 000 36.05 35.78 36.60 180 228.00 Thu 3 November 2022 4 000 36.14 35.90 36.28 144 573.20 Fri 4 November 2022 5 000 37.36 36.70 37.58 186 787.00 TOTAL(period concerned) 23 200 36.41 35.78 37.58 844 796.49 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 723 838 34.73 31.68 38.62 25 141 464.99All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 723 838 of its own shares  or 0.92% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 34.73 euros per share and for a total amount of 25 141 465 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 50.28% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:27 January 2023 Interim financial report (1H)1 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202327 October 2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersStory continuesThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '04 November', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Interim financial report', 'Annual press release', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '07 November', 'Update', '04 November', 'part', '20 May', '23,200 shares', 'period', '31 October', 'question', 'Mon', 'Tue', '1 November', 'Wed', '2 November', 'start', '10 June', '34.73 euros', '1,465 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '27 January', '1 September', '27 October', 'Story', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12798,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-share-buy-063000524.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0152 £ 24.5700 Estimated MTD return -0.47 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return -4.06 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 180.15 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 600 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 307 514 130 254 Held in treasury 9 074 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6194 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0606The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '600 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-euro-nav-share-buy-063000105.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0152 £ 24.5700 Estimated MTD return -0.47 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return -4.06 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 180.15 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 600 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 307 514 130 254 Held in treasury 9 074 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6194 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0606The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '600 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12800,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-to-attend-credit-suisse-31st-annual-healthcare-conference-301669621.html,Pharming to attend Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit…","LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference in Rancho Palos Verdes  California  November 7-10  2022.Pharming's CEO and CMO will be available for one-to-one investor and corporate meetings.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Credit Suisse representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to investor@pharming.com.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'Credit Suisse representative', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Rancho Palos Verdes', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Investor Relations team', 'corporate meetings', 'management team', 'gene therapies', 'one investor', 'Anurag Relan', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'California', 'November', 'CEO', 'CMO', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,prnewswire.co.uk
12801,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549231/0/en/argenx-to-Present-at-Upcoming-Investor-Conferences.html,argenx to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences,November 7  2022Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in sev…,November 7  2022Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in several upcoming investor conferences in November:Guggenheim Healthcare Talks 4 th Annual Immunology and Neurology Day. Fireside chat on Monday  November 14  2022 at 11:20 a.m. ET in New York  NY.Fireside chat on Monday  November 14  2022 at 11:20 a.m. ET in New York  NY. Stifel 2022 Healthcare Conference. Fireside chat on Tuesday  November 15  2022 at 4:45 p.m. ET in New York  NY.Fireside chat on Tuesday  November 15  2022 at 4:45 p.m. ET in New York  NY. Jefferies London Healthcare Conference. Management will participate in investor meetings on Wednesday  November 16  2022 in London  UK.Management will participate in investor meetings on Wednesday  November 16  2022 in London  UK. Evercore ISI 5 th Annual HealthCONx Conference. Virtual fireside chat on Tuesday  November 29  2022 at 10:55 a.m. ET.Virtual fireside chat on Tuesday  November 29  2022 at 10:55 a.m. ET. Piper Sandler 34th Annual Healthcare Conference. Fireside chat on Wednesday  November 30  2022 at 1:00 p.m. ET in New York  NY.Additional information regarding these events will be available on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan and the EU. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Kelsey Kirkkkirk@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.com,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'argenx', 'Evercore ISI 5 th Annual HealthCONx Conference', 'Piper Sandler 34th Annual Healthcare Conference', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'several upcoming investor conferences', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', '4 th Annual Immunology', 'Stifel 2022 Healthcare Conference', 'Guggenheim Healthcare Talks', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'Virtual fireside chat', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'investor meetings', 'The Company', 'Neurology Day', 'New York', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Kelsey Kirk', 'Beth DelGiacco', 'Additional information', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'November', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'members', 'management', 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'Wednesday', 'UK', '10:55 a', 'events', 'IIP', 'Japan', 'efgartigimod', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'bdelgiacco', '11:20', '4:45', '1:00']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549263/0/en/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amste…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 31 October 2022 32 262 67.8518 2 189 034.77 1 November 2022 17 425 68.5076 1 193 744.93 2 November 2022 27 223 68.0926 1 853 684.85 3 November 2022 31 500 67.3621 2 121 906.15 4 November 2022 31 500 68.6008 2 160 925.20 TOTAL 139 910 9 519 295.90After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €99.8 million for a total amount of 1 533 756 ordinary shares purchased.As of 4 November 2022  the Company held in total 12 330 937 ordinary shares in treasury (5.12% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'total ordinary issued share capital', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'ordinary shares', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Trading Date', 'Average price', 'Total consideration', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total amount', 'following transactions', 'Company', '29 July', 'Number', 'fees', '31 October', '1 November', 'purchases', '4 November', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550027/0/en/Valneva-to-Present-and-Hold-Investor-Meetings-at-the-Jefferies-London-Healthcare-Conference.html,Valneva to Present and Hold Investor Meetings at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,Saint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach and Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler will present and participate i…,English FrenchSaint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach and Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler will present and participate in 1-on-1 meetings with institutional investors at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference  to take place November 15-17  2022 in London  England.Additionally  Mr. Lingelbach and Mr. Bühler will participate in a fireside chat on Tuesday  November 15  2022  at 11:30am GMT  to discuss the Company’s late-stage vaccine candidates against chikungunya (VLA1553) and Lyme disease (VLA15)  as well as its commercial products. The webcast will be accessible live via the following link  https://wsw.com/webcast/jeff255/valn/1856007. A replay of the webcast will be available following the live events in the “Investor” section of the Valneva website at www.valneva.com.To request a meeting at the event  please contact your representative at Jefferies.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to successfully commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099communications@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to possible regulatory submissions and approval of VLA1553  and timing and plans for clinical programs and product candidates. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Investor Meetings', 'Valneva', 'Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. Bühler', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'possible regulatory submissions', 'European credit crisis', 'European Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'late-stage vaccine candidates', 'Global Investor Relations', 'clinical programs', 'other factors', 'other things', 'Mr. Lingelbach', 'Investor” section', 'vaccine science', 'The Company', 'actual results', 'future results', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Lingelbach', '1-on-1 meetings', 'institutional investors', 'fireside chat', 'Lyme disease', 'commercial products', 'following link', 'live events', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Global Communications', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'product candidates', 'currency fluctuations', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'future events', 'Valneva Investor', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'vaccine development', 'three vaccines', 'infectious diseases', 'chikungunya virus', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'new information', 'Valneva SE', 'Valneva website', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'VLA', 'place', 'England', 'Tuesday', '11:30am', 'webcast', 'replay', 'representative', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'VP', 'business', 'respect', 'approval', 'timing', 'plans', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'manufacture', 'delays', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'light', 'assurance', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12804,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005794/en/Medidata-Gathers-Life-Sciences-Leaders-to-%E2%80%98Solve-Their-Impossible%E2%80%99-at-NEXT-New-York-Conference,Medidata Gathers Life Sciences Leaders to ‘Solve Their Impossible’ at NEXT New York Conference,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company  will gather hundreds of the best and brightest members of the life sciences industry to explore the latest innovations—from the next generation of clinical data management to scaling decentrali…,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company  will gather hundreds of the best and brightest members of the life sciences industry to explore the latest innovations—from the next generation of clinical data management to scaling decentralized trials through advanced analytics and patient insights.NEXT New York  November 15-16  will feature interactive experiences along with provocative discussions of the leading issues in clinical trial research. Life sciences’ most innovative thinkers have been invited to “Come Solve Your Impossible” and enable tomorrow’s breakthroughs. A limited number of seats are available. To register please click here.“ NEXT New York will be an experience like no other event in life sciences. We’ve worked to curate a mix of speakers and attendees to generate a unique perspective on solving the most pressing industry challenges ” said Sastry Chilukuri  Medidata co-CEO. “ Our leading  unified clinical trial platform is uniquely positioned to help the industry run tomorrow's trials today and accelerate the development of drugs  vaccines  and medical devices  benefiting patients worldwide.”Following opening remarks from Tarek Sherif  Life Sciences and Healthcare Sector Board Chairman at Dassault Systèmes  Chilukuri  Medidata co-CEO Rama Kondru  and its Patient Cloud CEO Anthony Costello will take the stage for the opening keynote focused on the future of the industry  including the critical elements to consider in building and launching the clinical trials of the future.The agenda sessions organized by industry tracks includes:DCT and the Patient ExperienceBecome a DCT Master: Understanding the Lifecycle of Decentralized Clinical Trials (pre-event session) – Attendees will learn some of the foundational elements of designing decentralized/hybrid clinical trials  and how these advancements in study design impact patients  sponsors  and sites– Attendees will learn some of the foundational elements of designing decentralized/hybrid clinical trials  and how these advancements in study design impact patients  sponsors  and sites Bristol Myers Squibb  Emerson Clinical Research Institute  Meridian Clinical Research - Two Truths and a Lie: What Do Sites REALLY Think About eConsent?- Two Truths and a Lie: What Do Sites REALLY Think About eConsent? Circuit Clinical  Merck  Moderna  ICON  Seagen - The DCT Power Hour- The DCT Power Hour Medidata - Unveiling the new myMedidata App for eCOA: Designer-powered to Expedite Build Times & Study Start UpClinical OperationsModerna - Moderna's Success with End-to-End Risk Detection and Quality Oversight- Moderna's Success with End-to-End Risk Detection and Quality Oversight ACRO (Association of Clinical Research Organizations) - Keeping Up with Quality: Insights on How the Industry is Adopting Risk-Based Quality Management- Keeping Up with Quality: Insights on How the Industry is Adopting Risk-Based Quality Management Moffitt Cancer Center & PTC Therapeutics - Don't Become a Financial Burden! The Power of Collaboration for Financial Success- Don't Become a Financial Burden! The Power of Collaboration for Financial Success PROMETRIKA - Lost in Translation: How to Get Clinical Operations and Data Management to Speak the Same LanguageMedical DeviceAbbott  Conformal Medical - Accelerating Technology Adoption and Patient-centricity in Medical Device Trials- Accelerating Technology Adoption and Patient-centricity in Medical Device Trials ICON Medical Imaging - The Future of Medical Imaging: How Artificial Intelligence can Transform the Medical Device Industry- The Future of Medical Imaging: How Artificial Intelligence can Transform the Medical Device Industry Stryker - Tomorrow's Trials Today: Digital Innovation in Medical DeviceData ManagementModerna  Merck  ICON - The Evolution of eSource and the Revolution in Clinical Data Management- The Evolution of eSource and the Revolution in Clinical Data Management Syneos Health - Solving the EHR to EDC Challenge: A New Perspective  Approach  and Technology- Solving the EHR to EDC Challenge: A New Perspective  Approach  and Technology Seagen - Testing  Testing  123...456: Experiences with the Rave Coder+ Beta ProgramEvidence GenerationPPD - Integrated Diversity Data to Drive More Representative Trials- Integrated Diversity Data to Drive More Representative Trials Johnson & Johnson - Is Data Linkage the Next Big Thing in Real World Evidence?- Is Data Linkage the Next Big Thing in Real World Evidence? Parexel  Emerson Clinical Research Institute  Edwards Lifesciences - Diversity by Design: Making Clinical Trials Equitable- Diversity by Design: Making Clinical Trials Equitable Medidata - Deciding When an External Control Arm is Right for Your TrialFrom Ideation to CommercializationBIOVIA - Bedside to Bench: Model-based Design and Development for Precision Medicine and Novel TherapeuticsIndustry RoundtablesPPD - Diversity in Clinical Trials- Diversity in Clinical Trials Blue Spark Technologies - In a Digital World-What’s Your Digital Strategy? The Benefits of Wearable Sensors in Clinical Trials- In a Digital World-What’s Your Digital Strategy? The Benefits of Wearable Sensors in Clinical Trials International Indirect Tax - Reducing Global Tax Risk Within Clinical Trials: Be in the KnowNEXT New York will be capped off by recognizing the winner of the inaugural Glen de Vries Epic Award  a new honor in memory of Medidata’s co-founder  who tragically passed away in November 2021.NEXT New York is sponsored by some of the top organizations in life sciences  including: PPD  Syneos Health  eClinical  ICON  Labcorp  TempTraq  Caidya  Circuit Clinical  CTI  Everest Clinical Research  Parexel  and PROMETRIKA.Medidata is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dassault Systèmes  which with its 3DEXPERIENCE platform is positioned to lead the digital transformation of life sciences in the age of personalized medicine with the first end-to-end scientific and business platform  from research to commercialization.About MedidataMedidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences  creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical  biotech  medical device and diagnostics companies  and academic researchers accelerate value  2 000+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development  commercial  and real-world data. Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @Medidata.About Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com.3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.02,0.48,True,English,"['NEXT New York Conference', 'Life Sciences Leaders', 'Medidata Gathers', 'Impossible', 'Risk-Based Quality Management Moffitt Cancer Center', 'Patient Cloud CEO Anthony Costello', 'Same Language Medical Device Abbott', 'leading, unified clinical trial platform', 'Healthcare Sector Board Chairman', 'Rave Coder+ Beta Program', 'Dassault Systèmes company', 'The DCT Power Hour Medidata', 'Emerson Clinical Research Institute', 'More Representative Trials Johnson', 'clinical trial research', 'Meridian Clinical Research', 'Clinical Research Organizations', 'CEO Rama Kondru', 'Bristol Myers Squibb', 'External Control Arm', 'Blue Spark Technologies', 'Next Big Thing', 'new myMedidata App', 'clinical data management', 'Real World Evidence', 'Medical Device Trials', 'decentralized/hybrid clinical trials', 'pressing industry challenges', 'End Risk Detection', 'NEXT New York', 'Medical Device Industry', 'Decentralized Clinical Trials', 'Integrated Diversity Data', 'Financial Success PROMETRIKA', 'ICON Medical Imaging', 'life sciences industry', 'Accelerating Technology Adoption', 'leading issues', 'DCT Master', 'decentralized trials', 'next generation', 'Circuit Clinical', 'Clinical Operations', 'medical devices', 'Conformal Medical', 'Evidence Generation', 'Digital World', 'Data Linkage', 'Patient Experience', 'Quality Oversight', 'New Perspective', 'patient insights', 'Financial Burden', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'brightest members', 'latest innovations', 'advanced analytics', 'provocative discussions', 'innovative thinkers', 'limited number', 'other event', 'unique perspective', 'opening remarks', 'Tarek Sherif', 'opening keynote', 'critical elements', 'agenda sessions', 'industry tracks', 'pre-event session', 'foundational elements', 'Two Truths', 'Build Times', 'PTC Therapeutics', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'Digital Innovation', 'Syneos Health', 'EDC Challenge', 'Edwards Lifesciences', 'Precision Medicine', 'Novel Therapeutics', 'Industry Roundtables', 'Digital Strategy', 'The Evolution', 'interactive experiences', 'Sastry Chilukuri', 'Technology Seagen', 'impact patients', 'Model-based Design', 'hundreds', 'best', 'Impossible', 'tomorrow', 'breakthroughs', 'seats', 'mix', 'speakers', 'attendees', 'development', 'drugs', 'vaccines', 'stage', 'future', 'Lifecycle', 'advancements', 'study', 'sponsors', 'sites', 'Lie', 'eConsent', 'Merck', 'Moderna', 'eCOA', 'Designer', 'ACRO', 'Association', 'Collaboration', 'Translation', 'Patient-centricity', 'eSource', 'Revolution', 'EHR', 'Approach', 'Testing', 'PPD', 'Parexel', 'Ideation', 'Commercialization', 'BIOVIA', 'Bench', 'Benefits']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,businesswire.com
12805,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550031/0/en/Deinove-Announces-the-Opening-of-Receivership-Proceedings.html,Deinove Announces the Opening of Receivership Proceedings,DEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent  global challenge of antibiotic resistance  announces that  following the Company's request (press re…,"English FrenchDEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent  global challenge of antibiotic resistance  announces that  following the Company's request (press release published on October 28  2022)  the Montpellier Commercial Court decided on November 7  2022 to open receivership proceedings (“procédure de redressement judiciaire”) with an observation period (“période d'observation”) of 6 weeks from the opening judgment  during which time the Company will continue its current activities.The Court also appointed the firm FHBX in the person of Maître Jean-François Blanc as receiver (“administrateur judiciaire”).""With the cooperation of the receiver  we will examine all possible recovery solutions"" says Alexis Rideau  Chief Executive Officer of DEINOVE.The purpose of these proceedings is to evaluate all solutions that could enable the Company to continue its business activity  maintain employment  and pay off its liabilities under the best possible conditions  and also to initiate a process to attract investors within the framework of a recovery plan by way of continuation or a sale plan.Regular press releases will be issued as the receivership proceedings progress.The listing of the Company's shares (ISIN: FR0010879056)  which was suspended on October 28  2022  will resume on November 8  2022.ABOUT DEINOVEDEINOVE is a French biotechnology company pioneering the exploration of a new domain of life  unexplored at 99.9%: the “microbial dark matter”. By revealing the metabolic potential of rare bacteria or still classified as uncultivable  it tackles a global health and economic challenge: antimicrobial resistance.The new therapies discovered and developed by DEINOVE target superbugs (microbes that have become resistant to one or more antimicrobials) that cause life-threatening infections which are now spreading at high speed.This breakthrough approach gave rise to one of the world’s first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms and a unique collection of nearly 10 000 rare strains and thousands of bacterial extracts. Today  DEINOVE is conducting several development programs  of which its first antibiotic candidate is currently evaluated in a Phase II clinical trial in severe Clostridioides difficile infection  one of the world’s first emergencies. The Company has also developed new bacterial micro-factories that address the other issue in the race against antimicrobial resistance: the industrial production of these rare and low concentrated compounds with often too complex chemical structures to be generated by chemical synthesis.Located at the heart of the Euromedecine park in Montpellier  DEINOVE has been listed on EURONEXT GROWTH® (ALDEI – code ISIN FR0010879056) since 2010. The Company has 45 employees and relies on a network of world-class academic  technological  industrial and institutional partners.CONTACTSInvestorsMario AlcarazChief Financial and Administrative Officer+33 (0)4 48 19 01 00ir@deinove.comMediaATCG Partners+33 (0)9 81 87 46 72communication@deinove.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.15,0.61,True,English,"['Receivership Proceedings', 'Deinove', 'Opening', 'Maître Jean-François Blanc', 'procédure de redressement judiciaire', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'severe Clostridioides difficile infection', 'first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms', 'world-class academic, technological, industrial', 'best possible conditions', 'microbial dark matter', 'several development programs', 'low concentrated compounds', 'Regular press releases', 'first antibiotic candidate', 'complex chemical structures', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'urgent, global challenge', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new bacterial micro-factories', 'Montpellier Commercial Court', 'possible recovery solutions', 'receivership proceedings progress', 'French biotech company', 'French biotechnology company', 'administrateur judiciaire', 'first emergencies', 'industrial production', 'EURONEXT GROWTH®', 'English French', 'antibiotic resistance', 'The Court', 'recovery plan', 'global health', 'economic challenge', 'chemical synthesis', 'Chief Financial', 'Administrative Officer', 'bacterial biodiversity', 'new domain', 'new therapies', 'bacterial extracts', 'période', 'opening judgment', 'current activities', 'Alexis Rideau', 'business activity', 'sale plan', 'metabolic potential', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'life-threatening infections', 'high speed', 'breakthrough approach', 'unique collection', 'other issue', 'Euromedecine park', 'institutional partners', 'Mario Alcaraz', 'ATCG Partners', 'The Company', 'rare bacteria', '10,000 rare strains', 'observation period', 'DEINOVE', 'ALDEI', 'pioneer', 'exploration', 'exploitation', 'request', 'October', 'November', '6 weeks', 'time', 'firm', 'FHBX', 'person', 'cooperation', 'purpose', 'employment', 'liabilities', 'process', 'investors', 'framework', 'way', 'continuation', 'listing', 'shares', 'superbugs', 'microbes', 'antimicrobials', 'rise', 'thousands', 'race', 'heart', 'code', 'ISIN', '45 employees', 'network', 'CONTACTS', 'Media', 'communication', 'Attachment', '9']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12806,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549236/0/en/Biotalys-announces-participation-at-investor-and-industry-events-for-the-remainder-of-2022.html,Biotalys announces participation at investor and industry events for the remainder of 2022,Ghent  Belgium  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announces the upcoming participation of the company in a variety…,"Ghent  Belgium  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announces the upcoming participation of the company in a variety of European investor and business events. Biotalys welcomes the opportunity to engage with institutional and retail investors during these events to share the company’s exciting development since its IPO mid last year.North Carolina agriculture investor conferenceNovember 9  2022Research Triangle Park  NC USAPresentation by Patrice Sellès  CEO of BiotalysCrop Science Forum & Awards 20222November 10  2022VirtualBiotalys and its manufacturing partner Olon are finalist in the Award for Best Industry CollaborationKepler Cheuvreux Global AgriFood Forum 2022November 14  2022VirtualPresentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsGerman Equity ForumNovember 28-30  2022Frankfurt  GermanyPresentation by company management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsCanaccord Genuity AgriFood Tech Innovations ForumDecember 1  2022VirtualPresentation by company management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsBiotalys Shareholders ClubDecember 8  2022Ghent  BelgiumSite visit at Biotalys headquarters for retail investorsBiocontrol & BiomesDecember 13-14  2022Madrid  Spain (hybrid event)Presentation by Luc Maertens  COO of BiotalysAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com .For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.12,0.5,True,English,"['industry events', 'Biotalys', 'participation', 'investor', 'remainder', '2022', 'Canaccord Genuity AgriFood Tech Innovations Forum', 'Kepler Cheuvreux Global AgriFood Forum', 'North Carolina agriculture investor conference', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Crop Science Forum', 'German Equity Forum', 'Research Triangle Park', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Best Industry Collaboration', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'safer food supply', 'Biotalys Shareholders Club', 'European investor', 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'upcoming participation', 'exciting development', 'NC USA', 'manufacturing partner', '1-2-1 meetings', 'Site visit', 'hybrid event', 'Luc Maertens', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'business events', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'retail investors', 'company management', 'Biotalys’ management', 'Biotalys headquarters', 'The Biotalys', 'Toon Musschoot', 'AgTech) company', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'BTLS', 'crops', 'variety', 'opportunity', 'institutional', 'IPO', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'Awards', 'Virtual', 'Olon', 'finalist', 'November', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'December', 'Biomes', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'COO', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'plans', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'none', 'guarantee', 'updates', 'adjustments', 'law']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12807,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550024/0/en/COFACE-SA-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-in-the-capital-as-at-31-October-2022.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 October 2022,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 October 2022  Paris  7th November 2022 – 17.45...,About CofaceCOFACE SA is a société anonyme (joint-stock corporation)  with a Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) incorporated under the laws of France  and is governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. The Company is registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) under the number 432 413 599. The Company’s registered office is at 1 Place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois Colombes  France.At the date of 31 October 2022  the Company’s share capital amounts to €300 359 584  divided into 150 179 792 shares  all of the same class  and all of which are fully paid up and subscribed.All regulated information is available on the company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors).Coface SA. is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment AISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', '31\xa0October', 'société anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'Sociétés', 'joint-stock corporation', 'Nanterre Trade', 'Companies Register', 'Registre du', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', 'Bois Colombes', 'same class', 'regulated information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'COFACE SA', 'The Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Conseil', 'laws', 'France', 'provisions', 'Commerce', 'number', 'Bellonte', 'date', '31 October', 'share', 'capital', 'website', 'Investors', 'ISIN', 'Ticker']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12808,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005783/en/Eurazeo-Announces-Sale-of-Majority-Ownership-Position-in-NEST-New-York-to-North-Castle-Partners-Led-Investor-Group,Eurazeo Announces Sale of Majority Ownership Position in NEST New York to North Castle Partners Led Investor Group,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eurazeo  a leading global investment company with a diversified portfolio of €32.5 billion in assets under management  today announced that it has reached an agreement to sell its majority ownership position in NEST New York (“NEST” or…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eurazeo  a leading global investment company with a diversified portfolio of €32.5 billion in assets under management  today announced that it has reached an agreement to sell its majority ownership position in NEST New York (“NEST” or the “Company”)  a leading fragrance lifestyle brand  in a transaction that values NEST at approximately $200 million. Under the terms of the transaction  an investor group led by North Castle Partners (“North Castle”)  a consumer-focused private equity firm  will purchase a majority stake in NEST  with Eurazeo and NEST Founder Laura Slatkin retaining minority ownership positions. Following the close of this transaction  Eurazeo's invested equity capital will yield a return of approximately 2.7x.Eurazeo’s Brands Division launched in May 2017 and NEST was its debut investment. Under Eurazeo’s management  NEST’s leadership team accelerated product innovation  expanded brand awareness and significantly increased the brand’s digital penetration. As a result  overall brand sales tripled  direct-to-consumer sales increased 10-fold and EBITDA margins significantly expanded. NEST is the leading luxury home fragrance brand in the U.S.  a top 10 women’s fine fragrance brand at Sephora and continues to be recognized for its innovation  having won two 2022 Allure Best of Beauty awards and having been named “Best New Beauty Brand” in the U.K. by The Fragrance Foundation.Laura Slatkin  Founder of NEST New York  said: “Since I founded NEST in 2008  I have been fortunate to have exceptional partners that have helped the brand solidify its position as one of the world’s most trusted and highly regarded fragrance brands. I am deeply grateful for Eurazeo’s partnership and expertise  which have enabled the business to flourish and deliver impressive growth over the past five years. As the brand embarks on its next chapter of growth  I look forward to partnering with North Castle and reuniting with Rich Gersten  whom I have had the pleasure of working with in the past.”Maria Dempsey  CEO of NEST New York  said: “NEST New York is a beloved fragrance lifestyle brand that has seen explosive growth over the past several years due to a laser-focus on product innovation  new customer acquisition  digital expansion and creative storytelling. This significant growth has been achieved with our exceptional team of professionals  strong retailer partnerships and a highly collaborative relationship with Eurazeo. We are thrilled to be working alongside the North Castle team on this next phase of growth.”Jill Granoff  Managing Partner of Eurazeo and CEO of Eurazeo’s Brands Division  said: “Laura  Maria and the NEST team have been exemplary partners  and together  we have built the NEST brand and driven tremendous value creation. We look forward to working with North Castle Partners on the next chapter of NEST’s growth to leverage the Company’s strong foundation and expand the business globally.”Hemanshu Patel  Partner at North Castle Partners  noted: “We’re very excited to partner with Eurazeo and the management team at NEST and welcome the Company into North Castle’s family of health and wellness focused brands that are leaders in their respective categories. It’s an ideal situation for us with Rich Gersten  Beauty Industry Advisor at North Castle Partners  having worked with Laura and NEST in the past.” Rich Gersten added: “I have always been a huge fan of the brand and its potential  and it is exciting to partner with NEST once again at this inflection point to expand the brand’s reach across categories and geographies.”NEST represents North Castle’s second beauty and personal care investment in the last two years. North Castle has spent more than two decades partnering with entrepreneurs and management teams to scale brands and unlock the full potential of companies in the Healthy  Active and Sustainable Living sector.The transaction is expected to close at the end of November. Perella Weinberg Partners LP acted as financial advisor to NEST.ABOUT EURAZEOEurazeo is a leading global investment company  with a diversified portfolio of €32.5 billion in assets under management  including nearly €23.4 billion from third parties  invested in 530 companies. With its considerable private equity  private debt as well as real estate and infrastructure asset expertise  Eurazeo accompanies companies of all sizes  supporting their development through the commitment of its nearly 360 professionals and by offering deep sector expertise  a gateway to global markets  and a responsible and stable foothold for transformational growth. Its solid institutional and family shareholder base  robust financial structure free of structural debt  and flexible investment horizon enable Eurazeo to support its companies over the long term.Eurazeo has offices in Paris  New York  London  Frankfurt  Berlin  Milan  Madrid  Luxembourg  Shanghai  Seoul  Singapore and Sao Paulo.Eurazeo is listed on Euronext Paris.ISIN: FR0000121121 - Bloomberg: RF FP - Reuters: EURA.PAABOUT NORTH CASTLE PARTNERSNorth Castle Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on investments in consumer driven product and service businesses that promote healthy  active  and sustainable living. North Castle is a hands-on  value-added investor in high-growth  middle-market companies in the (i) fitness  recreation & sports  (ii) beauty & personal care  (iii) home & leisure (iv) nutrition sectors  and (v) consumer health among others. North Castle's current portfolio includes well-known brands such as Glow Recipe  Barry's Bootcamp  CR Fitness  HydroMassage  BlueRoot Health  Five Iron Golf  Sparx Hockey  Genexa  VitaCup  Mack Weldon and Echelon. Prior portfolio company holdings include Contigo  SmartyPants Vitamins  Full Swing  Atkins Nutritionals  Jenny Craig  Octane Fitness  Cascade  Equinox Fitness  EAS  Doctor's Dermatologic Formula  Naked Juice  Flatout Flatbread  and Avalon Organics / Alba Botanicals. North Castle partners with management teams and entrepreneurial founders to bring a wide range of strategic and operational capabilities to build world-class companies by unlocking the exponential power of full potential partnerships. North Castle is headquartered in Greenwich  CT.ABOUT NEST NEW YORKNEST New York is a fast-growing  leading fragrance lifestyle brand offering a full range of innovative and award-winning Home Fragrance  Fine Fragrance  Personal Care and Fragrance Technology products. Launched in 2008 by fragrance authority Laura Slatkin  NEST products have captured the hearts and households of so many people. The brand is known for its outstanding product quality  extraordinary fragrances and timeless  classic design. The brand’s products are sold through a growing network of beauty specialty stores  luxury department stores  boutiques and spas  and the brand’s online hub NESTNewYork.com.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain information contained in this press release constitutes “forward-looking statements ” which  in some cases  can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may ” “can ” “will ” “should ” “would ” “seek ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “forecast ” “project ” “estimate ” “intend ” “continue ” “target ” “plan ” “hope ” or “believe” or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology  although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs  as well as assumptions made by  and information available to  Eurazeo as of the date hereof. Due to various risks and uncertainties  actual events or results  market conditions  investment opportunities or the actual performance of Eurazeo’s investments may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements.Certain statements about Eurazeo made by portfolio company executives herein are intended to illustrate Eurazeo’s business relationship with such persons  including with respect to Eurazeo’s facilities as a business partner  rather than Eurazeo’s capabilities or expertise with respect to investment advisory services. Portfolio company executives were not compensated in connection with their participation  although they generally receive compensation and investment opportunities in connection with their portfolio company roles  and in certain cases are also owners of portfolio company securities and/or investors in Eurazeo-sponsored vehicles.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Majority Ownership Position', 'NEST New York', 'North Castle Partners', 'Investor Group', 'Eurazeo', 'Sale', 'leading luxury home fragrance brand', 'Perella Weinberg Partners LP', 'consumer-focused private equity firm', 'leading fragrance lifestyle brand', 'leading global investment company', 'personal care investment', 'flexible investment horizon', 'NEST Founder Laura Slatkin', 'minority ownership positions', 'tremendous value creation', 'Sustainable Living sector', 'considerable private equity', 'The Fragrance Foundation', 'new customer acquisition', 'two 2022 Allure Best', 'last two years', 'fine fragrance brand', 'strong retailer partnerships', 'robust financial structure', 'infrastructure asset expertise', 'deep sector expertise', 'North Castle Part', 'past five years', 'past several years', 'wellness focused brands', 'family shareholder base', 'Beauty Industry Advisor', 'overall brand sales', 'majority ownership position', 'North Castle team', 'NEST New York', 'fragrance brands', 'global markets', 'debut investment', 'equity capital', 'strong foundation', 'financial advisor', 'private debt', 'exceptional partners', 'exemplary partners', 'two decades', 'majority stake', 'consumer sales', 'Beauty Brand', 'Beauty awards', 'second beauty', 'brand awareness', 'leadership team', 'exceptional team', 'diversified portfolio', 'investor group', 'Brands Division', 'digital penetration', 'EBITDA margins', 'U.S.', 'top 10 women', 'U.K.', 'next chapter', 'Rich Gersten', 'digital expansion', 'creative storytelling', 'collaborative relationship', 'next phase', 'Jill Granoff', 'Hemanshu Patel', 'ideal situation', 'huge fan', 'inflection point', 'Healthy, Active', 'third parties', 'real estate', 'stable foothold', 'solid institutional', 'structural debt', 'long term', 'Sao Paulo', 'RF FP', 'EURA.PA', 'NEST brand', 'NEST team', 'product innovation', 'management team', 'impressive growth', 'explosive growth', 'significant growth', 'transformational growth', 'Maria Dempsey', 'Managing Partner', 'respective categories', 'full potential', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'Eurazeo', 'assets', 'agreement', 'transaction', 'terms', 'close', 'return', 'May', 'result', 'Sephora', 'world', 'pleasure', 'CEO', 'beloved', 'laser-focus', 'professionals', 'reach', 'geographies', 'entrepreneurs', 'companies', 'November', 'sizes', 'development', 'commitment', 'gateway', 'responsible', 'offices', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'Berlin', 'Milan', 'Madrid', 'Luxembourg', 'Shanghai', 'Seoul', 'Singapore', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,businesswire.com
12809,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550044/0/en/EDF-Information-regarding-the-voting-rights-and-shares-Article-L-233-8-II-of-the-French-Commercial-Code-and-223-16-of-the-General-Regulations-of-the-AMF.html,EDF: Information regarding the voting rights and shares (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”),7 November 2022  Information regarding the voting rights and shares  (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code   and 223-16 of the General......,English French7 November 2022Information regarding the voting rights and shares(Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”)Listing location: NYSE Euronext-ParisCompartiment: Eurolist AISIN code: FR 0010242511Date Total number of shares Total number of voting rights 31 October 20223 886 581 084Number of theoretical voting rights:6 551 527 134 Number of exercisable voting rights:6 550 638 623*Number of exercisable voting rights = Number of theoretical voting rights (or total number of voting rights calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached) – number of shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['French Commercial Code', 'voting rights', 'General Regulations', 'EDF', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'NYSE Euronext-Paris Compartiment', 'French Commercial Code', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'ISIN code', 'General Regulations', 'Listing location', 'Eurolist A', 'Total number', 'November', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'Date', 'basis', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12810,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549313/0/en/Hashdex-and-Vinter-Launch-First-of-its-kind-Crypto-ETP.html,Hashdex and Vinter Launch First-of-its-kind Crypto ETP,Offers European Investors Access to Unique Index-Based Product  LONDON  ZURICH  NEW YORK  RIO DE JANEIRO - 7 November  2022 - Hashdex  a leading global......,Offers European Investors Access to Unique Index-Based ProductLONDON  ZURICH  NEW YORK  RIO DE JANEIRO - 7 November  2022 - Hashdex   a leading global crypto-focused investing company  today announced it has partnered with Vinter  the crypto index provider  for the launch of the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP (exchange-traded product). The first-of-its-kind investment vehicle is designed to enable institutional investors to capitalize on trending crypto assets that are experiencing upward price momentum. The product is the first crypto index ETP based on the momentum factor and is now listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange  and Xetra under ticker symbols “HAMO” and “HDXM”  respectively. The product will also be listed on EuroNext under the ticker symbol “HAMO” on Wednesday  November 9th. Trading for the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP will also roll out over the following days  beginning today on the SIX Swiss Exchange and then subsequently on November 8th on Xetra and November 9th on EuroNext. The prospectus  final terms  and other documents related to the product can be found here .“To attract institutional investors  it is necessary to create innovative products”  said Jacob Lindberg  CEO of Vinter. “The Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index is an innovative index - it allocates to the top performing crypto assets  while limiting the risk. Hashdex is one of the largest crypto asset investing companies globally  and we are pleased to partner with them to launch this ETP in the European market.”The new ETP tracks the Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index  co-developed by Hashdex and Vinter  and contains 12 large-cap crypto assets that are eligible on key European exchanges and exhibit relatively higher price momentum. The ETP limits the risk contribution of any single underlying asset and is rebalanced monthly. At launch  and as of the index’s last rebalancing  the four largest constituents accounting for 53% of the portfolio are Tron (17.94%)  XRP (12.28%)  Polygon (12.21%) and Binance Coin (10.63%). This allocation provides unique exposure compared to a market cap index and demonstrates the differentiation of the momentum approach. The top four allocations represent the crypto-assets with the best relative risk adjusted price performance  and the weights are determined in a quantitative and rules-based manner  providing exposure to assets that other more traditional approaches do not offer.Bruno Sousa  Head of New Markets at Hashdex adds  “There is an increasing appetite from investors to invest in high momentum crypto assets  and we are delighted to be able to offer this within our latest product. Vinter has a highly experienced team with an excellent track record  and provided the on-demand quantitative data we needed to support the creation of this unique product that expands our product offering beyond traditional investment strategies.”The launch of the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP and its corresponding Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index builds on Hashdex’s ongoing expansion efforts in both Europe and worldwide. In May 2022  the firm launched its first European product: the Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP on the SIX Swiss Exchange  which has seen strong net inflows since its listing despite challenging market conditions. The Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP is now tradable on the Euronext Paris and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbols HASH FP and HASH NA  respectively  and on Xetra under the ticker symbol HDX1 GY.Further details about the Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index and corresponding ETP can be found here .About VinterVinter is Europe’s fastest-growing index provider specialised in crypto assets  playing a key role in the emerging crypto ETF industry. The firm collects digital asset data from hundreds of sources  transforming proprietary strategies into investable products. For more information  please visit www.vinter.co.About HashdexHashdex is a global pioneer in crypto investing. Hashdex's simple and secure products invite innovative investors to join the emerging crypto economy. Hashdex's mission is to provide educational resources and best-in-class products that advance its efforts to build pathways to prosperity by opening the crypto ecosystem to the world. In 2021  Hashdex introduced the world's first crypto ETFs and other innovative products  enabling over 260 000 investors to simply and securely add crypto to their portfolios. For more information visit www.hashdex.comPress ContactsVinterBen Heathben@mvpr.ioHashdexEuropeEUPR@hashdex.comSwitzerland German speaking related queries: hashdex@pio-com.deGermany related queries: hashdex@pio-com.deFrance related queries: alban.saintjoigny@backbone.consultingSwitzerland French speaking queries: alban.saintjoigny@backbone.consultingUnited StatesKendal Till/Josh GerthDukas Linden Public RelationsHashdex@DLPR.comJack S. SongHashdexjack.song@hashdex.comDisclaimer:__________________________This marketing communication has been prepared by Hashdex AG  a company organized under the laws of Switzerland and does not constitute  nor form part of  an offer or invitation to subscribe  purchase  sell or otherwise dispose of any financial product issued by Hashdex AG.Financial products issued by Hashdex AG have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and (i) may not be offered  sold or delivered within the United States to  or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act)  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws and (ii) may be offered  sold or otherwise delivered at any time only to transferees that are Non-United States Persons (as defined by the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)).The products have been issued under Hashdex AG’s base prospectus dated 13 April 2022  in Switzerland  and under Hashdex AG’s base prospectus dated 12 August 2022  in the European Union (the Base Prospectus). The Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms are available via the following hyperlink https://hashdex.com/en-EU/document-center .The approval of the Base Prospectus should not be understood as an endorsement of the products by the competent authority which has approved said prospectus. Potential investors are strongly recommended to read the entire Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms  before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the products. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand.This marketing communication itself does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance should  for any purpose  be placed on this marketing communication. Further  it is subject to change at any time.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.11,0.15,True,English,"['Crypto ETP', 'Hashdex', 'Vinter', 'kind', 'Josh Gerth Dukas Linden Public Relations Hashdex', 'best relative risk adjusted price performance', 'The Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index', 'corresponding Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index', 'The Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP', 'leading global crypto-focused investing company', 'largest crypto asset investing companies', 'Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP', 'first crypto index ETP', 'emerging crypto ETF industry', 'high momentum crypto assets', 'German speaking related queries', 'top performing crypto assets', 'upward price momentum', 'higher price momentum', 'crypto index provider', 'growing index provider', 'market cap index', 'emerging crypto economy', 'first crypto ETFs', 'four largest constituents', 'French speaking queries', 'single underlying asset', 'Germany related queries', 'France related queries', 'trending crypto assets', '12 large-cap crypto assets', 'top four allocations', 'The ETP', 'digital asset data', 'kind investment vehicle', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'excellent track record', 'strong net inflows', 'challenging market conditions', 'corresponding ETP', 'key European exchanges', 'traditional investment strategies', 'ongoing expansion efforts', 'Jack S. Song', 'first European product', 'crypto investing', 'European Investors Access', 'Unique Index-Based Product', 'risk contribution', 'innovative index', 'momentum approach', 'other innovative products', 'new ETP', 'crypto ecosystem', 'global pioneer', 'European market', 'Hashdex AG', 'traditional approaches', 'key role', 'proprietary strategies', 'investable products', 'secure products', 'class products', 'unique product', 'innovative investors', 'NEW YORK', 'DE JANEIRO', 'ticker symbols', 'following days', 'final terms', 'other documents', 'Jacob Lindberg', 'last rebalancing', 'Binance Coin', 'rules-based manner', 'Bruno Sousa', 'New Markets', 'increasing appetite', 'experienced team', 'quantitative data', 'HASH FP', 'HASH NA', 'HDX1 GY', 'Further details', 'educational resources', 'Press Contacts', 'Ben Heath', 'United States', 'Kendal Till', 'marketing communication', 'unique exposure', 'institutional investors', 'exchange-traded product', 'latest product', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vinter.', '260,000 investors', 'LONDON', 'ZURICH', '7 November', 'launch', 'Xetra', 'HAMO', 'HDXM', 'Wednesday', 'Trading', 'prospectus', 'CEO', 'portfolio', 'XRP', 'Polygon', 'differentiation', 'crypto-assets', 'weights', 'Head', 'demand', 'creation', 'worldwide', 'May', 'firm', 'listing', 'hundreds', 'information', 'simple', 'mission', 'pathways', 'prosperity', 'Switzerland', 'alban', 'saintjoigny', 'backbone', 'DLPR', 'Disclaimer']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12811,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550046/0/en/CROSSJECT-Big-improvement-in-the-Ga%C3%AFa-social-and-environmental-rating-Further-proof-of-CROSSJECT-s-commitment.html,CROSSJECT - Big improvement in the Gaïa social and environmental rating - Further proof of CROSSJECT’s commitment,Press Release   Big improvement in the Gaïa social and environmental rating   Further proof of CROSSJECT’s commitment   Dijon  7 November 2022 at 6pm...,French EnglishPress ReleaseBig improvement in theGaïa social and environmental ratingFurther proof of CROSSJECT’s commitmentDijon  7 November 2022 at 6pm (CET)CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drug / device combinations for use in emergency situations  is proud to announce a significant improvement in its Gaïa rating  with an overall score of 60/100 vs 46 last year. As a reminder  Gaïa Rating is an ESG rating agency used by leading asset management companies in their management process and investment decisions.CROSSJECT first undertook to adopt an active approach to achieve the best environmental  social and governance (ESG) reporting standards in 2019  and can confirm significant new improvements on all the criteria analysed by Gaïa  further to the other awards received to date this year.More than just compliance with constantly changing standards  ESG management for CROSSJECT is clearly embedded in its broader development strategy and operating performance. As reflected in its commitment to the chemical industry’s “Responsible Care” programme  CROSSJECT continues to work tirelessly for continuous improvement in the areas of environmental protection  health and safety.Patrick Alexandre  Crossject CEO  said: “We are very keen to improve our Gaïa score  which objectively reflects our tireless efforts to achieve the best social and environmental standards. Our decision to accept benchmarking resonates perfectly with the spirit of our CSR strategy: embrace requirements voluntarily before they become constraints!”Contacts:CrossjectPatrick Alexandreinfo@crossject.com Investor relationsAELIUMJérôme GACOIN +33 (0) 1 75 77 54 67crossject@aelium.frPress relationsBuzz & CompagnieMélanie Voisard +33 (0)6 12 52 53 15melanie.voisard@buzzetcompagnie.comChristelle Distinguin +33 (0)6 09 96 51 70christelle.distinguin@buzzetcompagnie.comAbout CROSSJECT• www.crossject.comCROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ; LEI: 969500W1VTFNL2D85A65) is developing and is soon to market a portfolio of drugs dedicated to emergency situations: epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack. Thanks to its patented needlefree self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency drugs. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014; it receives funding from the United States BARDA (Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority) and from Bpifrance.Attachment,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.17,0.17,True,English,"['Gaïa social', 'Big improvement', 'environmental rating', 'Further proof', 'CROSSJECT', 'commitment', 'Jérôme GACOIN', 'patented needlefree self-injection system', 'French English Press Release', 'leading asset management companies', 'Responsible Care” programme', 'Euronext Growth market', 'United States BARDA', 'Biomedical Advanced Research', 'significant new improvements', 'ESG rating agency', 'Gaïa rating', 'Gaïa social', 'Gaïa score', 'specialty pharma company', 'ESG) reporting standards', 'broader development strategy', 'Mélanie Voisard', 'best environmental, social', 'self-administered emergency drugs', 'Crossject Patrick Alexandre', 'ESG management', 'best social', 'environmental rating', 'Press relations', 'management process', 'environmental standards', 'significant improvement', 'overall score', 'CSR strategy', 'Development Authority', 'emergency situations', 'changing standards', 'environmental protection', 'Big improvement', 'Further proof', 'device combinations', 'investment decisions', 'active approach', 'other awards', 'operating performance', 'chemical industry', 'continuous improvement', 'tireless efforts', 'Investor relations', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'world leader', 'Christelle Distinguin', 'Crossject CEO', 'commitment', 'Dijon', '7 November', '6pm', 'CET', 'Ticker', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'use', 'reminder', 'governance', 'criteria', 'date', 'compliance', 'constantly', 'areas', 'health', 'safety', 'benchmarking', 'spirit', 'requirements', 'constraints', 'Contacts', 'AELIUM', 'Buzz', 'Compagnie', 'LEI', 'epilepsy', 'overdose', 'Paris', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12812,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550034/0/en/Launch-of-a-share-buyback-program.html,Launch of a share buyback program,Paris  7th November 2022 – As part of Ipsos' 4-year plan  which was announced both in a press release and during its Investor Day presentation on 14 June  2022  the Company's priorities in the area of capital allocation and the return of value to shareholders…,"English FrenchParis  7th November 2022 – As part of Ipsos' 4-year plan  which was announced both in a press release and during its Investor Day presentation on 14 June  2022  the Company's priorities in the area of capital allocation and the return of value to shareholders include the launch of a new share buyback program of up to 2% of the share capital per year subject to market conditions.This program comes on top of Ipsos’ existing annual share repurchases implemented to compensate for the dilution from Ipsos’ free share and option plans for managers and employees.To this end  the Company will proceed  between now and 28 December 2022  with a first tranche of share repurchases with a view to their cancellation  up to an amount of approximately 10 million euros  corresponding to approximately 0.5% of its share capital at the closing price on 4 November 2022 (47.85 euros)  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the authorizations granted by the Combined General Meeting held on 17 May 2022 (Resolutions 23 and 24).Ipsos reserves the right to suspend the program at any time depending on market conditions or the implementation of its investment strategy.A description of this share buyback program is available on the Company's website (www.ipsos.com) in the section entitled ""Investors""  and in the subsection relating to regulated information.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research companies in the world  present in 90 markets and employing more than 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Our tagline ""Game Changers"" sums up our ambition to help our 5 000 customers move confidently through a rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD). ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPwww.ipsos.comAttachment",neutral,0.3,0.7,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Launch', 'Ipsos’ existing annual share repurchases', 'largest market research companies', 'new share buyback program', 'curious research professionals', 'Investor Day presentation', 'Combined General Meeting', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', ""Ipsos' 4-year plan"", 'Ipsos’ free share', 'share capital', 'market conditions', 'English French', 'press release', 'capital allocation', 'option plans', 'first tranche', 'closing price', 'investment strategy', 'regulated information', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', '10 million euros', 'changing world', 'Euronext Paris', '47.85 euros', '7th', 'part', '14 June', 'Company', 'priorities', 'area', 'return', 'value', 'shareholders', 'launch', 'top', 'dilution', 'managers', 'employees', 'end', '28 December', 'view', 'cancellation', 'amount', '4 November', 'accordance', 'terms', 'authorizations', '17 May', 'Resolutions', 'right', 'time', 'implementation', 'description', 'website', 'section', 'Investors', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', '75 solutions', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'France', 'July', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12813,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/fairmont-accor-live-limitless-launch-134300310.html,Fairmont & ALL – Accor Live Limitless Launch ‘Beyond LIMITS': A New Collection of Boundary-Pushing Experiences Across North & Central America,UNEXPECTED  LIMITED-TIME EXPERIENCES TAKE TRAVELERS ON EXCLUSIVE JOURNEYS AIMED AT ACTIVATING THE SENSES  AND INSPIRING AWE & WONDER Beyond Limits Campaign Unexpected  limited-time experiences take travellers on exclusive journeys Beyond Limits Campaign Four …,UNEXPECTED  LIMITED-TIME EXPERIENCES TAKE TRAVELERS ON EXCLUSIVE JOURNEYS AIMED AT ACTIVATING THE SENSES  AND INSPIRING AWE & WONDERBeyond Limits CampaignUnexpected  limited-time experiences take travellers on exclusive journeysBeyond Limits CampaignFour of Accor's newest boundary-pushing experiencesToronto  Canada  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Fairmont Hotels & Resorts announces the official debut of ‘Beyond LIMITS’  an exciting new collection of first-of-their-kind  awe-inspiring experiences available exclusively at iconic Fairmont properties  and other ALL – Accor Live Limitless hotels  across North & Central America. ‘Beyond LIMITS’ is designed to defy convention  shatter the boundaries of expectation  and elevate the luxury experience beyond what was previously thought possible. Each highly exclusive  immersive experience is as unexpected as it is unforgettable  carefully crafted to lead travelers on a journey of discovery  to find something new within the destination  the hotel and themselves.‘Beyond LIMITS’ kicks off the first week of November 2022  with signature limited-time experiences slated through March 2023 – including:Story continues“When everyone and everything in the travel space claims to be ‘luxurious’  the term loses its genuine value as a point of exclusivity and differentiation. So we posed the question – ‘how can we breathe life back into the luxury experience  what it truly means to go above and beyond expectations  in the limitless ways our Fairmont guests and ALL members deserve?’ ” said Jeff Doane  Chief Commercial Officer  Accor North & Central America. “With ‘Beyond LIMITS’  we are able to redefine luxury  by challenging the norms of what is expected. We pushed ourselves and our teams to go beyond everything that had been done before  and the result is a collection of experiences that are highly inventive and exclusive  that must actually be seen to be believed. That is ‘Beyond LIMITS’.”To learn more or to book a ‘Beyond LIMITS’ experience  visit www.ALLbeyondLIMITS.com. Even more adventures await – including a spa day in the Puerto Rican jungle with Fairmont El San Juan Hotel; a night at the International Emmy Awards with Sofitel New York; skiing with an Olympian at Fairmont Chateau Whistler; and a private cave dinner in Barbados with Fairmont Royal Pavilion – with new opportunities to thrill and inspire added regularly.Members of ALL – Accor Live Limitless will also be able to book select ‘Beyond LIMITS’ experiences with ALL Reward points. With the travel industry’s most diverse network of brands and an ever-growing portfolio  ALL invites members to experience more of what they love through benefits and rewards in travel  dining and everyday life. Among the most valuable in the industry  ALL Reward points are highly flexible  allowing members to earn points  even when they are not staying at an Accor hotel  and then redeem their points for unforgettable moments around the globe. To join Accor’s award-winning loyalty program  click here.To help guests travel ‘Beyond LIMITS’  Accor is also offering up to 25 percent savings for bookings made by March 29  2023  for stays through April 30  2023 (may vary by property)  at participating Fairmont  Sofitel  Swissôtel  MGallery  Pullman  Novotel and ibis hotels across North & Central America. As always  ALL members save more  with a special member rate that delivers an additional 5 percent off.Creative assets for ‘Beyond LIMITS’  including videos  photos and logos  are available for download in the Accor press room.ABOUT ACCORAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry’s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor’s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company’s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.AttachmentsCONTACT: Paulo Senra Diamond psenra@experiencediamond.com Sandra Duhamel Accor North & Central America +1 305 401 1556 sandra.pinto-duhamel@accor.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.25,0.44,True,English,"['Accor Live Limitless Launch', 'New Collection', 'Boundary-Pushing Experiences', 'Central America', 'Fairmont', 'LIMITS', 'North', 'Fairmont El San Juan Hotel', 'up to 25 percent savings', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Accor Live Limitless hotels', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'Puerto Rican jungle', 'International Emmy Awards', 'award-winning loyalty program', 'special member rate', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'Fairmont Chateau Whistler', 'Fairmont Royal Pavilion', 'private cave dinner', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'UNEXPECTED, LIMITED-TIME EXPERIENCES', 'newest boundary-pushing experiences', 'signature limited-time experiences', 'iconic Fairmont properties', 'economy hotel brands', 'Accor press room', 'exciting new collection', 'Sofitel New York', 'exclusive, immersive experience', 'creative hospitality company', 'ALL Reward points', 'Fairmont Hotels', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'limitless ways', 'participating Fairmont', 'new opportunities', 'ibis hotels', 'Creative assets', 'private residences', 'Accor hotel', 'Fairmont guests', 'EXCLUSIVE JOURNEYS', 'inspiring experiences', 'other ALL', 'official debut', 'Central America', 'first week', 'genuine value', 'Jeff Doane', 'spa day', 'growing portfolio', 'unforgettable moments', 'Swissôtel', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'accommodation properties', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'founder-built brands', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'distinctive brands', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'ISIN code', 'luxury experience', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'travel space', 'LIMITS’ experience', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'diverse network', 'everyday life', 'concierge services', 'ALL members', 'Limits Campaign', '230,000 team members', 'Accor North', 'travel industry', '5,300 properties', 'TRAVELERS', 'SENSES', 'AWE', 'WONDER', 'travellers', 'Toronto', 'Canada', 'Resorts', 'convention', 'boundaries', 'expectation', 'discovery', 'something', 'destination', 'November', 'March', 'Story', 'everyone', 'everything', 'term', 'exclusivity', 'differentiation', 'question', 'teams', 'result', 'adventures', 'Olympian', 'Barbados', 'benefits', 'rewards', 'dining', 'bookings', 'stays', 'April', 'property', 'MGallery', 'Pullman', 'Novotel', 'additional 5', 'videos', 'photos', 'logos', 'download', 'ABOUT', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'purpose', 'access', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,ca.sports.yahoo.com
12814,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-to-attend-credit-suisse-31st-annual-healthcare-conference-301669621.html,Pharming to attend Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit…","LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference in Rancho Palos Verdes  California  November 7-10  2022.Pharming's CEO and CMO will be available for one-to-one investor and corporate meetings.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Credit Suisse representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to [email protected].About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'Credit Suisse representative', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Rancho Palos Verdes', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Investor Relations team', 'corporate meetings', 'management team', 'gene therapies', 'one investor', 'Anurag Relan', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'California', 'November', 'CEO', 'CMO', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,prnewswire.com
12815,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549234/0/en/Worldline-to-acquire-Banco-Desio-merchant-acquiring-activities.html,Worldline to acquire Banco Desio merchant acquiring activities,Worldline to acquire merchant acquiringactivities of Banco Desio   Reinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong......,"English FrenchWorldline to acquire merchant acquiringactivities of Banco DesioReinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partnerParis  La Défense  November 7  2022 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces the signing of a binding agreement for the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities and the planned set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage Banco Desio’s banking network in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: ""I am very proud to announce the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities. This operation is fully in line with our strategy to further expand our Merchant Services activities towards the South of Europe and in particular in Italy  a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline where we intend to continue leveraging our footprint built last year through the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 and the set-up of the Worldline MS Italy joint venture.This transaction offers attractive development opportunities for Worldline in the coming years  leveraging a strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s full suite of end-to-end payment solutions to merchants.With this transaction  Worldline keeps on playing the leading role in the consolidation of the European payments industry  with a focus on value-creating consolidation opportunities  enhancing Worldline scale  reach and significant presence in a growing number of countries.”Acquisition of merchant acquiring activities of Banco Desio and set-up of a long-term commercial partnershipBanco Desio Group is an important Italian banking group with a strong local approach delivered through a network of more than 230 branches. The banking group was looking for a partner to acquire  operate and develop its merchant acquiring portfolio which delivers payment solutions to c. 15 thousand merchants generating c. 40 million transactions per year  representing c. € 2.0 billion of MSV. It also manages the marketing and distribution of more than 19 thousand POS to the merchants within the bank’s network.As part of the transaction  Worldline will enter a long-term commercial partnership with Banco Desio aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s best-in-class payment product and services to merchants.Reinforcement of Worldline presence in Italy  one of the most attractive payment markets in EuropeFollowing the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 and the set-up of the Worldline MS Italy joint venture  this transaction is fully in line with Worldline’s strategy to reinforce its presence in Italy  a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. The country is the third largest euro economy in Europe with a cash penetration that remains high with cash accounting for close to 76% of total payment volume in 20211  a rapid shift from cash to card and electronic payment adoption and by one of the highest POS densities per inhabitants in Europe. Transactions acquired are well balanced by card type (Credit cards  PagoBancomat  and Debit & Prepaid).As an additional very compelling characteristic  Luxury and Retail market is one of the most important sectors of the Italian economy and a key pillar of its economic growth. In addition  with close to 100 million tourists per year  Italy is one of the most visited countries in Europe and in the world. This represents a very attractive feature of the Italian payment market offering numerous additional growth opportunities in a post-Covid context by leveraging the very rich Worldline portfolio of Luxury & Retail and Travel & Hospitality solutions.Key items of the transactionWorldline to acquire 100% of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities through the Worldline MS Italy joint venture for c. € 100 millionAdditional annual revenue of c. € 15 million in year one with expected double-digit organic growth in the coming yearsOMDA margin expected above 30% at closingExpected closing in Q1 2023 after the usual regulatory approvalsForthcoming eventFebruary 21  2023 FY 2022 resultsApril 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 resultsOctober 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 20 000 employees in more than 50 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2021 Worldline generated a proforma revenue close to 4 billion euros. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2022 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 source: Politecnico di MilanoAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.65,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Banco Desio merchant', 'Worldline', 'activities', 'Worldline MS Italy joint venture', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Benoit d’Amécourt', 'third largest euro economy', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'numerous additional growth opportunities', 'important Italian banking group', 'La Défense', 'Additional annual revenue', 'usual regulatory approvals', 'strong local approach', 'class payment product', 'total payment volume', 'electronic payment adoption', 'highest POS densities', 'double-digit organic growth', 'long-term commercial partnership', 'promising Italian market', 'attractive development opportunities', 'value-creating consolidation opportunities', 'key commercial channel', 'merchant acquiring portfolio', 'Italian payment market', 'European payments industry', 'rich Worldline portfolio', 'attractive payment markets', 'merchant acquiring activities', 'strong banking network', 'c. 40 million transactions', 'Banco Desio Group', 'end payment solutions', 'Merchant Services activities', 'Italian economy', 'important sectors', 'payment products', 'merchant customers', '19 thousand POS', 'key pillar', 'economic growth', '100 million tourists', 'Key items', 'strong partner', 'payment services', 'strategic market', 'Axepta Italy', 'Q3 2023 revenue', 'Hospitality solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'English French', 'global leader', 'binding agreement', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'coming years', 'full suite', 'leading role', 'growing number', 'rapid shift', 'Credit cards', 'compelling characteristic', 'close to', 'attractive feature', 'post-Covid context', 'OMDA margin', 'Forthcoming event', 'sustainable, trusted', 'Retail market', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'significant presence', 'Worldline scale', 'cash penetration', 'cash accounting', 'technology partner', 'card type', 'FY 2022 results', 'Worldline presence', '15 thousand merchants', '2023 results', 'Reinforcement', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'signing', 'acquisition', 'set-up', 'order', 'CEO', 'operation', 'strategy', 'South', 'footprint', 'focus', 'reach', 'countries', '230 branches', 'MSV', 'marketing', 'distribution', 'country', 'inhabitants', 'PagoBancomat', 'Debit', 'Luxury', 'closing', 'February', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'Contacts', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'choice', 'banks', 'acquirers', '20,000 employees', 'clients']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12816,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549245/0/en/BGHL-Euro-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0152 £ 24.5700 Estimated MTD return -0.47 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return -4.06 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 180.15 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 600 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 307 514 130 254 Held in treasury 9 074 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6194 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0606The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Premium/discount', 'A Range', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '600 N', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12817,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549243/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0152 £ 24.5700 Estimated MTD return -0.47 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return -4.06 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 180.15 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 600 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 307 514 130 254 Held in treasury 9 074 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6194 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0606The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Premium/discount', 'A Range', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '600 N', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12818,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549882/0/en/Horyou-AlphaVerse-Joins-Forces-with-1-For-The-Planet-Environmental-Charity-Program.html,Horyou AlphaVerse Joins Forces with 1% For The Planet Environmental Charity Program,Social Good Metaverse Will Allocate 1% of Gross Revenue to 1% for the Planet Program — Additional 1% to be Donated to Programs and Charitable Causes that are Part of the Horyou AlphaVerse Metaverse Social Good Metaverse Will Allocate 1% of Gross Revenue to 1%…,PARIS  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today  French games  technology  and blockchain product developer Crypto Blockchain Industries (CBI) and its partner Horyou announced that the Horyou AlphaVerse metaverse has decided to donate 2% of its gross turnover to support social good  sustainability  and the fight against climate change  and is joining forces with the 1% for the Planet program.Horyou AlphaVerse is a metaverse dedicated to social good  sustainability  and the fight against climate change. Its main mission is to hasten the adoption of practices that strengthen sustainability and social good — both in the physical and digital worlds. This metaverse is built in partnership between CBI  the Horyou social network  and the Horyou Foundation.First of all  Horyou AlphaVerse has entered the 1% for the Planet program and will donate 1% of its gross revenue to the program.1% for the Planet is a global entity with two decades of experience in redistributing funding to its affiliated non-governmental organizations (NGOs)  with a goal of giving to partners to ensure our planet and future generations thrive. Brands and companies entering the 1% for the Planet program commit to donating 1% of their revenue either to the global entity or directly to the NGOs part of the 1% alliance.Since July 2022  Horyou AlphaVerse has been running a partnership program inviting NGOs inside the metaverse  the Social Good Pioneer Partnership Program (SG3P)  and will soon announce the first batch of partner NGOs from all around the world. For more info about SG3P  please visit https://www.horyoualphaverse.com/partnership-program .On top of the commitment to 1% for the Planet  Horyou AlphaVerse is committing to contribute an additional 1% to the NGOs entering the SG3P program.“Connecting change-makers and giving back is in Horyou AlphaVerse’s DNA ” said Yonathan Parienti  Founder and CEO of Horyou. “Giving 2% of the gross revenue of our digital universe  which is dedicated to sustainability and positive change  is key to us  as Horyou AlphaVerse’s mission is to advocate for Social Good and preserve the planet since its inception.”“We focus our development on tackling very important issues  such as social good  sustainability and the fight against climate change ” added Frédéric Chesnais  CEO of CBI. “Contributing to these missions  and especially the 1% for the Planet program  is at the core of Horyou AlphaVerse.”For more information about AlphaVerse  investors and fans can visit www.cbicorp.io or www.alphaverse.com and follow us on Twitter   Facebook   Telegram   and Instagram .About Horyou AlphaVerseHoryou AlphaVerse is a metaverse dedicated to social good  sustainability  and the fight against climate change. Horyou AlphaVerse's main mission is to fasten the adoption of practices that strengthen sustainability and social good both in the physical and digital worlds. This metaverse is built in partnership between CBI  the Horyou social network and the Horyou Foundation.Learn more at https://www.horyoualphaverse.com/About 1% for the Planet1% for the Planet is a global organization that exists to ensure our planet and future generations thrive. They inspire businesses and individuals to support Environmental Partners through membership and everyday actions. They make environmental giving easy and effective through partnership advising  impact storytelling  and third-party certification.Started in 2002 by Yvon Chouinard  founder of Patagonia  and Craig Mathews  founder of Blue Ribbon Flies  business members  and individual members have given hundreds of millions of dollars to our approved Environmental Partners to date. Today  1% for the Planet's global network consists of thousands of businesses  individuals  and Environmental Partners working toward a better future for all. Learn more at www.onepercentfortheplanet.orgAbout Crypto Blockchain IndustriesCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (“CBI”) is a French company that develops  operates  and invests in video games  business applications  and selected projects relating to the blockchain  non-fungible tokens (“NFTs”)  and cryptocurrencies. Founded by Frédéric Chesnais  a renowned gaming industry entrepreneur and blockchain pioneer  CBI aims to develop and unlock value from a portfolio of blockchain activities across multiple industries (video games  finance  logistics  etc.) with a view to capitalizing on this technology  either directly or through partnerships. CBI has already made several investments and is currently developing AlphaVerse  a blockchain technology-based virtual world or metaverse that has opened in summer 2022. CBI is admitted to trading on the E2 compartment (public offering) of Euronext Growth. Learn more at www.cbicorp.io .Disclaimer:The realization of projects  as well as their operational budget and financing plan  remain fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realization of the underlying assumptions may have a significant impact on the value of assets and liabilities.PRESS CONTACTUberStrategist Inc.Ted Brockwood / Brendan Quinnpr@uberstrategist.com1-646-844-8388,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['The Planet Environmental Charity Program', 'Horyou AlphaVerse', 'Forces', 'Frédéric Chesnais', 'renowned gaming industry entrepreneur', 'blockchain technology-based virtual world', 'Social Good Pioneer Partnership Program', 'affiliated non-governmental organizations', 'Blue Ribbon Flies', 'blockchain product developer', 'blockchain, non-fungible tokens', 'Crypto Blockchain Industries', 'Horyou social network', 'blockchain pioneer', 'Horyou AlphaVerse metaverse', 'blockchain activities', 'multiple industries', 'global network', 'partnership advising', 'Horyou Foundation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'French games', 'gross turnover', 'climate change', 'digital worlds', 'global entity', 'two decades', 'first batch', 'Yonathan Parienti', 'digital universe', 'positive change', 'important issues', 'global organization', 'everyday actions', 'environmental giving', 'impact storytelling', 'third-party certification', 'Yvon Chouinard', 'Craig Mathews', 'business members', 'individual members', 'French company', 'video games', 'business applications', 'several investments', 'E2 compartment', 'public offering', 'Euronext Growth', 'cbicorp.io', 'operational budget', 'financing plan', 'underlying assumptions', 'significant impact', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'UberStrategist Inc.', 'Ted Brockwood', 'Environmental Partners', 'main mission', 'gross revenue', 'future generations', 'Planet program', 'SG3P program', 'NGOs part', 'partner NGOs', 'PARIS', 'sustainability', 'fight', 'forces', 'adoption', 'practices', 'physical', 'experience', 'funding', 'goal', 'Brands', 'companies', '1% alliance', 'July', 'info', 'partnership-program', 'top', 'commitment', 'Connecting', 'change-makers', 'DNA', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'inception', 'development', 'missions', 'core', 'investors', 'fans', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'Telegram', 'Instagram', 'businesses', 'individuals', 'membership', 'Patagonia', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'dollars', 'date', 'thousands', 'projects', 'NFTs', 'cryptocurrencies', 'value', 'portfolio', 'finance', 'logistics', 'view', 'partnerships', 'summer', 'Disclaimer', 'realization', 'uncertainties', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'Bren']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549246/0/en/Nicox-Outlines-Future-Development-and-Partnering-Plans-for-NCX-470-in-Glaucoma.html,Nicox Outlines Future Development and Partnering Plans for NCX 470 in Glaucoma,Press ReleaseNicox Outlines Future Development and Partnering Plans for NCX 470 in Glaucoma  Outcome of the Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial suggests potential......,Outcome of the Mont B l anc Phase 3 trial suggests potential c ommercial opportunity of NCX 470 in the U nited States as a novel a lternative treatment for intraocular pressure loweringP lans to generate clinical data aiming to demonstrate the potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 in order to add significant therapeutic value to the product profile in glaucomaIntention to harness the value of NCX 470 through the right commercial partnerships in the United States and Japan November 7  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced future development and partnering plans for NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop  currently in Phase 3 development for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.“Our market research shows an unmet need in glaucoma treatment focused on lowering of intraocular pressure. Patients do not react to glaucoma medications in the same way  with up to 40% not achieving their target intraocular pressure on existing monotherapies  and therefore eye care professionals need multiple treatment options. Based on a dual mechanism of action  NCX 470 has been shown to be an effective agent for lowering intraocular pressure. Mont Blanc  the first of two Phase 3 trials for NCX 470  met the efficacy requirement for approval in the United States whilst demonstrating good tolerability in comparison to current products. The Mont Blanc trial demonstrated that NCX 470 reduced intraocular pressure by 8-9.7 mmHg  achieving its primary objective of demonstrating non-inferiority to latanoprost and we believe that NCX 470 can be successfully commercialized in key glaucoma markets including the United States  as well as China  where we have partnered with Ocumension Therapeutics. We are also planning to meet with the European Medicines Agency to discuss the regulatory requirements for the approval of NCX 470 in Europe ” said Andreas Segerros  Chief Executive Officer of Nicox. “In parallel  we plan to strengthen the profile of NCX 470 to maximize its therapeutic and commercial potential  by generating clinical data highlighting its potential retinal benefits  and we expect to support this with additional detailed analysis of the intraocular pressure data from the Mont Blanc trial together with planned nonclinical studies.”“We are enthusiastic concerning the potential of NCX 470 in the Chinese market  based on the positive results from the Mont Blanc trial. 8 to 9.7 mmHg reduction in intraocular pressure sets the stage for the launch of this product as a new entrant in the Chinese glaucoma market. We look forward to continuing the collaboration with Nicox to bring NCX 470 to market ” said Liu Ye  Chief Executive Officer of Ocumension Therapeutics.Potential partnership opportunities for NCX 470“To complement our strong Chinese partnership  and maximize the potential future value of NCX 470  we are actively exploring commercial partnerships for NCX 470 in both the United States and Japanese markets ” said Gavin Spencer  EVP  Chief Business Officer of Nicox. “We expect the potential of NCX 470 can be harnessed by establishing strong commercial partnerships which can support the pricing and reimbursement work necessary for a successful launch  and developing additional clinical and nonclinical support for the therapeutic profile of NCX 470  such as the data we aim to generate on NCX 470’s potential retinal benefits and the results from the ongoing Denali trial.”Program of studies to demonstrate potential retinal benefits of NCX 470“We have consulted with Key Opinion Leaders with expertise in the damage caused in the retina by glaucoma  including some of our Glaucoma Clinical Advisory Board members  who are enthusiastic about the potential of NCX 470 in this area. With their expert knowledge  we have outlined a program of nonclinical and clinical studies to explore the activity of NCX 470 in the retina ” said Doug Hubatsch  EVP  Chief Scientific Officer at Nicox. “These studies are expected to generate nonclinical and clinical data within the next 12 to 18 months to support the differentiation of NCX 470.”The program of studies is planned to include evaluation of the effect of NCX 470 on ocular perfusion pressure through Episcleral Venous Pressure (EVP) and Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) measurements of retinal vessels in which NCX 470’s ability to lower episcleral venous pressure as well as enhance outflow through the trabecular meshwork will be evaluated. Additionally  retinal blood vessel density will be studied in a separate clinical trial using OCT-angiography to fully understand effects on retinal blood flow. Together  these studies are designed to validate NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in humans and potentially demonstrate some of the beneficial effects on the retina that have been observed in nonclinical models.The planned initiation of these clinical studies is included in the Company’s cash runway to mid-November  2023  however the studies are not expected to be completed by that date and will require additional funding.Rationale for retinal benefit and the role of nitric oxide (NO)Elevated IOP is the main risk factor in glaucoma; however  a variety of IOP-independent risk factors  including ischemia (inadequate blood supply)  contribute to damage of the optic nerve head and the retina  ultimately causing vision loss. NO is a potent vasodilator  and Nicox has previously demonstrated1 a partial reversal of the ischemic effects on ocular hemodynamics and retinal dysfunction by administering a Nicox NO-donating compound. We also recently reported2 nonclinical results in an ischemia/reperfusion model suggesting that NCX 470 improves ocular perfusion and retinal function in damaged eyes compared to vehicle and therefore may have therapeutic properties beyond lowering of IOP.About NCX 470NCX 470 is a novel  nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop that leverages the potent IOP-lowering effects of NO and prostaglandin analogs (PGAs). NCX 470 incorporates Nicox’s proprietary NO-donating research platform and bimatoprost in a single molecule. NCX 470 is designed to release bimatoprost and NO into the eye to lower IOP by two pathways in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. NO is a well-known  small  naturally-occurring signaling molecule that plays a key role in the regulation of IOP through activation of soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC). NO brings additional IOP-lowering efficacy by enhancing aqueous humor drainage from the eye via a different mechanism of action than that engaged by prostaglandin analogs. Bimatoprost  marketed under the brand name LUMIGAN® by AbbVie  Inc.  is the leading branded PGA. PGAs are the most widely used class of drugs for IOP-lowering in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.NCX 470 is currently in Phase 3 development for the lowering of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or elevated intraocular pressure. The program consists of two trials  Mont Blanc and Denali. Topline results from the Mont Blanc trial were reported on October 31  2022. The similarly designed  ongoing  second Phase 3 trial  Denali  is being conducted at clinical sites in the U.S. and China  with topline results expected after 2024. The Denali trial also includes a long term safety extension through to 12 months  and is being jointly conducted and equally financed with our Chinese partner  Ocumension Therapeutics.The Mont Blanc and Denali trials have been designed to fulfill the regulatory requirements to support New Drug Application (NDA) submissions in the U.S. and China and will also provide data for other countries accepting the same clinical data package for approval. The design of the efficacy part of the Denali trial is identical to that of Mont Blanc  however there is no guarantee that the results will be the same. Both trials are necessary  and certain additional clinical and nonclinical data will also be required  to complete NDA submissions in both the U.S. and China. Should NCX 470 be developed for other territories  for example Europe or Japan  there may be additional requirements.Corporate UpdateNicox is focused on completing the analysis of the Mont Blanc data  which will be presented at key upcoming scientific congresses  the ongoing NCX 470 Denali Phase 3 glaucoma trial and investigating the potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 in a program of both nonclinical and clinical studies. In addition  research activities continue on NCX 1728  the lead candidate in a new class of molecules  the NO-donating phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors in both IOP lowering and retinal protection.Given that the Mont Blanc Phase 3 clinical trial of NCX 470 met its primary objective of non-inferiority to latanoprost  the Company has met the condition necessary to exercise its option to extend the period of interest-only payment of its existing Kreos debt by six months to January 1  2024. Nicox may exercise this option at any time until August 1  2023. If this option is not exercised  the interest only period will end on July 1  2023.The Company estimates that it is financed until mid-November 2023  and until mid-December 2023 assuming the extension of the interest only period of the existing Kreos debt  in both cases based on the development of NCX 470 alone.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.69,0.18,0.12,True,English,"['Future Development', 'Partnering Plans', 'Nicox', 'NCX', 'Glaucoma', 'Mont B l anc Phase 3 trial', 'Glaucoma Clinical Advisory Board members', 'intraocular pressure lowering P lans', 'retinal blood vessel density', 'potential c ommercial opportunity', 'The Mont Blanc trial', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'ongoing Denali trial', 'retinal blood flow', 'separate clinical trial', 'international ophthalmology company', 'eye care professionals', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Key Opinion Leaders', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'next 12 to 18 months', 'Optical Coherence Tomography', 'Episcleral Venous Pressure', 'strong Chinese partnership', 'additional detailed analysis', '8 to 9.7 mmHg reduction', 'potential retinal benefits', 'Potential partnership opportunities', 'target intraocular pressure', 'multiple treatment options', 'ocular perfusion pressure', 'U nited States', 'right commercial partnerships', 'strong commercial partnerships', 'novel nitric oxide', 'key glaucoma markets', 'intraocular pressure data', 'significant therapeutic value', 'potential future value', 'Chinese glaucoma market', 'Phase 3 development', 'additional clinical', 'retinal vessels', 'commercial potential', 'glaucoma treatment', 'Chinese market', 'clinical data', 'future development', 'ocular hypertension', '8-9.7 mmHg', 'Japanese markets', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'glaucoma medications', 'lternative treatment', 'United States', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'partnering plans', 'market research', 'unmet need', 'same way', 'existing monotherapies', 'dual mechanism', 'effective agent', 'efficacy requirement', 'good tolerability', 'current products', 'primary objective', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'regulatory requirements', 'Andreas Segerros', 'new entrant', 'Liu Ye', 'Gavin Spencer', 'reimbursement work', 'expert knowledge', 'Doug Hubatsch', 'trabecular meshwork', 'clinical studies', 'therapeutic profile', 'nonclinical support', 'nonclinical models', 'positive results', 'successful launch', 'beneficial effects', 'Nicox SA', 'product profile', 'Outcome', 'NCX', 'order', 'Intention', 'release', 'France', 'IOP', 'patients', 'action', 'approval', 'comparison', 'non-inferiority', 'latanoprost', 'China', 'parallel', 'stage', 'collaboration', 'EVP', 'pricing', 'Program', 'expertise', 'damage', 'area', 'activity', 'differentiation', 'evaluation', 'OCT', 'measurements', 'outflow', 'humans', 'planned', 'initiation', '7:30']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550035/0/en/COFACE-SA-Disclosure-of-trading-in-own-shares-excluding-the-liquidity-agreement-made-between-31-October-and-4-November-2022.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made between 31 October and 4 November 2022,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made between 31 October and 4 November 2022  Paris  7 November 2022...,English FrenchCOFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made between 31 October and 4 November 2022Paris  7 November 2022 – 17.45Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse1The main features of the 2022-2023 Share Buyback Program have been published on the Company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors/Disclosure-requirements  under “Own share transactions”) and are also described in the 2021 Universal Registration Document.Trading sessionof (Date) Transaction Number ofshares Weightedaverage price Gross amount MIC Code Purpose ofbuyback Total 31/10/2022 4 522 11.3488 € 51 319 XPAR LTIP 13 11.3100 € 147 TQEX 4 535 11.3487 € 51 466 € Total 01/11/2022 4 312 11.3658 € 49 009 XPAR LTIP 223 11.2300 € 2 504 AQEU 4 535 11.3591 € 51 513 € Total 02/11/2022 4 535 11.2015 € 50 799 XPAR LTIP 4 535 11.2015 € 50 799 € Total 03/11/2022 4 217 11.2052 € 47 252 XPAR LTIP 83 11.2500 € 934 TQEX 235 11.2500 € 2 644 CEUX 4 535 11.2083 € 50 830 € Total 04/11/2022 4 535 11.3791 € 51 604 XPAR LTIP 4 535 11.3791 € 51 604 € Total 31/10/2022 - 04/11/2022 22 675 11.2993 € 256 213 € LTIPTrading sessionof (Date) Transaction Number ofshares Weightedaverage price Gross amount MIC Code Purpose ofbuyback 31/10/2022 Purchase 400 11.3700 € 4 548.00 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 130 11.3700 € 1 478.10 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 570 11.2900 € 6 435.30 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 615 11.3600 € 6 986.40 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 428 11.3900 € 4 874.92 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 588 11.3600 € 6 679.68 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 348 11.3100 € 3 935.88 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 430 11.3500 € 4 880.50 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 513 11.3800 € 5 837.94 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 257 11.3400 € 2 914.38 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 13 11.3100 € 147.03 € TQEX LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 15 11.3000 € 169.50 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 228 11.3100 € 2 578.68 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 500 11.4100 € 5 705.00 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 151 11.4100 € 1 722.91 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 361 11.3800 € 4 108.18 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 78 11.3700 € 886.86 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.3700 € 2 842.50 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.3700 € 2 842.50 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 55 11.3700 € 625.35 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 264 11.3800 € 3 004.32 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 338 11.3800 € 3 846.44 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 524 11.3800 € 5 963.12 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 106 11.3700 € 1 205.22 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 87 11.3700 € 989.19 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 532 11.3800 € 6 054.16 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 520 11.3200 € 5 886.40 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 296 11.2400 € 3 327.04 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 223 11.2300 € 2 504.29 € AQEU LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 475 11.2600 € 5 348.50 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 39 11.2500 € 438.75 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 496 11.2500 € 5 580.00 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 261 11.1600 € 2 912.76 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 587 11.1700 € 6 556.79 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 439 11.1700 € 4 903.63 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 444 11.1700 € 4 959.48 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 629 11.1900 € 7 038.51 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 549 11.1800 € 6 137.82 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 393 11.2200 € 4 409.46 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 42 11.2700 € 473.34 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 181 11.2700 € 2 039.87 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 546 11.1400 € 6 082.44 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 48 11.1400 € 534.72 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 272 11.1700 € 3 038.24 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 232 11.1700 € 2 591.44 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 315 11.1700 € 3 518.55 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.2100 € 2 802.50 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.2100 € 2 802.50 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 249 11.2100 € 2 791.29 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 519 11.2300 € 5 828.37 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 112 11.2500 € 1 260.00 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 44 11.2500 € 495.00 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 471 11.2500 € 5 298.75 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 390 11.2300 € 4 379.70 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 161 11.2300 € 1 808.03 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 32 11.2300 € 359.36 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.2300 € 2 807.50 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 56 11.2300 € 628.88 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 34 11.2500 € 382.50 € TQEX LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 14 11.2500 € 157.50 € TQEX LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 35 11.2500 € 393.75 € TQEX LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 20 11.2500 € 225.00 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 235 11.2500 € 2 643.75 € CEUX LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 681 11.3700 € 7 742.97 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 658 11.3600 € 7 474.88 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 612 11.3800 € 6 964.56 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.3800 € 2 845.00 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 440 11.3800 € 5 007.20 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 634 11.4100 € 7 233.94 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 630 11.4100 € 7 188.30 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 315 11.3400 € 3 572.10 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 315 11.3500 € 3 575.25 € XPAR LTIPCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2022/2023(subject to change)FY-2022 results: 16 February 2023 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022: 16 May 2023FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for S1-2022 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is one of the leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.1 Also in pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 (and updates); Article L.225-209 and seq. of the French Commercial Code; Article L.221-3  Article L.241-1 and seq. of the General Regulation of the French Market Authority (AMF); AMF Recommendation DOC-2017-04 Guide for issuers on their own shares transactions and for stabilization measures.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'liquidity agreement', 'Disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', '31 October', '4 November', 'average price Gross amount', '2022-2023 Share Buyback Program', 'Own share transactions', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'MIC Code Purpose', 'English French', 'liquidity agreement', 'market abuse1', 'main features', 'Transaction Number', 'XPAR LTIP', 'Trading session', 'TQEX LTIP', 'COFACE SA', 'AQEU LTIP', 'CEUX LTIP', 'Disclosure', 'shares', '31 October', '4 November', 'Paris', '7 November', 'Regulation', '16 April', 'Company', 'website', 'Date', 'Purchase']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,globenewswire.com
12821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/valmet-to-deliver-a-pyrolyzer-plant-to-circa-groups-resolute-project-in-france-301670070.html,Valmet to deliver a pyrolyzer plant to Circa Group's ReSolute project in France,ESPOO  Finland  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Valmet has signed a contract with Circa to supply a pyrolyzer plant for the production of sustainable biochemicals at Circa's ReSolute plant in France. Valmet's delivery includes pyrolyzer technology  a circulating…,"ESPOO  Finland  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Valmet has signed a contract with Circa to supply a pyrolyzer plant for the production of sustainable biochemicals at Circa's ReSolute plant in France. Valmet's delivery includes pyrolyzer technology  a circulating fluidized bed (CFB) boiler and an automation system. The ReSolute plant will produce 1 000 tonnes of bio-based solvent called CyreneTM per year. It is used to replace fossil petroleum-based solvents used in a wide variety of industries.The order is included in Valmet's orders received of the fourth quarter 2022. The value of the order will not be disclosed. The equipment deliveries are scheduled for the second and the third quarter 2023.""Our co-operation with Valmet has reached the first commercial milestone. We expect to continue the co-operation to reach our goal of producing 80 000 tonnes of Cyrene annually by 2030. Valmet's concept for integrating the pyrolyzer and the energy production provides major savings in plant operating costs "" says Tony Duncan  CEO of Circa Group.""We are actively developing technology to replace fossil raw materials with renewable ones. We are working with various applications for our pyrolysis technology. Together with Circa we have tested the biochemicals production process in various pilot trials. In this project we have combined our experience in other thermal conversion processes with our know-how in automation. This is an excellent example of widening our product portfolio into new technologies "" says Ari Saario  Vice President  Strategy and R&D  Pulp and Energy  Valmet.This order is a continuation of the cooperation agreement signed in May 2022. The long-term objective is to develop deployable modules with a capacity of 10–15 thousand tonnes per annum.The contract was signed by Valmet and Circa representatives at the Valmet head office in Espoo  Finland.In the picture Bertel Karlstedt from Valmet and Tony Duncan from Circa Group.Technical details about the deliveryValmet's delivery includes a Valmet Pyrolyzer system  a Valmet CFB boiler and a Valmet DNA Automation system. The pyrolyzer system has a capacity of 2 tonnes dry solids per hour  and produces raw material for Circa's further distillation and hydrogenation processing. The CFB boiler  with a capacity of 10 MW fuel  produces energy for the pyrolyzer  the biomass dryer and for the distillation. The plant can produce its own thermal energy by utilizing pyrolyzer side product  biochar  in the CFB boiler. The Valmet DNA automation system covers the whole plant enabling optimization of the complete process.Information about CircaEstablished in 2006  Circa Group converts waste  non-food biomass into advanced bio-based chemicals with its proprietary Furacell™ process. Its developing product portfolio includes flavors  biopolymers  and bio-solvents including Cyrene™  an alternative to traditional polar aprotic solvents. By creating renewable chemicals from cellulose  Circa is extracting value from non-food  surplus biomass and contributing to industry as it transitions to a more circular economy. In March 2021  Circa Group listed on the Euronext Growth Market in Oslo  Norway.VALMETCorporate CommunicationsFor further information  please contact:Ari Saario  VP  Strategy and R&D  Pulp and Energy business line  Valmet  tel. +358 50 590 2046Jari Niemelä  Director  New Technologies  Boilers and Gasifiers  Energy business unit  Valmet  tel. +358 50 317 8050Valmet is a leading global developer and supplier of process technologies  automation and services for the pulp  paper and energy industries. With our automation systems and flow control solutions we serve an even wider base of process industries. Our 17 500 professionals around the world work close to our customers and are committed to moving our customers' performance forward – every day.The company has over 220 years of industrial history and a strong track record in continuous improvement and renewal. In 2022  a major milestone was achieved when the flow control company Neles was merged into Valmet. The combined company's net sales in 2021 were approximately EUR 4.5 billion based on the respective company figures.Valmet's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki and the head office is in Espoo  Finland.Follow us on valmet.com | Twitter | Twitter (IR) | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram |Processing of personal dataThe following files are available for download:https://news.cision.com/valmet-oyj/i/valmet-circa-signing-600x c3111041 Valmet Circa signing 600x https://news.cision.com/valmet-oyj/i/valmet-circa-signing-hires c3111047 Valmet Circa signing hiresSOURCE Valmet Oyj",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['pyrolyzer plant', 'Circa Group', 'ReSolute project', 'Valmet', 'France', 'The Valmet DNA automation system', 'traditional polar aprotic solvents', 'other thermal conversion processes', 'fossil petroleum-based solvents', 'circulating fluidized bed', 'Euronext Growth Market', 'leading global developer', 'flow control solutions', 'strong track record', 'The CFB boiler', 'first commercial milestone', 'fossil raw materials', 'various pilot trials', 'proprietary Furacell™ process', 'The ReSolute plant', 'developing product portfolio', 'plant operating costs', 'advanced bio-based chemicals', 'Energy business line', 'Energy business unit', 'flow control company', 'respective company figures', '2 tonnes dry solids', 'pyrolyzer side product', 'SOURCE Valmet Oyj', 'biochemicals production process', 'Valmet Pyrolyzer system', 'Valmet head office', 'Valmet CFB boiler', 'CFB) boiler', 'thermal energy', 'sustainable biochemicals', 'bio-based solvent', 'various applications', 'automation systems', 'major milestone', 'complete process', 'process technologies', 'process industries', 'pyrolyzer plant', 'wide variety', 'fourth quarter', 'equipment deliveries', 'third quarter', 'energy production', 'major savings', 'Tony Duncan', 'excellent example', 'new technologies', 'Ari Saario', 'Vice President', 'R&D', 'cooperation agreement', 'long-term objective', 'deployable modules', 'Bertel Karlstedt', 'Technical details', '10 MW fuel', 'biomass dryer', 'non-food biomass', 'renewable chemicals', 'surplus biomass', 'circular economy', 'Corporate Communications', 'Jari Niemelä', 'wider base', 'industrial history', 'continuous improvement', 'net sales', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'personal data', 'following files', '10–15 thousand tonnes', 'pyrolyzer technology', 'pyrolysis technology', 'energy industries', 'hydrogenation processing', ""customers' performance"", 'Circa Group', 'Circa representatives', '1,000 tonnes', '80 000 tonnes', 'ESPOO', 'Finland', 'PRNewswire', 'contract', 'France', 'delivery', 'year', 'order', 'value', 'second', 'co-operation', 'goal', 'Cyrene', 'concept', 'CEO', 'project', 'experience', 'know-how', 'Strategy', 'Pulp', 'continuation', 'May', 'capacity', 'picture', 'hour', 'distillation', 'biochar', 'optimization', 'Information', 'flavors', 'biopolymers', 'bio-solvents', 'alternative', 'cellulose', 'industry', 'March', 'Oslo', 'Norway', 'VP', 'Director', 'Boilers', 'Gasifiers', 'supplier', 'services', 'paper', '17,500 professionals', 'world', 'renewal', 'Neles', 'shares', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'download', 'valmet-oyj', 'cision', 'hires']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,prnewswire.com
12822,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-20646097.html,Poxel Presents DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Results for PXL065 in NASH at AASLD The Liver Meeting® 2022,POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare,"Poxel Presents DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Results for PXL065 in NASH at AASLD The Liver Meeting® 2022POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  today announced that the results from its Phase 2 study of PXL065 in NASH (DESTINY-1) were presented during the late-breaking session at The Liver Meeting® 2022  hosted by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD)  being held in Washington  D.C. PXL065 is a novel  proprietary deuterium-stabilizedR-pioglitazone and one of the most advanced therapies in development in NASH  for which there is no approved treatment.Stephen Harrison  MD  President  Summit Clinical Research  and principal investigator of this study  presented the results in the oral presentation titled  ""PXL065 (Deuterium-Stabilized R-enantiomer of pioglitazone) Reduces Liver Fat Content and Improves Liver Histology without PPAR?-mediated Side Effects in Patients with NASH: Analysis of a 36 Week Placebo-Controlled Phase 2 Trial (DESTINY-1).""Dr. Harrison noted: ""PXL065 lacks in vitro PPAR? activity whereas deuterium-stabilized (S)-pioglitazone accounts for all of the PPAR? agonism of racemic pioglitazone. Based on the established efficacy of pioglitazone in NASH and these findings with PXL065  we sought to test the hypothesis that a TZD which retains non-genomic mechanisms and reduced net in vivo PPAR? burden could be an effective and safe approach to the treatment of NASH. The DESTINY-1 efficacy results are aligned with prior studies showing similar benefits with pioglitazone. Importantly  PXL065 appears to have a clear PPAR?-sparing profile with respect to characteristic adverse effects of pioglitazone. From DESTINY-1 we conclude that PXL065 is a differentiated and novel oral agent with a new chemical structure  distinct molecular pharmacology  a unique PK profile  reduced potential for PPAR?-driven adverse events and a very encouraging efficacy profile in patients with noncirrhotic NASH. Confirmation of histologic benefits by testing in a pivotal clinical trial is warranted.""Summary of Phase 2 NASH (DESTINY-1) PXL065 Study ResultsDESTINY-1 was a Phase 2  36-week  randomized  dose-ranging  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel group study designed to assess the efficacy and safety of PXL065 in patients with noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH across multiple clinical sites in the US. The primary endpoint of the study measured the relative change in the percentage of liver fat content based on magnetic resonance imaging-estimated proton density fat fraction (MRI-PDFF). The study also assessed the effects of PXL065 on liver histology and other metabolic and non-metabolic biomarkers.117 subjects were randomized to one of 4 daily (QD) treatment arms (7.5 mg  15 mg  22.5 mg  placebo). Analysis of histologic changes was based on paired liver biopsies in PXL065 vs. placebo-treated NASH patients before and after the 36-week treatment period.Results presented today are as follows:Changes in Liver Fat and Key Markers of Fibrosis and Liver InjuryThe primary efficacy endpoint was achieved: a statistically significant (p=0.024 to p=0.008) mean relative decrease vs. placebo of 21% to 25% in liver fat content from baseline to 36 weeks was observed at all PXL065 doses. 40% of patients who received PXL065 at the 22.5 mg dose achieved a >30% relative reduction in liver fat content.Trend in least-square mean ALT decreases up to 18.4 IU/L vs. baseline. Subjects experiencing a decrease in ALT by more than -17U/L were numerically higher in the PXL065 groups (38% to 54%) versus placebo (26%).Statistically significant dose-dependent decreases in PIIINP (fibrogenesis biomarker  p=0.02 at 22.5 mg) and the NAFLD Fibrosis Score (p=0.04 at 22.5 mg) along with favorable trends for dose-dependent improvements in other markers of fibrogenesis/fibrosis risk (ProC3  ELF  Fib4) were observed.Biopsy EndpointsFibrosis improvement by > 1 stage without worsening of NASH  an endpoint recognized by FDA for approval  occurred in 31-50% patients in the PXL065 study arms vs. 17% with placebo. Across all PXL065 treatment arms (pooled data)  39% of patients had fibrosis improvement by ?1 stage without worsening NASH vs. 17% with placebo.1 stage without worsening of NASH  an endpoint recognized by FDA for approval  occurred in 31-50% patients in the PXL065 study arms vs. 17% with placebo. Across all PXL065 treatment arms (pooled data)  39% of patients had fibrosis improvement by ?1 stage without worsening NASH vs. 17% with placebo. Worsening of fibrosis by > 1 stage was observed in 9-12% of patients in PXL065 arms vs. 26% with placebo.1 stage was observed in 9-12% of patients in PXL065 arms vs. 26% with placebo. A > 2 point improvement in the NAFLD Activity Score (NAS) with no worsening of fibrosis was observed in 50% of PXL065 treated patients at the 15 and 22.5 mg dose levels vs. 30% with placebo.2 point improvement in the NAFLD Activity Score (NAS) with no worsening of fibrosis was observed in 50% of PXL065 treated patients at the 15 and 22.5 mg dose levels vs. 30% with placebo. Across all PXL065 treatment arms (pooled data)  26% of patients achieved NASH resolution with ?1 stage fibrosis improvement vs. 13% with placebo.Metabolic ParametersA dose-dependent decrease in HbA1c (up to 0.41 % placebo-adjusted; p=0.003 at 22.5 mg) was observed; in patients with co-existing Type 2 diabetes  the placebo-adjusted change was up to -0.56%. Given baseline HbA1c values indicating good glucose control on existing Type 2 diabetes treatments (6.1-6.3% overall; 6.6-7.4% in T2D)  these effects are potentially clinically meaningful.Modest plasma adiponectin level increase (p<0.0001 vs. placebo at 22.5 mg); consistent with limited degree of PPARg activation and observed safety profile with reduced potential for weight gain or peripheral edema.Improvements in insulin levels and insulin sensitivity indices (HOMA-IR  Adipo-IR  QUICKI) were also observed.Safety & TolerabilityThere was no dose-dependent increase in body weight: a minimal least-square mean increase of 0.68 kg was observed at the top dose of 22.5 mg vs. placebo.Low incidence of edema without observed treatment or dose relation when compared to placebo.With respect to other safety measures  PXL065 was observed to be generally safe and well tolerated; the number of patients presenting with treatment-emergent serious adverse events (TESAEs) were similar among all groups including placebo without dose effect. None were treatment related.PharmacokineticsAs predicted  pharmacokinetic measurements showed dose-proportional drug levels with the desired degree of higher exposure to the pioglitazone R-stereoisomer and reduced exposure to the (PPARg active) S-stereoisomer.About PXL065PXL065 is a novel  proprietary deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone. Although pioglitazone is not approved by the FDA for the treatment of NASH  it is the most extensively studied drug for NASH; in multiple prior trials  improvements in liver histology  including reductions in fibrosis  were demonstrated1 2. Pioglitazone is the only drug recommended for biopsy-proven NASH patients by the Practice Guidelines published by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL)3. Pioglitazone's off-label use for NASH  however  has been limited due to the PPAR?-related side effects  which include weight gain  bone fractures and fluid retention.Pioglitazone is a 1:1 mixture of two mirror-image compounds (R- and S-stereoisomers) that interconvert in vivo. Using deuterium  Poxel stabilized each stereoisomer and characterized their different pharmacological properties. In in vitro studies  PXL065 has been shown to target non-genomic pathways including mitochondrial pyruvate carrier (MPC) and acyl-CoA synthetase 4 (ACSL4). In preclinical animal models  PXL065 exhibits the NASH efficacy associated with pioglitazone with no significant weight gain or fluid retention  side effects which are associated with the S-stereoisomer4. NASH Phase 2 (DESTINY 1 trial) results available to-date show statistically significant effects of PXL065 on liver fat content  biomarkers related to liver fibrogenesis-fibrosis risk  as well as positive effects on fibrosis and other key parameters based on histology analysis. Relative to published data for pioglitazone  reduced potential for weight gain and edema was also evident. Based upon preclinical  Phase 1 and Phase 2 results  Poxel believes that PXL065 may have a better therapeutic profile than pioglitazone for NASH and may also have suitable properties for further development in other indications including adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD).About NASHNon-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a metabolic disease with no clear disease origin that is quickly becoming a worldwide epidemic. It is characterized by the accumulation of fat in the liver causing inflammation and fibrosis. The disease can be silent for a long period of time  but once it accelerates  severe damage and liver cirrhosis can occur  which can significantly impact liver function or can even result in liver failure or liver cancer. Typical risk factors for NASH include obesity  elevated levels of blood lipids (such as cholesterol and triglycerides) and type 2 diabetes. Currently no curative or specific therapies are available.About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) met its primary endpoint in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). In rare diseases  development of PXL770  a first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  is focused on the treatment of adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel's first-in-class product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  is now marketed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma and Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  and eleven other Asian countries. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company's control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target "" ""believe "" ""expect "" ""aim "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""project "" ""will "" ""can have "" ""likely "" ""should "" ""would "" ""could"" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company's control that could cause the Company's actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.1 Cusi  et al.  Ann Intern Med. 2016  165(5)  305-315.2 Musso et al. Hepatology 2017; 65: 1058-1061.3 J Hepatol. 2016  64:1388-402; Hepatology 2018  67: 328-357.4 Jacques et al. Hepatol Comm 2021; 5:1412-1425.News published on 7 november 2022 at 14:20 and distributed by:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.21,0.56,True,English,"['DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Results', 'The Liver Meeting', 'Poxel', 'PXL065', 'NASH', 'AASLD', 'Phase 2, 36-week, randomized, dose-ranging, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study', 'magnetic resonance imaging-estimated proton density fat fraction', '36 Week Placebo-Controlled Phase 2 Trial', 'deuterium-stabilized (S)-pioglitazone accounts', '4 daily (QD) treatment arms', 'clear PPAR?-sparing profile', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', '36-week treatment period', 'pivotal clinical trial', 'unique PK profile', 'Summit Clinical Research', 'multiple clinical sites', 'novel, proprietary deuterium-stabilized', 'Liver Fat Content', 'new chemical structure', 'distinct molecular pharmacology', 'encouraging efficacy profile', 'chronic serious diseases', 'novel oral agent', 'significant dose-dependent decreases', 'DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Results', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'mediated Side Effects', 'characteristic adverse effects', 'square mean ALT', 'NAFLD Activity Score', 'D.C. PXL065', 'The Liver Meeting', 'NAFLD Fibrosis Score', 'PXL065 study arms', 'PXL065 treatment arms', '22.5 mg dose levels', 'noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH', 'Phase 2 study', 'DESTINY-1 efficacy results', '1) PXL065 Study Results', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'placebo-treated NASH patients', 'Phase 2 NASH', 'Liver Diseases', 'Deuterium-Stabilized R-enantiomer', 'PXL065 arms', 'oral presentation', 'Liver Histology', 'liver biopsies', 'Liver Injury', 'dose-dependent improvements', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'other metabolic', 'primary endpoint', 'innovative treatments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'late-breaking session', 'American Association', 'advanced therapies', 'Stephen Harrison', 'principal investigator', 'Dr. Harrison', 'non-genomic mechanisms', 'safe approach', 'prior studies', 'similar benefits', 'histologic benefits', 'relative change', 'Key Markers', '>30% relative reduction', 'fibrogenesis biomarker', 'favorable trends', 'other markers', 'fibrogenesis/fibrosis risk', 'Biopsy Endpoints', '> 2 point improvement', 'noncirrhotic NASH', 'PXL065 lacks', 'PXL065 doses', 'PXL065 groups', 'Fibrosis improvement', 'vivo PPAR', 'histologic changes', 'relative decrease', 'POXEL SA', '31-50% patients', 'racemic pioglitazone', '1 stage', '15 mg', 'AASLD', 'Euronext', 'Washington', 'R-pioglitazone', 'development', 'MD', 'President', 'Analysis', 'vitro', 'agonism', 'findings', 'hypothesis', 'TZD', 'burden', 'effective', 'respect', 'differentiated', 'reduced', 'potential', 'Confirmation', 'testing', 'Summary', 'safety', 'percentage', 'MRI-PDFF', '117 subjects', 'baseline', '36 weeks', '4 IU', '17U', 'PIIINP', 'ProC', 'ELF', 'worsening', 'FDA', 'approval', 'data']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,lelezard.com
12823,EuroNext,Bing API,https://technews.tmcnet.com/news/2022/11/07/9707659.htm,Valneva to Present and Hold Investor Meetings at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,Saint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach and Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler will present and ...,Saint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach and Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler will present and ...,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Investor Meetings', 'Valneva', 'Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler', 'Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Valneva SE', 'Euronext Paris', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'VLA']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,technews.tmcnet.com
12824,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-11/57513015-poxel-sa-poxel-announces-upcoming-participation-at-the-jefferies-london-healthcare-conference-004.htm,Poxel SA: Poxel Announces Upcoming Participation at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholi,"All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company's control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target "" ""believe "" ""expect "" ""aim "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""project "" ""will "" ""can have "" ""likely "" ""should "" ""would "" ""could"" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company's control that could cause the Company's actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.Poxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology   including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R -pioglitazone) met its primary endpoint in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). In rare diseases  development of PXL770   a first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  is focused on the treatment of adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). TWYMEEG (Imeglimin)  Poxel's first-in-class product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  is now marketed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma and Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  and eleven other Asian countries. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.Werbehinweise: Die Billigung des Basisprospekts durch die BaFin ist nicht als ihre Befürwortung der angebotenen Wertpapiere zu verstehen. Wir empfehlen Interessenten und potenziellen Anlegern den Basisprospekt und die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu lesen  bevor sie eine Anlageentscheidung treffen  um sich möglichst umfassend zu informieren  insbesondere über die potenziellen Risiken und Chancen des Wertpapiers. Sie sind im Begriff  ein Produkt zu erwerben  das nicht einfach ist und schwer zu verstehen sein kann.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Upcoming Participation', 'Poxel SA', 'direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase', 'autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease', 'eleven other Asian countries', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'deuterium-stabilized R -pioglitazone', 'Endgültigen Bedingungen', 'chronic serious diseases', 'other words', 'rare diseases', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'external hyperlinks', 'innovative treatments', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'rare disorders', 'primary endpoint', 'Phase 2 trial', 'AMPK) activator', 'mitochondrial dysfunction', 'type 2 diabetes', 'Sumitomo Pharma', 'sales-based payments', 'strategic partnership', 'Euronext Paris', 'Befürwortung', 'potenziellen Anlegern', 'potenziellen Risiken', 'The Company', 'class product', 'Forward-looking statements', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'control', 'limitation', 'target', 'plan', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'content', 'Poxel', 'NASH', 'PXL065', 'development', 'PXL770', 'adrenoleukodystrophy', 'ALD', 'ADPKD', 'TWYMEEG', 'Imeglimin', 'Japan', 'royalties', 'China', 'Lyon', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Boston', 'Tokyo', 'Werbehinweise', 'Billigung', 'Basisprospekts', 'BaFin', 'angebotenen', 'Wertpapiere', 'Interessenten', 'Anlageentscheidung', 'Chancen', 'Wertpapiers', 'Begriff', 'Produkt']",2022-11-05,2022-11-07,finanznachrichten.de
12825,EuroNext,Bing API,https://sports.yahoo.com/deinove-announces-opening-receivership-proceedings-164500919.html?src=rss,Deinove Announces the Opening of Receivership Proceedings,DEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent  global challenge of antibiotic resistance ,"DeinoveDEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent  global challenge of antibiotic resistance  announces that  following the Company's request (press release published on October 28  2022)  the Montpellier Commercial Court decided on November 7  2022 to open receivership proceedings (“procédure de redressement judiciaire”) with an observation period (“période d'observation”) of 6 weeks from the opening judgment  during which time the Company will continue its current activities.The Court also appointed the firm FHBX in the person of Maître Jean-François Blanc as receiver (“administrateur judiciaire”).""With the cooperation of the receiver  we will examine all possible recovery solutions"" says Alexis Rideau  Chief Executive Officer of DEINOVE.The purpose of these proceedings is to evaluate all solutions that could enable the Company to continue its business activity  maintain employment  and pay off its liabilities under the best possible conditions  and also to initiate a process to attract investors within the framework of a recovery plan by way of continuation or a sale plan.Regular press releases will be issued as the receivership proceedings progress.The listing of the Company's shares (ISIN: FR0010879056)  which was suspended on October 28  2022  will resume on November 8  2022.ABOUT DEINOVEDEINOVE is a French biotechnology company pioneering the exploration of a new domain of life  unexplored at 99.9%: the “microbial dark matter”. By revealing the metabolic potential of rare bacteria or still classified as uncultivable  it tackles a global health and economic challenge: antimicrobial resistance.The new therapies discovered and developed by DEINOVE target superbugs (microbes that have become resistant to one or more antimicrobials) that cause life-threatening infections which are now spreading at high speed.This breakthrough approach gave rise to one of the world’s first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms and a unique collection of nearly 10 000 rare strains and thousands of bacterial extracts. Today  DEINOVE is conducting several development programs  of which its first antibiotic candidate is currently evaluated in a Phase II clinical trial in severe Clostridioides difficile infection  one of the world’s first emergencies. The Company has also developed new bacterial micro-factories that address the other issue in the race against antimicrobial resistance: the industrial production of these rare and low concentrated compounds with often too complex chemical structures to be generated by chemical synthesis.Story continuesLocated at the heart of the Euromedecine park in Montpellier  DEINOVE has been listed on EURONEXT GROWTH® (ALDEI – code ISIN FR0010879056) since 2010. The Company has 45 employees and relies on a network of world-class academic  technological  industrial and institutional partners.CONTACTSInvestorsMario AlcarazChief Financial and Administrative Officer+33 (0)4 48 19 01 00ir@deinove.comMediaATCG Partners+33 (0)9 81 87 46 72communication@deinove.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.25,0.64,True,English,"['Receivership Proceedings', 'Deinove', 'Opening', 'Maître Jean-François Blanc', 'procédure de redressement judiciaire', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'severe Clostridioides difficile infection', 'first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms', 'world-class academic, technological, industrial', 'best possible conditions', 'microbial dark matter', 'several development programs', 'low concentrated compounds', 'Regular press releases', 'first antibiotic candidate', 'complex chemical structures', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'urgent, global challenge', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'French biotech company', 'French biotechnology company', 'new bacterial micro-factories', 'Montpellier Commercial Court', 'possible recovery solutions', 'receivership proceedings progress', 'administrateur judiciaire', 'first emergencies', 'industrial production', 'EURONEXT GROWTH®', 'antibiotic resistance', 'The Court', 'recovery plan', 'global health', 'economic challenge', 'chemical synthesis', 'Chief Financial', 'Administrative Officer', 'bacterial biodiversity', 'new domain', 'new therapies', 'bacterial extracts', 'période', 'opening judgment', 'current activities', 'Alexis Rideau', 'business activity', 'sale plan', 'metabolic potential', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'life-threatening infections', 'high speed', 'breakthrough approach', 'unique collection', 'other issue', 'Euromedecine park', 'institutional partners', 'Mario Alcaraz', 'ATCG Partners', 'The Company', 'rare bacteria', '10,000 rare strains', 'observation period', 'Deinove', 'ALDEI', 'pioneer', 'exploration', 'exploitation', 'request', 'October', 'November', '6 weeks', 'time', 'firm', 'FHBX', 'person', 'cooperation', 'purpose', 'employment', 'liabilities', 'process', 'investors', 'framework', 'way', 'continuation', 'listing', 'shares', 'superbugs', 'microbes', 'antimicrobials', 'rise', 'thousands', 'race', 'Story', 'heart', 'code', 'ISIN', '45 employees', 'network', 'CONTACTS', 'Media', 'communication', 'Attachment', '9']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,sports.yahoo.com
12826,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/poxel-announces-upcoming-participation-jefferies-164500933.html,Poxel Announces Upcoming Participation at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL – FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders ,"LYON  France  November 07  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL – FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  today announced its participation at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference  to be held in London from Tuesday  November 15 to Thursday  November 17  2022.Members of the Poxel management team will be available for one-on-one meetings with investors.About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) met its primary endpoint in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). In rare diseases  development of PXL770  a first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  is focused on the treatment of adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  is now marketed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma and Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  and eleven other Asian countries. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target "" ""believe "" ""expect "" ""aim "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""project "" ""will "" ""can have "" ""likely "" ""should "" ""would "" ""could"" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.Story continuesView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005778/en/ContactsInvestor relations / MediaAurélie BozzaInvestor Relations & Communication Senior Directoraurelie.bozza@poxelpharma.com+33 6 99 81 08 36Elizabeth WooSenior Vice President  Investor Relations & Communicationelizabeth.woo@poxelpharma.comNewCapEmmanuel Huynh or Arthur Rouillépoxel@newcap.eu+33 1 44 71 94 94",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.16,0.56,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Upcoming Participation', 'Poxel', 'direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase', 'autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease', 'eleven other Asian countries', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Senior Vice President', 'Aurélie Bozza', 'Communication Senior Director', 'Poxel management team', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'chronic serious diseases', 'rare disorders', 'rare diseases', 'other words', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'The Company', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative treatments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'one meetings', 'deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone', 'primary endpoint', 'Phase 2 trial', 'AMPK) activator', 'mitochondrial dysfunction', 'type 2 diabetes', 'Sumitomo Pharma', 'sales-based payments', 'strategic partnership', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'external hyperlinks', 'source version', 'Investor relations', 'Elizabeth Woo', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Arthur Rouillé', 'class product', 'Euronext Paris', 'POXEL SA', 'Forward-looking statements', 'LYON', 'France', 'NASH', 'participation', 'Tuesday', 'November', 'Thursday', 'Members', 'investors', 'PXL065', 'streamlined', 'development', 'PXL770', 'adrenoleukodystrophy', 'ALD', 'ADPKD', 'TWYMEEG®', 'Imeglimin', 'Japan', 'royalties', 'China', 'subsidiaries', 'Boston', 'Tokyo', 'information', 'poxelpharma', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'control', 'limitation', 'target', 'plan', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'content', 'Story', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'aurelie', 'NewCap']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
12827,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Spent the day with the @guaranteed_irl Irish Alumni at the Irish Stock Exchange hosted by @Euronext. Invaluable lea… https://t.co/QlB6upT7LA,nan,Spent the day with the @guaranteed_irl Irish Alumni at the Irish Stock Exchange hosted by @Euronext. Invaluable lea… https://t.co/QlB6upT7LA,positive,0.98,0.02,0.01,positive,0.98,0.02,0.01,True,English,"['Irish Stock Exchange', 'Invaluable lea', 'day', 'QlB6upT7LA', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'Invaluable lea', 'day', 'QlB6upT7LA']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12828,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Fantastic day at @guaranteed_irl business alumni event today in @euronext_ie  @AntonSavageShow was an excellent hos… https://t.co/GX2uJt2Qbx,nan,Fantastic day at @guaranteed_irl business alumni event today in @euronext_ie  @AntonSavageShow was an excellent hos… https://t.co/GX2uJt2Qbx,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Fantastic day', 'excellent hos', 'GX2uJt2Qbx', 'Fantastic day', 'excellent hos', 'GX2uJt2Qbx']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12829,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Thank you @welcomer  Brid for asking me to be part of a wonderful event @euronext_ie @DCCIreland https://t.co/bNvjs8gsBC,nan,Thank you @welcomer  Brid for asking me to be part of a wonderful event @euronext_ie @DCCIreland https://t.co/bNvjs8gsBC,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['wonderful event', 'Brid', 'part', 'euronext_ie', 'DCCIreland', 'wonderful event', 'Brid', 'part', 'euronext_ie', 'DCCIreland']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12830,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext price target raised to EUR 78 from EUR 77 at Credit Suisse$EUXTF,nan,Euronext price target raised to EUR 78 from EUR 77 at Credit Suisse$EUXTF,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext price target', 'Credit Suisse', 'Euronext price target', 'Credit Suisse']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12831,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@bernardjackman @euronext_ie @AntonSavageShow @Eleanor_McEvoy Thanks so much for being on our panel  we really enjo… https://t.co/OaA5C6hReQ,nan,@bernardjackman @euronext_ie @AntonSavageShow @Eleanor_McEvoy Thanks so much for being on our panel  we really enjo… https://t.co/OaA5C6hReQ,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['bernardjackman', 'AntonSavageShow', 'Eleanor_McEvoy', 'panel', 'OaA5C6hReQ', 'bernardjackman', 'AntonSavageShow', 'Eleanor_McEvoy', 'panel', 'OaA5C6hReQ']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12832,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@bernardjackman @guaranteed_irl @euronext_ie @Eleanor_McEvoy You’re a gent Bernard. Very enjoyable to get to chat to you.,nan,@bernardjackman @guaranteed_irl @euronext_ie @Eleanor_McEvoy You’re a gent Bernard. Very enjoyable to get to chat to you.,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['gent Bernard', 'bernardjackman', 'Eleanor_McEvoy', 'gent Bernard', 'bernardjackman', 'Eleanor_McEvoy']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12833,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Our CEO @MarcODwyer is attending the @guaranteed_irl business Alumni event at @euronext_ie… https://t.co/fNpBmnGDp9,nan,Our CEO @MarcODwyer is attending the @guaranteed_irl business Alumni event at @euronext_ie… https://t.co/fNpBmnGDp9,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['CEO', 'MarcODwyer', 'CEO', 'MarcODwyer']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12834,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@MoltenVentures - NAV reset reflects falls in public markets. $GROW #LSE @LSEplc #EuronextDublin @euronext_ie… https://t.co/A1PHRfyLtR,nan,@MoltenVentures - NAV reset reflects falls in public markets. $GROW #LSE @LSEplc #EuronextDublin @euronext_ie… https://t.co/A1PHRfyLtR,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['public markets', 'MoltenVentures', 'NAV', 'falls', 'LSE', 'EuronextDublin', 'euronext_ie', 'A1PHRfyLtR', 'public markets', 'MoltenVentures', 'NAV', 'falls', 'LSE', 'EuronextDublin', 'euronext_ie', 'A1PHRfyLtR']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
12835,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Brid O’Connell of #GuaranteedIrish ringing the iconic bell with the #GuaranteedIrishBusinessAlumni at @euronext_ie… https://t.co/RN0RPH1VLr,nan,Brid O’Connell of #GuaranteedIrish ringing the iconic bell with the #GuaranteedIrishBusinessAlumni at @euronext_ie… https://t.co/RN0RPH1VLr,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,True,English,"['Brid O’Connell', 'iconic bell', 'RN0RPH1VLr', 'Brid O’Connell', 'iconic bell', 'RN0RPH1VLr']",2022-11-07,2022-11-07,Unknown
