UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
7818,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pan-american-energy-l-argentine-132900144.html,"Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch Announces Expiration and Results of the Offer to Exchange Any and All of its Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 for newly-issued 7.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the ""New Notes"")","Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American"" and...","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina  July 18  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American"" and  together with the Issuer  ""we "" ""us"" or ""our"")  today announced the expiration of its offer to exchange (the ""Exchange Offer"") any and all of its outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ""Existing Notes"") (CUSIPs: E7S78B AA0 (Reg S) / 69784D AA6 (Reg D); ISINs: USE7S78BAA00 (Reg S) / US69784DAA63 (Reg D)) for New Notes  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum (the ""Exchange Offer Memorandum"")  dated June 29  2022  and the related Eligibility Letter (as defined in the Exchange Offer Memorandum) (together  the ""Exchange Offer Documents"")  which had been previously announced on June 29  2022. Pan American will provide a full and unconditional guarantee in the form of a debt recognition obligation (the ""Guarantee"") in respect of the New Notes. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Exchange Offer Documents.Morrow Sodali International LLC  acting as information and exchange agent (the ""Information and Exchange Agent"") for the Exchange Offer  advised us that  as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July 15  2022 (the ""Expiration Date"")  US$105 152 000 aggregate principal amount of the Existing Notes had been validly tendered for exchange  representing 87.63% of the principal amount of the outstanding Existing Notes. The Issuer expects to consummate the Exchange Offer on or about July 21  2022. Accrued Interest on Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange will be paid through The Depository Trust Company and the delivery of New Notes issued in exchange for Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange will be made through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking  S.A.The New Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or any state securities laws. The New Notes are being offered for exchange only outside the United States to persons other than ""U.S. persons"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and who are not acquiring New Notes for the account or benefit of a U.S. person  in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.Story continuesThe New Notes will constitute non-convertible negotiable obligations (obligaciones negociables) under Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law No. 23 576  as amended and supplemented (the ""Negotiable Obligations Law"")  will be entitled to the benefits set forth therein and subject to the procedural requirements established therein  and will be issued and placed in accordance with such law  Law No. 26 831  as amended and supplemented  including Law No. 27 440  as amended and supplemented  General Resolution No. 622/2013 issued by the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the ""CNV"")  as amended and supplemented (the ""CNV Rules"")  and any other applicable Argentine laws and regulations.The Issuer is registered as a frequent issuer (emisor frecuente) with the CNV  under Register No. 12  authorized by Disposition Nos. DI-2020-34-APN-GE of the CNV dated July 3  2020  DI-2020-42-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated September 4  2020  DI-2021-9-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated March 29  2021 and DI-2022-14-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated May 5  2022. The Issuer has registered with the CNV a U.S.$3 000 000 000 (or the equivalent amount in other currencies or units of value) Argentine frequent issuer prospectus dated May 6  2022.The public offering of the New Notes in Argentina is included in the authorization that the CNV granted to the Issuer to issue notes under the CNV's frequent issuer regime provided in General Resolution No. 746/2018 of the CNV and the CNV Rules  in accordance with Section VIII  Chapter V  Title II of the CNV Rules. The CNV's authorization means only that the information requirements of the CNV have been satisfied. Neither the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement (suplemento de prospecto y canje) have been previously reviewed or approved by the CNV. The Issuer will file the final documentation relating to the New Notes with the CNV within five Argentine business days of the Expiration Date  in accordance with Article 74  Section VIII  Title II  Chapter V of the CNV Rules.This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Exchange Offer Documents. This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer. Neither the delivery of this announcement  the Exchange Offer Documents nor any tender or exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offer shall under any circumstances create any implication that the information contained in this announcement or the Exchange Offer Documents is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof or thereof  as applicable  or that there has been no change in the information set forth herein or therein or in the Issuer's affairs since the date hereof or thereof  as applicable.Itau BBA USA Securities  Inc. and Banco Santander  S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer outside of Argentina. Banco Itaú Argentina S.A. and Banco Santander Argentina S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Argentine Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer in Argentina.None of the Issuer  Pan American  the Dealer Managers  the Argentine Dealer Managers  the trustee for the Existing Notes  the trustee for the New Notes or the Information and Exchange Agent makes any recommendation as to whether or not Eligible Holders of Existing Notes should participate in the Exchange Offer.For further information about the terms of the Exchange Offer  please contact the Dealer Managers at their addresses and telephone numbers set forth below. Questions relating to the terms of the Exchange Offer by Eligible Holders in Argentina should be directed to the Argentine Dealer Managers. Questions concerning tender procedures and requests for additional copies of the Exchange Offer Memorandum should be directed to the Information and Exchange Agent at its e-mail address and telephone numbers set forth below or by accessing the Eligibility Letter website ( https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility ).DEALER MANAGERSItau BBA USA Securities  Inc.540 Madison Avenue  24th Floor New York  New York 10022 United States of America Telephone (U.S. Toll Free): +1 (888) 770-4828 Telephone (U.S.): +1 (212) 710-6749 Banco Santander  S.A.Ciudad Grupo Santander Avenida de Cantabria s/n Edificio Encinar  planta baja 28660 Boadilla del Monte Madrid  Spain E-mail: tommaso.grospietro@gruposantander.com / alex.pilkington@gruposantander.com Tel: +44 (0) 7418 709 688 / +44 (0) 7708 315 191 Attention: Liability ManagementINFORMATION AND EXCHANGE AGENTE-mail: panamericanenergy@investor.morrowsodali.comIn Stamford:333 Ludlow Street  South Tower  5th FloorStamford  CT 06902United States of AmericaTelephone: +1 (203) 609 4910 In London:103 Wigmore StreetW1U 1QS  LondonUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 4513 6933About Pan AmericanPan American is a leading integrated energy company with upstream and downstream operations in Argentina  as well as upstream operations in Bolivia and Mexico. We are engaged primarily in the exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas  the refining of crude oil and the distribution and marketing of refined products. We are also engaged in oil and gas services and power generation including renewable energy projects in Argentina and Brazil.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business  financial results  liquidity and capital resources  contingencies and other non-historical statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""seeks "" ""approximately "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks  uncertainties and assumptions. These statements should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this press release and in the Exchange Offer Documents. Neither the Issuer nor Pan American undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by applicable law.Investor RelationsContact: Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch.Av. Leandro N. Alem 1180 (C1001AATBuenos Aires  Argentina(+5411) 4310-4100https://www.pan-energy.com/Contact: Michael TruscelliPhone: +1 203 609 4910Email: panamericanenergy@investor.morrowsodali.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pan-american-energy-sl-argentine-branch-announces-expiration-and-results-of-the-offer-to-exchange-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-5-000-senior-notes-due-2023-for-newly-issued-7-250-senior-notes-due-2025-the-new-notes-301588170.htmlSOURCE Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Pan American Energy', 'Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', '7.250% Senior Notes', 'New Notes', 'S.L.', 'Argentine Branch', 'Expiration', 'Results', 'Offer', 'Exchange', 'Comisión Nacional de Valores', 'Spanish limited liability company', 'Morrow Sodali International LLC', 'five Argentine business days', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'other applicable Argentine laws', 'New York City time', 'Argentine exchange prospectus supplement', 'Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'convertible negotiable obligations', 'state securities laws', 'related Eligibility Letter', 'debt recognition obligation', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'U.S. person', 'outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', 'Pan American Energy', 'General Resolution No.', 'aggregate principal amount', 'frequent issuer prospectus', 'Exchange Offer Memorandum', 'Exchange Offer Documents', 'The New Notes', 'outstanding Existing Notes', 'frequent issuer regime', 'other currencies', 'Argentine Branch', 'S.L.', 'Reg S', 'Regulation S', 'The Issuer', 'equivalent amount', 'exchange agent', 'The CNV', 'BUENOS AIRES', 'E7S78B AA0', '69784D AA6', 'Reg D', 'Accrued Interest', 'Clearstream Banking', 'United States', 'offshore transactions', 'procedural requirements', 'Disposition Nos.', 'public offering', 'Section VIII', 'Title II', 'final documentation', 'press release', 'informational purposes', 'Capitalized terms', 'Expiration Date', 'unconditional guarantee', 'CNV Rules', 'information requirements', 'APN-GE#CNV', 'persons', 'CNV.', 'Argentina', 'PRNewswire', 'CUSIPs', 'ISINs', 'US69784DAA63', 'conditions', 'June', 'full', 'respect', 'meaning', 'July', 'delivery', 'account', 'benefit', 'compliance', 'Story', 'obligaciones', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'emisor', 'Register', 'September', 'March', 'May', 'units', 'value', 'authorization', 'Chapter', 'suplemento', 'prospecto', 'canje', 'Article', 'entirety', 'invitation', 'announcement', 'tender', 'circumstances', 'implication', '5:00']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7819,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pan-american-energy-sl-argentine-branch-announces-expiration-and-results-of-the-offer-to-exchange-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-5-000-senior-notes-due-2023-for-newly-issued-7-250-senior-notes-due-2025-the-new-notes-301588170.html,"Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch Announces Expiration and Results of the Offer to Exchange Any and All of its Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 for newly-issued 7.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the ""New Notes"")","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina  July 18  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American"" and  together with the Issuer  ""we "" ""us"" or ""our"")  …","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina  July 18  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American"" and  together with the Issuer  ""we "" ""us"" or ""our"")  today announced the expiration of its offer to exchange (the ""Exchange Offer"") any and all of its outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ""Existing Notes"") (CUSIPs: E7S78B AA0 (Reg S) / 69784D AA6 (Reg D); ISINs: USE7S78BAA00 (Reg S) / US69784DAA63 (Reg D)) for New Notes  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum (the ""Exchange Offer Memorandum"")  dated June 29  2022  and the related Eligibility Letter (as defined in the Exchange Offer Memorandum) (together  the ""Exchange Offer Documents"")  which had been previously announced on June 29  2022. Pan American will provide a full and unconditional guarantee in the form of a debt recognition obligation (the ""Guarantee"") in respect of the New Notes. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Exchange Offer Documents.Morrow Sodali International LLC  acting as information and exchange agent (the ""Information and Exchange Agent"") for the Exchange Offer  advised us that  as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July 15  2022 (the ""Expiration Date"")  US$105 152 000 aggregate principal amount of the Existing Notes had been validly tendered for exchange  representing 87.63% of the principal amount of the outstanding Existing Notes. The Issuer expects to consummate the Exchange Offer on or about July 21  2022. Accrued Interest on Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange will be paid through The Depository Trust Company and the delivery of New Notes issued in exchange for Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange will be made through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking  S.A.The New Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or any state securities laws. The New Notes are being offered for exchange only outside the United States to persons other than ""U.S. persons"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and who are not acquiring New Notes for the account or benefit of a U.S. person  in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.The New Notes will constitute non-convertible negotiable obligations (obligaciones negociables) under Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law No. 23 576  as amended and supplemented (the ""Negotiable Obligations Law"")  will be entitled to the benefits set forth therein and subject to the procedural requirements established therein  and will be issued and placed in accordance with such law  Law No. 26 831  as amended and supplemented  including Law No. 27 440  as amended and supplemented  General Resolution No. 622/2013 issued by the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the ""CNV"")  as amended and supplemented (the ""CNV Rules"")  and any other applicable Argentine laws and regulations.The Issuer is registered as a frequent issuer (emisor frecuente) with the CNV  under Register No. 12  authorized by Disposition Nos. DI-2020-34-APN-GE of the CNV dated July 3  2020  DI-2020-42-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated September 4  2020  DI-2021-9-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated March 29  2021 and DI-2022-14-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated May 5  2022. The Issuer has registered with the CNV a U.S.$3 000 000 000 (or the equivalent amount in other currencies or units of value) Argentine frequent issuer prospectus dated May 6  2022.The public offering of the New Notes in Argentina is included in the authorization that the CNV granted to the Issuer to issue notes under the CNV's frequent issuer regime provided in General Resolution No. 746/2018 of the CNV and the CNV Rules  in accordance with Section VIII  Chapter V  Title II of the CNV Rules. The CNV's authorization means only that the information requirements of the CNV have been satisfied. Neither the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement (suplemento de prospecto y canje) have been previously reviewed or approved by the CNV. The Issuer will file the final documentation relating to the New Notes with the CNV within five Argentine business days of the Expiration Date  in accordance with Article 74  Section VIII  Title II  Chapter V of the CNV Rules.This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Exchange Offer Documents. This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer. Neither the delivery of this announcement  the Exchange Offer Documents nor any tender or exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offer shall under any circumstances create any implication that the information contained in this announcement or the Exchange Offer Documents is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof or thereof  as applicable  or that there has been no change in the information set forth herein or therein or in the Issuer's affairs since the date hereof or thereof  as applicable.Itau BBA USA Securities  Inc. and Banco Santander  S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer outside of Argentina. Banco Itaú Argentina S.A. and Banco Santander Argentina S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Argentine Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer in Argentina.None of the Issuer  Pan American  the Dealer Managers  the Argentine Dealer Managers  the trustee for the Existing Notes  the trustee for the New Notes or the Information and Exchange Agent makes any recommendation as to whether or not Eligible Holders of Existing Notes should participate in the Exchange Offer.For further information about the terms of the Exchange Offer  please contact the Dealer Managers at their addresses and telephone numbers set forth below. Questions relating to the terms of the Exchange Offer by Eligible Holders in Argentina should be directed to the Argentine Dealer Managers. Questions concerning tender procedures and requests for additional copies of the Exchange Offer Memorandum should be directed to the Information and Exchange Agent at its e-mail address and telephone numbers set forth below or by accessing the Eligibility Letter website ( https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility ).DEALER MANAGERSItau BBA USA Securities  Inc.540 Madison Avenue  24th Floor New York  New York 10022 United States of America Telephone (U.S. Toll Free): +1 (888) 770-4828 Telephone (U.S.): +1 (212) 710-6749 Banco Santander  S.A.Ciudad Grupo Santander Avenida de Cantabria s/n Edificio Encinar  planta baja 28660 Boadilla del Monte Madrid  Spain E-mail: [email protected] / [email protected] Tel: +44 (0) 7418 709 688 / +44 (0) 7708 315 191 Attention: Liability ManagementINFORMATION AND EXCHANGE AGENTE-mail: [email protected]In Stamford:333 Ludlow Street  South Tower  5th FloorStamford  CT 06902United States of AmericaTelephone: +1 (203) 609 4910 In London:103 Wigmore StreetW1U 1QS  LondonUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 4513 6933About Pan AmericanPan American is a leading integrated energy company with upstream and downstream operations in Argentina  as well as upstream operations in Bolivia and Mexico. We are engaged primarily in the exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas  the refining of crude oil and the distribution and marketing of refined products. We are also engaged in oil and gas services and power generation including renewable energy projects in Argentina and Brazil.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business  financial results  liquidity and capital resources  contingencies and other non-historical statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""seeks "" ""approximately "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks  uncertainties and assumptions. These statements should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this press release and in the Exchange Offer Documents. Neither the Issuer nor Pan American undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by applicable law.Investor RelationsContact: Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch.Av. Leandro N. Alem 1180 (C1001AATBuenos Aires  Argentina(+5411) 4310-4100https://www.pan-energy.com/Contact: Michael TruscelliPhone: +1 203 609 4910Email: [email protected]SOURCE Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,True,English,"['Pan American Energy', 'Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', '7.250% Senior Notes', 'New Notes', 'S.L.', 'Argentine Branch', 'Expiration', 'Results', 'Offer', 'Exchange', 'Comisión Nacional de Valores', 'Spanish limited liability company', 'Morrow Sodali International LLC', 'five Argentine business days', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'other applicable Argentine laws', 'New York City time', 'Argentine exchange prospectus supplement', 'Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'convertible negotiable obligations', 'state securities laws', 'related Eligibility Letter', 'debt recognition obligation', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'U.S. person', 'outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', 'Pan American Energy', 'General Resolution No.', 'aggregate principal amount', 'frequent issuer prospectus', 'Exchange Offer Memorandum', 'Exchange Offer Documents', 'outstanding Existing Notes', 'The New Notes', 'frequent issuer regime', 'suplemento de', 'other currencies', 'Argentine Branch', 'S.L.', 'Reg S', 'Regulation S', 'equivalent amount', 'exchange agent', 'BUENOS AIRES', 'E7S78B AA0', '69784D AA6', 'Reg D', 'Accrued Interest', 'Clearstream Banking', 'United States', 'offshore transactions', 'procedural requirements', 'Disposition Nos.', 'public offering', 'final documentation', 'press release', 'informational purposes', 'The CNV', 'Capitalized terms', 'Section VIII', 'Title II', 'Expiration Date', 'unconditional guarantee', 'CNV Rules', 'information requirements', 'APN-GE#CNV', 'persons', 'Argentina', 'PRNewswire', 'CUSIPs', 'ISINs', 'US69784DAA63', 'conditions', 'June', 'full', 'respect', 'meaning', 'July', 'delivery', 'account', 'benefit', 'compliance', 'obligaciones', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'emisor', 'Register', 'September', 'March', 'May', 'units', 'value', 'authorization', 'Chapter', 'prospecto', 'canje', 'Article', 'entirety', 'invitation', 'announcement', 'tender', 'circumstances', 'implication', '5:00']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,prnewswire.com
7820,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/88TzWS7SpsEuroclear is like European version of DTCC (simplifying a bit)@CK113311 @FollowCO @ExtraVOD_ @BabaCugs,nan,https://t.co/88TzWS7SpsEuroclear is like European version of DTCC (simplifying a bit)@CK113311 @FollowCO @ExtraVOD_ @BabaCugs,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['European version', 'TzWS7Sps', 'Euroclear', 'DTCC', 'CK113311', 'FollowCO', 'BabaCugs', 'European version', 'TzWS7Sps', 'Euroclear', 'DTCC', 'CK113311', 'FollowCO', 'BabaCugs']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,Unknown
7828,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pan-american-energy-l-argentine-132900144.html,"Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch Announces Expiration and Results of the Offer to Exchange Any and All of its Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 for newly-issued 7.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the ""New Notes"")","Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American"" and...","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina  July 18  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American"" and  together with the Issuer  ""we "" ""us"" or ""our"")  today announced the expiration of its offer to exchange (the ""Exchange Offer"") any and all of its outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ""Existing Notes"") (CUSIPs: E7S78B AA0 (Reg S) / 69784D AA6 (Reg D); ISINs: USE7S78BAA00 (Reg S) / US69784DAA63 (Reg D)) for New Notes  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum (the ""Exchange Offer Memorandum"")  dated June 29  2022  and the related Eligibility Letter (as defined in the Exchange Offer Memorandum) (together  the ""Exchange Offer Documents"")  which had been previously announced on June 29  2022. Pan American will provide a full and unconditional guarantee in the form of a debt recognition obligation (the ""Guarantee"") in respect of the New Notes. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Exchange Offer Documents.Morrow Sodali International LLC  acting as information and exchange agent (the ""Information and Exchange Agent"") for the Exchange Offer  advised us that  as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July 15  2022 (the ""Expiration Date"")  US$105 152 000 aggregate principal amount of the Existing Notes had been validly tendered for exchange  representing 87.63% of the principal amount of the outstanding Existing Notes. The Issuer expects to consummate the Exchange Offer on or about July 21  2022. Accrued Interest on Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange will be paid through The Depository Trust Company and the delivery of New Notes issued in exchange for Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange will be made through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking  S.A.The New Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or any state securities laws. The New Notes are being offered for exchange only outside the United States to persons other than ""U.S. persons"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and who are not acquiring New Notes for the account or benefit of a U.S. person  in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.Story continuesThe New Notes will constitute non-convertible negotiable obligations (obligaciones negociables) under Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law No. 23 576  as amended and supplemented (the ""Negotiable Obligations Law"")  will be entitled to the benefits set forth therein and subject to the procedural requirements established therein  and will be issued and placed in accordance with such law  Law No. 26 831  as amended and supplemented  including Law No. 27 440  as amended and supplemented  General Resolution No. 622/2013 issued by the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the ""CNV"")  as amended and supplemented (the ""CNV Rules"")  and any other applicable Argentine laws and regulations.The Issuer is registered as a frequent issuer (emisor frecuente) with the CNV  under Register No. 12  authorized by Disposition Nos. DI-2020-34-APN-GE of the CNV dated July 3  2020  DI-2020-42-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated September 4  2020  DI-2021-9-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated March 29  2021 and DI-2022-14-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated May 5  2022. The Issuer has registered with the CNV a U.S.$3 000 000 000 (or the equivalent amount in other currencies or units of value) Argentine frequent issuer prospectus dated May 6  2022.The public offering of the New Notes in Argentina is included in the authorization that the CNV granted to the Issuer to issue notes under the CNV's frequent issuer regime provided in General Resolution No. 746/2018 of the CNV and the CNV Rules  in accordance with Section VIII  Chapter V  Title II of the CNV Rules. The CNV's authorization means only that the information requirements of the CNV have been satisfied. Neither the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement (suplemento de prospecto y canje) have been previously reviewed or approved by the CNV. The Issuer will file the final documentation relating to the New Notes with the CNV within five Argentine business days of the Expiration Date  in accordance with Article 74  Section VIII  Title II  Chapter V of the CNV Rules.This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Exchange Offer Documents. This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer. Neither the delivery of this announcement  the Exchange Offer Documents nor any tender or exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offer shall under any circumstances create any implication that the information contained in this announcement or the Exchange Offer Documents is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof or thereof  as applicable  or that there has been no change in the information set forth herein or therein or in the Issuer's affairs since the date hereof or thereof  as applicable.Itau BBA USA Securities  Inc. and Banco Santander  S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer outside of Argentina. Banco Itaú Argentina S.A. and Banco Santander Argentina S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Argentine Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer in Argentina.None of the Issuer  Pan American  the Dealer Managers  the Argentine Dealer Managers  the trustee for the Existing Notes  the trustee for the New Notes or the Information and Exchange Agent makes any recommendation as to whether or not Eligible Holders of Existing Notes should participate in the Exchange Offer.For further information about the terms of the Exchange Offer  please contact the Dealer Managers at their addresses and telephone numbers set forth below. Questions relating to the terms of the Exchange Offer by Eligible Holders in Argentina should be directed to the Argentine Dealer Managers. Questions concerning tender procedures and requests for additional copies of the Exchange Offer Memorandum should be directed to the Information and Exchange Agent at its e-mail address and telephone numbers set forth below or by accessing the Eligibility Letter website ( https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility ).DEALER MANAGERSItau BBA USA Securities  Inc.540 Madison Avenue  24th Floor New York  New York 10022 United States of America Telephone (U.S. Toll Free): +1 (888) 770-4828 Telephone (U.S.): +1 (212) 710-6749 Banco Santander  S.A.Ciudad Grupo Santander Avenida de Cantabria s/n Edificio Encinar  planta baja 28660 Boadilla del Monte Madrid  Spain E-mail: tommaso.grospietro@gruposantander.com / alex.pilkington@gruposantander.com Tel: +44 (0) 7418 709 688 / +44 (0) 7708 315 191 Attention: Liability ManagementINFORMATION AND EXCHANGE AGENTE-mail: panamericanenergy@investor.morrowsodali.comIn Stamford:333 Ludlow Street  South Tower  5th FloorStamford  CT 06902United States of AmericaTelephone: +1 (203) 609 4910 In London:103 Wigmore StreetW1U 1QS  LondonUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 4513 6933About Pan AmericanPan American is a leading integrated energy company with upstream and downstream operations in Argentina  as well as upstream operations in Bolivia and Mexico. We are engaged primarily in the exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas  the refining of crude oil and the distribution and marketing of refined products. We are also engaged in oil and gas services and power generation including renewable energy projects in Argentina and Brazil.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business  financial results  liquidity and capital resources  contingencies and other non-historical statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""seeks "" ""approximately "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks  uncertainties and assumptions. These statements should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this press release and in the Exchange Offer Documents. Neither the Issuer nor Pan American undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by applicable law.Investor RelationsContact: Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch.Av. Leandro N. Alem 1180 (C1001AATBuenos Aires  Argentina(+5411) 4310-4100https://www.pan-energy.com/Contact: Michael TruscelliPhone: +1 203 609 4910Email: panamericanenergy@investor.morrowsodali.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pan-american-energy-sl-argentine-branch-announces-expiration-and-results-of-the-offer-to-exchange-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-5-000-senior-notes-due-2023-for-newly-issued-7-250-senior-notes-due-2025-the-new-notes-301588170.htmlSOURCE Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Pan American Energy', 'Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', '7.250% Senior Notes', 'New Notes', 'S.L.', 'Argentine Branch', 'Expiration', 'Results', 'Offer', 'Exchange', 'Comisión Nacional de Valores', 'Spanish limited liability company', 'Morrow Sodali International LLC', 'five Argentine business days', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'other applicable Argentine laws', 'New York City time', 'Argentine exchange prospectus supplement', 'Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'convertible negotiable obligations', 'state securities laws', 'related Eligibility Letter', 'debt recognition obligation', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'U.S. person', 'outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', 'Pan American Energy', 'General Resolution No.', 'aggregate principal amount', 'frequent issuer prospectus', 'Exchange Offer Memorandum', 'Exchange Offer Documents', 'The New Notes', 'outstanding Existing Notes', 'frequent issuer regime', 'other currencies', 'Argentine Branch', 'S.L.', 'Reg S', 'Regulation S', 'The Issuer', 'equivalent amount', 'exchange agent', 'The CNV', 'BUENOS AIRES', 'E7S78B AA0', '69784D AA6', 'Reg D', 'Accrued Interest', 'Clearstream Banking', 'United States', 'offshore transactions', 'procedural requirements', 'Disposition Nos.', 'public offering', 'Section VIII', 'Title II', 'final documentation', 'press release', 'informational purposes', 'Capitalized terms', 'Expiration Date', 'unconditional guarantee', 'CNV Rules', 'information requirements', 'APN-GE#CNV', 'persons', 'CNV.', 'Argentina', 'PRNewswire', 'CUSIPs', 'ISINs', 'US69784DAA63', 'conditions', 'June', 'full', 'respect', 'meaning', 'July', 'delivery', 'account', 'benefit', 'compliance', 'Story', 'obligaciones', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'emisor', 'Register', 'September', 'March', 'May', 'units', 'value', 'authorization', 'Chapter', 'suplemento', 'prospecto', 'canje', 'Article', 'entirety', 'invitation', 'announcement', 'tender', 'circumstances', 'implication', '5:00']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7829,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pan-american-energy-sl-argentine-branch-announces-expiration-and-results-of-the-offer-to-exchange-any-and-all-of-its-outstanding-5-000-senior-notes-due-2023-for-newly-issued-7-250-senior-notes-due-2025-the-new-notes-301588170.html,"Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch Announces Expiration and Results of the Offer to Exchange Any and All of its Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 for newly-issued 7.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the ""New Notes"")","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina  July 18  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American"" and  together with the Issuer  ""we "" ""us"" or ""our"")  …","BUENOS AIRES  Argentina  July 18  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch (the ""Issuer"")  a branch of Pan American Energy  S.L.  a Spanish limited liability company (""Pan American"" and  together with the Issuer  ""we "" ""us"" or ""our"")  today announced the expiration of its offer to exchange (the ""Exchange Offer"") any and all of its outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ""Existing Notes"") (CUSIPs: E7S78B AA0 (Reg S) / 69784D AA6 (Reg D); ISINs: USE7S78BAA00 (Reg S) / US69784DAA63 (Reg D)) for New Notes  upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Exchange Offer Memorandum (the ""Exchange Offer Memorandum"")  dated June 29  2022  and the related Eligibility Letter (as defined in the Exchange Offer Memorandum) (together  the ""Exchange Offer Documents"")  which had been previously announced on June 29  2022. Pan American will provide a full and unconditional guarantee in the form of a debt recognition obligation (the ""Guarantee"") in respect of the New Notes. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Exchange Offer Documents.Morrow Sodali International LLC  acting as information and exchange agent (the ""Information and Exchange Agent"") for the Exchange Offer  advised us that  as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July 15  2022 (the ""Expiration Date"")  US$105 152 000 aggregate principal amount of the Existing Notes had been validly tendered for exchange  representing 87.63% of the principal amount of the outstanding Existing Notes. The Issuer expects to consummate the Exchange Offer on or about July 21  2022. Accrued Interest on Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange will be paid through The Depository Trust Company and the delivery of New Notes issued in exchange for Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange will be made through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking  S.A.The New Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or any state securities laws. The New Notes are being offered for exchange only outside the United States to persons other than ""U.S. persons"" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and who are not acquiring New Notes for the account or benefit of a U.S. person  in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.The New Notes will constitute non-convertible negotiable obligations (obligaciones negociables) under Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law No. 23 576  as amended and supplemented (the ""Negotiable Obligations Law"")  will be entitled to the benefits set forth therein and subject to the procedural requirements established therein  and will be issued and placed in accordance with such law  Law No. 26 831  as amended and supplemented  including Law No. 27 440  as amended and supplemented  General Resolution No. 622/2013 issued by the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the ""CNV"")  as amended and supplemented (the ""CNV Rules"")  and any other applicable Argentine laws and regulations.The Issuer is registered as a frequent issuer (emisor frecuente) with the CNV  under Register No. 12  authorized by Disposition Nos. DI-2020-34-APN-GE of the CNV dated July 3  2020  DI-2020-42-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated September 4  2020  DI-2021-9-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated March 29  2021 and DI-2022-14-APN-GE#CNV of the CNV dated May 5  2022. The Issuer has registered with the CNV a U.S.$3 000 000 000 (or the equivalent amount in other currencies or units of value) Argentine frequent issuer prospectus dated May 6  2022.The public offering of the New Notes in Argentina is included in the authorization that the CNV granted to the Issuer to issue notes under the CNV's frequent issuer regime provided in General Resolution No. 746/2018 of the CNV and the CNV Rules  in accordance with Section VIII  Chapter V  Title II of the CNV Rules. The CNV's authorization means only that the information requirements of the CNV have been satisfied. Neither the Exchange Offer Memorandum nor the Argentine exchange prospectus supplement (suplemento de prospecto y canje) have been previously reviewed or approved by the CNV. The Issuer will file the final documentation relating to the New Notes with the CNV within five Argentine business days of the Expiration Date  in accordance with Article 74  Section VIII  Title II  Chapter V of the CNV Rules.This press release is qualified in its entirety by the Exchange Offer Documents. This press release is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or an invitation to participate in the Exchange Offer. Neither the delivery of this announcement  the Exchange Offer Documents nor any tender or exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offer shall under any circumstances create any implication that the information contained in this announcement or the Exchange Offer Documents is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof or thereof  as applicable  or that there has been no change in the information set forth herein or therein or in the Issuer's affairs since the date hereof or thereof  as applicable.Itau BBA USA Securities  Inc. and Banco Santander  S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer outside of Argentina. Banco Itaú Argentina S.A. and Banco Santander Argentina S.A. are acting as dealer managers (the ""Argentine Dealer Managers"") for the Exchange Offer in Argentina.None of the Issuer  Pan American  the Dealer Managers  the Argentine Dealer Managers  the trustee for the Existing Notes  the trustee for the New Notes or the Information and Exchange Agent makes any recommendation as to whether or not Eligible Holders of Existing Notes should participate in the Exchange Offer.For further information about the terms of the Exchange Offer  please contact the Dealer Managers at their addresses and telephone numbers set forth below. Questions relating to the terms of the Exchange Offer by Eligible Holders in Argentina should be directed to the Argentine Dealer Managers. Questions concerning tender procedures and requests for additional copies of the Exchange Offer Memorandum should be directed to the Information and Exchange Agent at its e-mail address and telephone numbers set forth below or by accessing the Eligibility Letter website ( https://projects.morrowsodali.com/PanamericanenergyEligibility ).DEALER MANAGERSItau BBA USA Securities  Inc.540 Madison Avenue  24th Floor New York  New York 10022 United States of America Telephone (U.S. Toll Free): +1 (888) 770-4828 Telephone (U.S.): +1 (212) 710-6749 Banco Santander  S.A.Ciudad Grupo Santander Avenida de Cantabria s/n Edificio Encinar  planta baja 28660 Boadilla del Monte Madrid  Spain E-mail: [email protected] / [email protected] Tel: +44 (0) 7418 709 688 / +44 (0) 7708 315 191 Attention: Liability ManagementINFORMATION AND EXCHANGE AGENTE-mail: [email protected]In Stamford:333 Ludlow Street  South Tower  5th FloorStamford  CT 06902United States of AmericaTelephone: +1 (203) 609 4910 In London:103 Wigmore StreetW1U 1QS  LondonUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 4513 6933About Pan AmericanPan American is a leading integrated energy company with upstream and downstream operations in Argentina  as well as upstream operations in Bolivia and Mexico. We are engaged primarily in the exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas  the refining of crude oil and the distribution and marketing of refined products. We are also engaged in oil and gas services and power generation including renewable energy projects in Argentina and Brazil.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business  financial results  liquidity and capital resources  contingencies and other non-historical statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""seeks "" ""approximately "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks  uncertainties and assumptions. These statements should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this press release and in the Exchange Offer Documents. Neither the Issuer nor Pan American undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by applicable law.Investor RelationsContact: Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch.Av. Leandro N. Alem 1180 (C1001AATBuenos Aires  Argentina(+5411) 4310-4100https://www.pan-energy.com/Contact: Michael TruscelliPhone: +1 203 609 4910Email: [email protected]SOURCE Pan American Energy  S.L.  Argentine Branch",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,True,English,"['Pan American Energy', 'Outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', '7.250% Senior Notes', 'New Notes', 'S.L.', 'Argentine Branch', 'Expiration', 'Results', 'Offer', 'Exchange', 'Comisión Nacional de Valores', 'Spanish limited liability company', 'Morrow Sodali International LLC', 'five Argentine business days', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'other applicable Argentine laws', 'New York City time', 'Argentine exchange prospectus supplement', 'Argentine Negotiable Obligations Law', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'convertible negotiable obligations', 'state securities laws', 'related Eligibility Letter', 'debt recognition obligation', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'U.S. person', 'outstanding 5.000% Senior Notes', 'Pan American Energy', 'General Resolution No.', 'aggregate principal amount', 'frequent issuer prospectus', 'Exchange Offer Memorandum', 'Exchange Offer Documents', 'outstanding Existing Notes', 'The New Notes', 'frequent issuer regime', 'suplemento de', 'other currencies', 'Argentine Branch', 'S.L.', 'Reg S', 'Regulation S', 'equivalent amount', 'exchange agent', 'BUENOS AIRES', 'E7S78B AA0', '69784D AA6', 'Reg D', 'Accrued Interest', 'Clearstream Banking', 'United States', 'offshore transactions', 'procedural requirements', 'Disposition Nos.', 'public offering', 'final documentation', 'press release', 'informational purposes', 'The CNV', 'Capitalized terms', 'Section VIII', 'Title II', 'Expiration Date', 'unconditional guarantee', 'CNV Rules', 'information requirements', 'APN-GE#CNV', 'persons', 'Argentina', 'PRNewswire', 'CUSIPs', 'ISINs', 'US69784DAA63', 'conditions', 'June', 'full', 'respect', 'meaning', 'July', 'delivery', 'account', 'benefit', 'compliance', 'obligaciones', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'emisor', 'Register', 'September', 'March', 'May', 'units', 'value', 'authorization', 'Chapter', 'prospecto', 'canje', 'Article', 'entirety', 'invitation', 'announcement', 'tender', 'circumstances', 'implication', '5:00']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,prnewswire.com
7832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/establishment-dedicated-corporate-venture-capital-053000938.html,ESTABLISHMENT OF DEDICATED CORPORATE VENTURE CAPITAL UNIT,ESTABLISHMENT OF DEDICATED CORPORATE VENTURE CAPITAL UNIT Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders N.V. (Euronext: FLOW) announces the creation of Flow...,Flow Traders NVESTABLISHMENT OF DEDICATED CORPORATE VENTURE CAPITAL UNITAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders N.V. (Euronext: FLOW) announces the creation of Flow Traders Capital  a dedicated corporate venture capital unit  with an initial commitment of €50 million to actively invest in the development of financial markets infrastructure and the digital asset space.The primary focus of Flow Traders Capital is to invest in innovative ventures that accelerate growth  create greater transparency in financial markets and enable financial ecosystem scalability. Flow Traders Capital will make direct investments  across all geographies  with an emphasis on three key themes: platform  data  and connectivity.To support portfolio investments  Flow Traders Capital will offer a combination of funding and a dedicated team with expertise in product design  product development  capital market and go-to-market strategies as well as trading insights. Portfolio investments will also be able to access Flow Traders’ network of partners and resources  as well as leveraging the expertise within the existing Flow Traders Capital portfolio community.In addition to the potential to generate investment returns  by deploying this unique capability set  Flow Traders will expand its involvement in emerging technologies  identify market trends and explore new business opportunities that create long-term strategic value.Flow Traders’ current investment portfolio already includes leading digital asset ventures such as Elwood  Tonic  bloXroute  Ondo  AllianceDAO and D2X. Additionally  the ongoing strategic investments in MEMX  RFQ-Hub  LedgerEdge  ShapeQ and the Pyth Network will also be managed as part of the Flow Traders Capital portfolio moving forward.Dennis Dijkstra  CEO of Flow Traders commented: “Creating Flow Traders Capital is a natural and logical next step for Flow Traders given our core capabilities as well as our leading position within the global financial markets. By investing both Flow Traders’ financial capital and intellectual capabilities  it provides us with a unique platform to gain valuable exposure to emerging ecosystems  innovative technologies and to create synergies with our existing business. We have already seen a positive financial return on one of our initial investments in ErisX  which is a further proof point of the value Flow Traders brings to ventures that are shaping future financial markets.”Story continuesContact DetailsFlow Traders N.V.InvestorsJonathan BergerPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products  historically specialized in Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  now expanding into other asset classes. Flow Traders ensures the provision of liquidity to support the uninterrupted functioning of financial markets. This allows investors to continue to buy or sell ETPs or other financial instruments under all market circumstances. We continuously grow our organization  ensuring that our trading desks in Europe  the Americas and Asia can provide liquidity across all major exchanges  globally  24 hours a day. Founded in 2004  we continue to cultivate the entrepreneurial  innovative and team-oriented culture that has been with us since the beginning. Please visit www.flowtraders.com for more information.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders N.V. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders N.V. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.27,0.52,True,English,"['DEDICATED CORPORATE VENTURE CAPITAL UNIT', 'ESTABLISHMENT', 'leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider', 'existing Flow Traders Capital portfolio community', 'DEDICATED CORPORATE VENTURE CAPITAL UNIT', 'Flow Traders N.V.', 'leading digital asset ventures', 'Flow Traders’ financial capital', 'global financial markets', 'digital asset space', 'other asset classes', 'three key themes', 'long-term strategic value', 'logical next step', 'prior written permission', 'financial ecosystem scalability', 'positive financial return', 'Flow Traders NV', 'value Flow Traders', 'financial markets infrastructure', 'new business opportunities', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'other financial instruments', 'Flow Traders’ network', 'ongoing strategic investments', 'current investment portfolio', 'Forward looking statements', 'future financial markets', 'intellectual property rights', 'Important Legal Information', 'existing business', 'dedicated team', 'leading position', 'portfolio investments', 'capital market', 'financial products', 'Pyth Network', 'intellectual capabilities', 'current expectations', 'innovative ventures', 'future events', 'future performance', 'legal, tax', 'legal agreement', 'legal obligation', 'direct investments', 'investment returns', 'initial investments', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'investment advice', 'initial commitment', 'primary focus', 'greater transparency', 'product design', 'trading insights', 'unique capability', 'emerging technologies', 'Dennis Dijkstra', 'core capabilities', 'valuable exposure', 'emerging ecosystems', 'innovative technologies', 'proof point', 'Contact Details', 'Jonathan Berger', 'Laura Peijs', 'uninterrupted functioning', 'trading desks', 'major exchanges', 'entrepreneurial, innovative', 'team-oriented culture', 'press release', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'forward-looking statements', 'market strategies', 'market circumstances', 'product development', 'unique platform', 'information purposes', 'investor marketing', 'ESTABLISHMENT', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'creation', 'growth', 'geographies', 'emphasis', 'data', 'connectivity', 'combination', 'funding', 'expertise', 'partners', 'resources', 'addition', 'potential', 'involvement', 'trends', 'Elwood', 'Tonic', 'bloXroute', 'Ondo', 'AllianceDAO', 'D2X', 'MEMX', 'RFQ-Hub', 'LedgerEdge', 'ShapeQ', 'CEO', 'natural', 'synergies', 'ErisX', 'Story', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Email', 'relations', 'flowtraders', 'Media', 'ETPs', 'provision', 'organization', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'beginning', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'projections', 'guarantees']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-management-ownership-increases-050000902.html,VEON Management ownership increases,VEON Management ownership increases Amsterdam  18 July 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides...,VEON Ltd.VEON Management ownership increasesAmsterdam  18 July 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and services  announces the completion of further management share transfers as part of the Group’s incentive program announced in February 2022.Further to our press release on 28 February 2022  today we can confirm the completion of share transfers to three additional Group Executive Committee (“GEC”) members. The shares were awarded as part of VEON’s Deferred Share Plan. This award follows the completion of share transfers to the Group CEO and Group CFO announced on 11 July 2022.DEFERRED SHARE PLAN Shares Michael Schulz 145 715 Joop Brakenhoff 92 572 Alex Bolis 64 286As previously communicated  GEC members will over time accrue and then maintain a minimum level of VEON shares. This will be equivalent to 6.0x the annual base salary for the Group CEO and 2.0x annual base salary for other GEC members. Following this transaction  the total number of ADR/ORDs held by Michael Schulz is 145 715  by Joop Brakenhoff is 92 572 and by Alex Bolis is 64 286.DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance  strategic and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Story continuesAbout VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and internet services. For more information visit: www.veon.comContact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.29,0.28,0.43,True,English,"['VEON Management', 'ownership', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'three additional Group Executive Committee', 'U.S. Securities Act', '2.0x annual base salary', 'DEFERRED SHARE PLAN Shares', 'global digital operator', 'management share transfers', 'other GEC members', 'GEC”) members', 'other things', 'global provider', 'Group CEO', 'Group CFO', 'management plans', 'incentive program', 'Michael Schulz', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'Alex Bolis', 'minimum level', 'total number', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'forward-looking statement', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'VEON Management', 'VEON shares', 'converged connectivity', 'press release', 'unanticipated events', 'internet services', 'Contact Information', 'VEON Ltd', 'statements', 'ownership', 'NASDAQ', 'completion', 'part', 'February', 'award', '11 July', 'time', 'transaction', 'ADR/ORDs', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'strategic', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'Story']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-announces-agreement-acquire-lpe-060000928.html,ASM ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE LPE  ENTERING HIGH-GROWTH SILICON CARBIDE EPITAXY EQUIPMENT BUSINESS,Almere  The NetherlandsJuly 18  2022  8.00 a.m. CET ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that it reached an agreement under which...,ASM International NVAlmere  The NetherlandsJuly 18  2022  8.00 a.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced that it reached an agreement under which ASM will acquire all outstanding shares of LPE S.p.A.  a manufacturer of epitaxial reactors for silicon carbide (SiC) and silicon  based in Italy.Founded in 1972  LPE has exclusively focused on designing  manufacturing and selling advanced epitaxy tools for power applications. LPE is a recognized leader in SiC epitaxy and has published many patents to date. LPE has a sizeable worldwide installed base of SiC epitaxy tools dedicated to manufacturing devices that address the rapidly growing electric vehicle market. Revenue expectations for LPE in 2023 are greater than €100 million  mainly driven by its SiC epitaxy equipment business.Silicon carbide devices are experiencing strong growth driven by the rapidly expanding market for electric vehicles. The global auto industry is investing significantly in chips made from silicon carbide. Because of its wide bandgap  SiC is highly efficient at high voltages offering higher power efficiency  increased power density resulting in reduced component weight and size  as well as faster battery charging times. Consequently  demand for SiC epitaxy equipment is forecasted (based on ASM internal estimates) to grow at a CAGR in excess of 25% from 2021 to 2025.“LPE with its strong culture of innovation and traction with silicon carbide device makers  both for 150mm and 200mm substrates  is well positioned to serve the needs of global automotive customers and their decarbonization drive ” said Benjamin Loh  President and CEO of ASM.“Next to ASM’s expanding position in advanced Epi applications for the logic/foundry and memory markets  ASM is also a leader in silicon epitaxy solutions for the power electronics  analog and wafer markets. LPE’s offering of advanced SiC epitaxy tools complements ASM’s offering. I’m confident that the combination of LPE and ASM will help our customers accelerate their roadmaps towards next-generation more efficient power electronics  which will enable the further electrification of the automotive industry. The acquisition of LPE adds another high-growth business to our portfolio of differentiated deposition technologies and presents meaningful opportunities to create value by leveraging our innovative epitaxy technologies to further differentiate the product offering of LPE  by building upon our significant customer base in the power electronics market segment  and by utilizing our global field service network to address customer needs.”Story continuesFranco Preti  CEO of LPE  said: “We believe the acquisition by ASM will be attractive for LPE’s and ASM’s customers as well as for employees. The acquisition will additionally enable LPE to gain access to world-class R&D resources  as well as leverage on ASM’s global operations  sales and customer support network.”Following the close of the transaction  LPE will operate as a product unit under ASM’s Global Products organization. LPE will continue to be based in Italy  with technology and manufacturing centers in Milan and Catania. LPE is profitable and is expected to contribute to net earnings immediately after closing.The transaction is subject to FDI and anti-trust approval in a limited number of countries and other customary closing conditions which are expected to be met by the long stop date of November 10  2022. Absent a closing by this date  the parties will discuss in good faith on an exclusive basis for a period of six months with the aim to still close the transaction.ASM will finance the transaction using a combination of cash and shares. At closing the purchase price will be paid with €283.25 million in cash  and with 631 154 ASM shares. At the date of signing  the payment represents an enterprise value of €425 million on a cash and debt free basis. An additional amount of up to €100 million will be paid by way of an earn out based on certain performance metrics over a two-year period after the closing of the transaction. The shares will be a combination of treasury shares (580 000) and a limited number of newly issued ASM shares (51 154). The earn outs are to be paid out exclusively in cash. The cash amounts will be financed from ASM’s net cash balance.ASM will further discuss the acquisition in its upcoming Q2 2022 earnings call on July 21  2022.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.comCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.4,0.31,True,English,"['HIGH-GROWTH SILICON CARBIDE EPITAXY EQUIPMENT BUSINESS', 'ASM ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT', 'LPE', 'faster battery charging times', 'world-class R&D resources', 'sizeable worldwide installed base', 'upcoming Q2 2022 earnings call', 'global field service network', 'growing electric vehicle market', 'other customary closing conditions', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'silicon carbide device makers', 'power electronics market segment', 'ASM International N.V.', 'advanced SiC epitaxy tools', 'LPE S.p.A.', 'SiC epitaxy equipment business', 'advanced epitaxy tools', 'common stock trades', 'significant customer base', 'customer support network', 'innovative epitaxy technologies', 'differentiated deposition technologies', 'Global Products organization', 'advanced Epi applications', 'higher power efficiency', 'efficient power electronics', 'global auto industry', 'silicon epitaxy solutions', 'ASM International NV', 'ASM internal estimates', 'long stop date', 'Silicon carbide devices', 'global automotive customers', 'net cash balance', 'net earnings', 'expanding market', 'power applications', 'electric vehicles', 'automotive industry', 'high-growth business', 'global operations', 'power density', 'process solutions', 'customer needs', 'epitaxial reactors', 'many patents', 'Revenue expectations', 'strong growth', 'wide bandgap', 'high voltages', 'component weight', 'strong culture', '200mm substrates', 'decarbonization drive', 'Benjamin Loh', 'expanding position', 'memory markets', 'wafer markets', 'meaningful opportunities', 'Franco Preti', 'product unit', 'anti-trust approval', 'limited number', 'good faith', 'exclusive basis', 'six months', 'purchase price', 'free basis', 'additional amount', 'performance metrics', 'earn outs', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'outstanding shares', 'treasury shares', 'The Netherlands', 'enterprise value', 'two-year period', 'cash amounts', 'product offering', 'manufacturing centers', '631,154 ASM shares', '8.00 a', 'Almere', 'CET', 'agreement', 'manufacturer', 'Italy', 'designing', 'leader', 'chips', 'reduced', 'demand', 'CAGR', 'excess', 'innovation', 'traction', '150mm', 'President', 'CEO', 'logic/foundry', 'analog', 'combination', 'roadmaps', 'next-generation', 'further', 'electrification', 'acquisition', 'portfolio', 'Story', 'employees', 'access', 'leverage', 'sales', 'close', 'transaction', 'technology', 'Milan', 'Catania', 'FDI', 'countries', 'November', 'parties', 'aim', 'payment', 'debt', 'way', 'July', 'subsidiaries', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'matters', 'risks', 'uncertainties']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/validation-mcphy-electrolyzer-gigafactory-project-053000613.html,Validation of the McPhy electrolyzer Gigafactory project by the European Commission under the framework of the Hydrogen IPCEI program,Grenoble  France  July 18  2022  7:30 am CEST - McPhy (Euronext Paris Compartment B: MCPHY  FR0011742329)  specialized in zero-carbon hydrogen production and...,"MCPHY ENERGY SAGrenoble  France  July 18  2022  7:30 am CEST - McPhy (Euronext Paris Compartment B: MCPHY  FR0011742329)  specialized in zero-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  announces that its electrolyzer Gigafactory project has been approved by the European Commission as one of the projects submitted by France under the Hydrogen IPCEI1.https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/ip_22_4544McPhy's Gigafactory project aims to develop new generation electrolyzers and to deploy their industrial production in series.The Belfort site has been pre-selected by McPhy for the implementation of this Gigafactory.With this project  McPhy is targeting 3 objectives:Innovation  through the development of new generation alkaline electrolyzers  in terms of size  components and integration within platforms;Industrialization of large-scale production to meet the needs of the European market  in particular  to contribute to the decarbonization of industry  mobility and energy;Collaboration with numerous partners of the Hydrogen ecosystem in Europe and dissemination of knowledge with academic  industrial and research stakeholders.The final investment decision will be taken by McPhy shortly after final confirmation by the French authorities of the amount of public aid and the contractualisation of the terms of the provision of this aid with Bpifrance.About McPhy EnergySpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of zero-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).Story continuesTo learn more: www.mcphy.comMcPhy is eligible PEA-PMECONTACTSNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euMedia RelationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Gaëlle FromaigeatT.+33 (0)1 44 71 98 52mcphy@newcap.eu1 IPCEI (""Important Project of Common European Interest"") is a financing system that supports projects deemed essential for Europe's competitiveness  authorizing Member States to finance initiatives beyond the limits usually set by European regulations. IPCEI Hydrogen was launched on December 17  2020.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['McPhy electrolyzer Gigafactory project', 'Hydrogen IPCEI program', 'European Commission', 'Validation', 'framework', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'industrial raw material supply', 'new generation alkaline electrolyzers', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'new generation electrolyzers', 'The Belfort site', 'broad commercial coverage', 'Gaëlle Fromaigeat', 'final investment decision', 'Common European Interest', 'innovative hydrogen solutions', 'electrolyzer Gigafactory project', 'zero-carbon hydrogen production', 'MCPHY ENERGY SA', 'final confirmation', 'turnkey solutions', 'industrial production', 'European market', 'Hydrogen ecosystem', 'hydrogen equipment', 'European regulations', 'large-scale production', 'production centers', 'distribution equipment', 'refueling stations', 'numerous partners', 'research stakeholders', 'French authorities', 'global deployment', 'energy transition', 'complete range', 'energy sectors', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'international subsidiaries', 'ISIN code', 'Investor Relations', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Media Relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'Important Project', 'financing system', 'Member States', 'Hydrogen IPCEI', 'IPCEI Hydrogen', 'European Commission', 'industrial, mobility', 'public aid', 'three development', '1 IPCEI', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'CEST', 'projects', 'presscorner', 'series', 'implementation', '3 objectives', 'Innovation', 'terms', 'size', 'components', 'integration', 'platforms', 'Industrialization', 'needs', 'decarbonization', 'industry', 'Collaboration', 'dissemination', 'knowledge', 'amount', 'contractualisation', 'provision', 'products', 'customers', 'applications', 'recharging', 'storage', 'recovery', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'integrator', 'engineering', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Story', 'PEA-PME', 'CONTACTS', 'NewCap', 'T.', 'competitiveness', 'initiatives', 'limits', 'December', 'Attachment', '7:30']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/93408/worldline-scores-deal-with-retailer-morrisons,Worldline scores deal with retailer Morrisons,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces it has renewed and strengthened its partnership with retailer Morrisons  through a new PIN Pad offering - Lane/3000.,Source: WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces it has renewed and strengthened its partnership with retailer Morrisons  through a new PIN Pad offering - Lane/3000.Morrisons joins a growing list of Worldline customers in the UK adopting the Lane/3000 PIN Pad as a core part of its in-store payment system. The Worldline Lane/3000 PIN Pad will help Morrisons manage the millions of multi-lane  self-check and restaurant transactions that are processed each day  enabling consumers to pay faster at the tills and reduce overall waiting times.Worldline has proudly been supplying the PIN Pad interface between Morrisons and its card holding customers since the introduction of PIN verification. Ensuring reliability and a great customer experience  the L/3000 PIN Pads are fully compliant with the latest PCI regulations  guaranteeing maximum security to all encrypted debit/credit card transactions. The deployment of the new Worldline Lane/3000 PIN Pad commenced in Morrisons’ stores in September 2021.Morrisons processes millions of encrypted card transactions each day and has invested in the latest Lane/3000 PIN Pad technology  which possesses faster transaction speeds  to ensure customers enjoy a swift  secure and frictionless checkout experience for years to come.This announcement further strengthens Worldline’s strategic partnership with one of the largest retail chains in the UK. This highly successful relationship has benefited both parties involved  as well as crucially  customers for the past ten years.Lee Jones  Managing Director Northern Europe  Merchant Services at Worldline  said: “Morrisons is a much-loved household name across the UK  and we are delighted to announce the extension of our partnership which will ensure speedy and reliable payments for all Morrisons customers. We are very excited to see the new Lane/3000 being rolled-out across stores  enabling Morrisons and its customers to benefit from a fast  seamless and secure solution.”Kate Lavery  Technology Director - Customer & Colleague at Morrisons  said: “We are delighted to be extending our longstanding and valued partnership with Worldline. The Lane/3000 peds provide a secure offering for us and an enhanced customer experience across the retail business.”,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['Worldline scores', 'retailer Morrisons', 'latest Lane/3000 PIN Pad technology', 'The Worldline Lane/3000 PIN Pad', 'new Worldline Lane/3000 PIN Pad', 'new PIN Pad offering', 'encrypted debit/credit card transactions', 'PIN Pad interface', 'The Lane/3000 peds', 'latest PCI regulations', 'encrypted card transactions', 'L/3000 PIN Pads', 'overall waiting times', 'faster transaction speeds', 'frictionless checkout experience', 'store payment system', 'largest retail chains', 'card holding customers', 'past ten years', 'great customer experience', 'new Lane/3000', 'PIN verification', 'Technology Director', 'restaurant transactions', 'secure offering', 'payment services', 'retail business', 'global leader', 'growing list', 'core part', 'multi-lane, self-check', 'maximum security', 'swift, secure', 'successful relationship', 'Lee Jones', 'Managing Director', 'Northern Europe', 'Merchant Services', 'household name', 'reliable payments', 'fast, seamless', 'secure solution', 'Kate Lavery', 'Worldline customers', 'strategic partnership', 'valued partnership', 'retailer Morrisons', 'Morrisons customers', 'Morrisons’ stores', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'UK', 'millions', 'consumers', 'tills', 'introduction', 'reliability', 'deployment', 'September', 'announcement', 'parties', 'extension', 'speedy', 'Colleague', 'longstanding', 'enhanced']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finextra.com
7837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cgg-announces-q2-financial-results-053000495.html,CGG Announces its Q2 Financial Results on Thursday July 28th 2022 after Markets Close,PARIS  France – July 18th  2022 Second quarter 2022 financial results and conference call CGG will announce its second quarter 2022 financial results and...,CGGPARIS  France – July 18th  2022Second quarter 2022 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its second quarter 2022 financial results and host a question & answer session on Thursday July 28th  2022 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET)An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET)Please note that we have switched to a new service provider for conference calls.Participants should from now on register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Q2 Financial Results', 'Thursday July', 'CGG', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'second quarter 2022 financial results', 'new service provider', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Thursday July 28th', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'conference calls', 'July 18th', 'answer session', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'data science', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG', 'France', 'question', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'register', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,300 people', 'ISIN', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-implements-asset-light-approach-060100367.html,Stellantis Implements Asset-light Approach to Grow Jeep® Brand in China and Negotiates Termination of Local Joint Venture with GAC Group,Stellantis Implements Asset-light Approach to Grow Jeep® Brand in China and Negotiates Termination of Local Joint Venture with GAC Group Stellantis will...,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Implements Asset-light Approach to Grow Jeep ® Brand in China and Negotiates Termination of Local Joint Venture with GAC GroupStellantis will focus on supporting Jeep ® customers in China via electrified line -up of imported Jeep vehicles and experienced Chinese dealersL ack of progress in the previously announced plan for Stellantis to take a majority share in their joint venture led GAC Group and Stellantis to initiate discussions to terminate the j oint v enture that produces and distributes Jeep products in ChinaStellantis and GAC will proceed to an orderly termination of local Jeep production  while Stellantis will recognize a non-cash impairment charge of approximately €297 million in first half 2022 resultsAMSTERDAM  July 18  2022 - Due to a lack of progress in the previously announced plan for Stellantis to take a majority share of the GAC-Stellantis joint venture  Stellantis N.V . today announced its plan to focus on distributing imported vehicles for the Jeep ® brand in China to leverage the potential of the brand and its iconic products through an asset-light approach.Stellantis intends to cooperate with GAC Group in an orderly termination of the joint venture formed in March 2010  which has been loss-making in recent years  and will recognize a non-cash impairment charge of approximately €297 million in its first half 2022 results.The Jeep brand will continue to strengthen its product offering in China with an enhanced electrified line-up of imported vehicles meant to exceed Chinese customer expectations.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.Story continues@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão Chao WANG - chao.wang1@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.15,0.21,0.63,True,English,"['Local Joint Venture', 'Asset-light Approach', 'Jeep® Brand', 'GAC Group', 'Stellantis', 'China', 'Termination', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Fernão Chao WANG', 'j oint v enture', 'experienced Chinese dealers', 'cash impairment charge', 'first half 2022 results', 'Chinese customer expectations', 'electrified line -up', 'local Jeep production', 'Local Joint Venture', 'GAC-Stellantis joint venture', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'The Jeep brand', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'electrified line-up', 'Jeep ® Brand', 'Jeep vehicles', 'Jeep products', 'Asset-light Approach', 'L ack', 'majority share', 'iconic products', 'recent years', 'product offering', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'GAC Group', 'orderly termination', 'imported vehicles', 'Jeep ® customers', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'China', 'progress', 'plan', 'discussions', 'AMSTERDAM', 'lack', 'potential', 'March', 'loss', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-completes-share-063000113.html,Van Lanschot Kempen completes share buy-back programme,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  18 July 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen today announced that it has successfully completed its share buy-back programme...,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  18 July 2022Van Lanschot Kempen today announced that it has successfully completed its share buy-back programme. In the last period  between 12 July 2022 and 15 July 2022  Van Lanschot Kempen repurchased 14 687 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares) at an average price of €21.38 per share for a total amount of €313 942.A total of 600 000 shares have been repurchased under the programme at an average price of €23.62 per share  representing a total amount of €14 172 208.The programme was announced on 24 February 2022. The repurchased shares will be used to cover the depositary receipts to be allocated to employees under existing remuneration policies and share plans.More information  including a detailed overview of all repurchase transactions under this programme  is available at www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.Story continuesFor more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.89,0.06,mixed,0.3,0.36,0.34,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'existing remuneration policies', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'Investment Management', 'share buy-back programme', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'last period', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'share plans', 'total amount', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '600,000 shares', 'Hertogenbosch', '12 July', '15 July', '24 February', 'employees', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'sharebuyback', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'part', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-132600978.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Maranello (Italy)  July 18  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  July 18  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 million share buyback program announced on June 30  2022  as the initial tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “First Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)11/07/2022 EXM 6 650 191.0072 1 270 197.88 12/07/2022 EXM 6 650 189.9353 1 263 069.75 13/07/2022 EXM 6 775 188.2260 1 275 231.15 14/07/2022 EXM 6 750 188.5628 1 272 798.90 15/07/2022 EXM 6 700 190.1740 1 274 165.80Total- 33 525 189.5739 6 355 463.48Since the announcement of such First Tranche till July 15  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 14 148 687.60 for No. 76 075 common shares purchased on the EXMAs of July 15  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 11 141 185 common shares equal to 4.33% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', '150 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'Buyback Programs section', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 76,075 common shares', 'share capital', '141,185 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'initial tranche', 'First Tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Trading Date', 'Stock Exchange', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'June', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'Consideration', '22 EXM', 'Total', 'announcement', 'July', 'transactions', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-jyske-071300919.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Jyske Bank A/S,This is to give notice of an Extraordinary General Meeting of Jyske Bank A/S  which will be held on Monday 22 August 2022  at 10.00 a.m. at Vestergade 8-16  ...,Jyske BankThis is to give notice of an Extraordinary General Meeting of Jyske Bank A/S  which will be held on Monday 22 August 2022  at 10.00 a.m. at Vestergade 8-16  DK-8600 Silkeborg.AGENDAMotions proposed by the Supervisory Board:a. Reduction of Jyske Bank’s nominal share capital by DKK 47 279 050 (corresponding to 4 727 905 shares at a nominal value of DKK 10) from DKK 690 000 000 to DKK 642 720 950. With reference to S.188(1) of the Danish Companies Act we point out that the capital reduction takes place through cancellation of previously acquired own shares acquired by Jyske Bank in accordance with authorisation from members in general meeting. Hence  the capital reduction is spent on payment of capital owners.If the motion is adopted  Jyske Bank's holding of own shares will be reduced by 4 727 905 shares of a nominal value of DKK 10. These shares have been bought back at a total amount of DKK 1 699 780 525 which implies that  apart from the nominal capital reduction  a total amount of DKK 1 652 501 475 has been paid to the capital owners in connection with the buy-backs. The capital reduction takes place at a share premium since it will be at DKK 359.52 for each share of a nominal amount of DKK 10  corresponding to the average price at which the shares have been bought back.In consequence of the above  the following amendment to the Articles of Association is proposed:Art. 2 to be amended to the effect that Jyske Bank’s nominal share capital be DKK 642 720 950 distributed on 64 272 095 shares.b. Any other business.Reference to Jyske Bank's website for further informationWhere in this notice of a General Meeting  reference is made to Jyske Bank's website for further information  this link can be used: https://jyskebank.com/investorrelations .Adoption of motions - special requirementsMotions to amend Jyske Bank’s Articles of Association (item a of the agenda) at extraordinary general meetings shall only be adopted where not less than 90 per cent of the voting share capital is represented at the extraordinary general meeting and only where adopted by both three fourth of the votes cast and by three fourth of the voting share capital represented at the general meeting  cf. Art. 12 of the Articles of Association. Where less than 90 per cent of the voting share capital is represented at the extraordinary general meeting  but the said motion obtains both three fourth of the votes cast and three fourth of the voting share capital represented at the extraordinary general meeting  the said motion may be adopted at a new general meeting by the said qualified majority irrespective of the proportion of the share capital represented.Story continuesSize of the share capital  voting rights of the shareholders and registration dateJyske Bank's share capital is DKK 690 000 000  comprising shares at a face value of DKK 10. Each share amount of DKK 10 shall carry one vote  provided always that 4 000 votes are the highest number of votes any one shareholder may cast on his own behalf. Voting rights can only be exercised by shareholders or their proxies. For the voting right of a share to be exercised  the share shall be registered in the name of the holder in the Bank's register of shareholders not later than on the day of registration  which is 15 August 2022  or the title to such share shall be notified and documented to the Bank within that same time limit.Proxy and postal voteShareholders may as from 28 July up to and including 18 August 2022 give voting instructions  appoint Jyske Bank's Supervisory Board or a third party as proxy either electronically or by means of the Power of Attorney form.Shareholders may attend the General Meeting by proxy and cast their votes by proxy.In addition  shareholders may as from 28 July to 19 August 2022  at 10.00 a.m. cast postal votes either electronically or by means of a form.Proxies may be appointed or postal votes may be cast electronically at the Investor Portal via Jyske Bank's website. A form for the appointment of proxies or for casting postal votes is available at one of Jyske Bank's branches or can be downloaded from Jyske Bank's website. Where the form is used  please forward the completed and signed form either by post to Euronext Securities (VP Investor services A/S) at the address Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen K or by email to vp_vpinvestor@euronext.com. The form must reach Euronext Securities (VP Investor Securitas A/S) by the above-mentioned deadlines  and proxies must have been appointed or postal votes must have been cast electronically by the same deadlines.Custodian bankJyske Bank’s shareholders may choose Jyske Bank A/S as their custodian bank in order to exercise their financial rights through Jyske Bank A/S.Questions from shareholdersShareholders may ask questions in writing about the items of the agenda or Jyske Bank’s financial position. Please send questions to Jyske Bank A/S  Juridisk Afdeling  Vestergade 8-16  DK-8600 Silkeborg or by email to Juridisk@jyskebank.dk. Questions and answers will be presented at the General Meeting. At the General Meeting  the management will also answer questions from the shareholders about matters of importance for the financial situation of Jyske Bank and questions for consideration at the General Meeting.Additional informationThe following documents and information can as of 28 July be downloaded from Jyske Bank's website or can be ordered from Jyske Bank's branches:Notice of General Meeting. The total number of shares and voting rights at the date of the notice. Agenda and full wording of motions. The forms to be used when voting by proxy or by postal vote.Admission cardShareholders who wish to attend the General Meeting and cast their votes must acquire an admission card. Admission cards for the General Meeting can be ordered at the Investor Portal via Jyske Bank's website or from any of Jyske Bank's branches from 28 July and must be ordered by Thursday 18 August 2022 at the latest.Jyske Bank will like previous years send admission cards via email. Therefore  you must - if you have not already registered your email address at InvestorPortalen - register your email address when you order your admission card. After registration  you will receive an electronic admission card which you may simply show on your smart phone or tablet when you attend the General Meeting. Unless you have appointed a proxy  you will receive your voting card upon presentation of your admission card. You must be aware that if  when you order your admission card  you do not choose to receive this via email  you must instead collect your admission card at the entrance to the general meeting. In order to receive your admission card  you must produce valid identification.For the sake of good order  we point out that no refreshments can be expected to be served at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Silkeborg  18 July 2022The Supervisory BoardAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.29,0.39,0.32,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Jyske Bank A/S', 'Notice', 'VP Investor services A/S', 'VP Investor Securitas A/S', 'Danish Companies Act', 'Nicolai Eigtveds Gade', 'extraordinary general meetings', 'same time limit', 'new general meeting', 'Jyske Bank A/S', 'nominal share capital', 'voting share capital', 'nominal capital reduction', 'Investor Portal', 'nominal value', 'nominal amount', 'voting rights', 'voting instructions', 'capital owners', 'share premium', 'share amount', 'Custodian bank', 'Supervisory Board', 'total amount', 'average price', 'following amendment', 'other business', 'special requirements', '90 per cent', 'qualified majority', 'face value', 'one vote', 'highest number', 'one shareholder', 'postal vote', 'third party', 'Euronext Securities', '1402 Copenhagen K', 'same deadlines', 'financial rights', 'financial position', 'three fourth', 'DK-8600 Silkeborg', 'registration date', 'Juridisk Afdeling', 'Monday 22 August', 'Attorney form', 'AGENDA Motions', 'votes', '15 August', '18 August', '19 August', 'notice', '10.00 a', 'Vestergade', 'a.', 'DKK', '4,727,905 shares', 'reference', 'S.1', 'place', 'cancellation', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'members', 'payment', 'holding', 'connection', 'buy-backs', 'consequence', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Art.', 'effect', '64,272,095 shares', 'website', 'information', 'link', 'jyskebank', 'investorrelations', 'Adoption', 'item', 'less', 'proportion', 'Story', 'Size', 'shareholders', 'behalf', 'proxies', 'name', 'register', 'title', 'Proxy', '28 July', 'means', 'Power', 'addition', 'appointment', 'branches', 'address', 'email', 'vpinvestor', 'order', 'Questions', 'writing', 'answers']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220717005025/en/Azelis-expands-Personal-Care-footprint-in-Asia-Pacific-with-the-acquisition-of-Chemical-Solutions-Sdn-Bhd-in-Malaysia,Azelis expands Personal Care footprint in Asia Pacific with the acquisition of Chemical Solutions Sdn Bhd in Malaysia,ANTWERP  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Azelis  a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemicals and food ingredients industry  announces that it has reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the shares of Chemical Solutions S…,ANTWERP  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Azelis  a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemicals and food ingredients industry  announces that it has reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the shares of Chemical Solutions Sdn Bhd (“ChemSol”)  one of the leading distributors of raw materials in the Personal Care  Cosmetics and Household markets in Malaysia.The acquisition strengthens Azelis’ presence in the domestic market  further reinforcing the group’s in-depth coverage of the Asia Pacific region. The addition of ChemSol’s extensive and well known product portfolio  specifically in actives and functional ingredients  significantly expands Azelis’ lateral value chain for the local Personal Care market. With this acquisition  Azelis is ideally placed to benefit from the growing Personal Care market in Malaysia  especially in the attractive Halal cosmetic industry.Founded in 2001  ChemSol’s 21 years in the Malaysian market enabled the establishment of a strong network of customers  with the support of globally renowned principals  from its headquarters in Shah Alam. With a dedicated Personal Care application laboratory  ChemSol is well-positioned to provide innovative solutions to its partners. Chemsol’s full team of employees will become part of the Azelis family  supporting the business and the integration process. The transaction is expected to close before the end of the third quarter  after fulfilment of customary closing conditions.Ms. Serena Ho  Owner and Managing Director of Chemical Solutions Sdn Bhd  comments:“ We are excited about this partnership with Azelis  as joining a well-regarded international player will allow our business to scale up considerably  with more resources and opportunities for growth. We have over the years developed strong relationships with our customers and principals  and as part of the Azelis team we will continue to do our best and stay committed to serving the Malaysian Personal Care industry as we continuously expand the business together.”Mr. Laurent Nataf  CEO & President of Azelis Asia Pacific  adds:“ChemSol’s strong market presence  comprehensive portfolio and innovation capabilities will greatly enhance Azelis’ footprint in Malaysia  along with the addition of their experienced and technically competent team. Our complementary business models also allow us to better support our customers and principals  as they will benefit from our combined technical expertise and compelling expanded product offerings.”About AzelisAzelis is a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemicals and food ingredients industry present in over 50 countries across the globe with over 3 000 employees. Our knowledgeable teams of industry  market and technical experts are each dedicated to a specific market within Life Sciences and Industrial Chemicals. We offer a lateral value chain of complementary products to more than 51 000 customers  supported by ~2 300 principal relationships  creating a turnover of €2.8 billion (2021). Azelis Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels under ticker AZE.Across our extensive network of more than 60 application laboratories  our award-winning staff help develop formulations and provide technical guidance throughout the customers’ product development process. We combine a global market reach with a local footprint to offer a reliable  integrated and unique digital service to local customers and attractive business opportunities to principals. EcoVadis Platinum rated  Azelis is a leader in sustainability. We believe in building and nurturing solid  honest and transparent relationships with our people and partners.Impact through ideas. Innovation through formulation.www.azelis.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.7,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['Chemical Solutions Sdn Bhd', 'Personal Care footprint', 'Asia Pacific', 'Azelis', 'acquisition', 'Malaysia', 'dedicated Personal Care application laboratory', 'leading global innovation service provider', 'Chemical Solutions Sdn Bhd', 'compelling expanded product offerings', 'attractive Halal cosmetic industry', 'growing Personal Care market', 'Malaysian Personal Care industry', 'local Personal Care market', 'Azelis’ lateral value chain', 'customers’ product development process', 'unique digital service', 'global market reach', 'Asia Pacific region', 'customary closing conditions', 'Ms. Serena Ho', 'Mr. Laurent Nataf', 'food ingredients industry', 'Azelis Asia Pacific', 'strong market presence', 'complementary business models', 'attractive business opportunities', 'Azelis Group NV', 'leading distributors', 'Malaysian market', '60 application laboratories', 'product portfolio', 'innovative solutions', 'innovation capabilities', 'integration process', 'functional ingredients', 'local footprint', 'domestic market', 'specific market', 'complementary products', 'strong network', 'strong relationships', 'local customers', 'Azelis’ presence', 'Regulatory News', 'specialty chemicals', 'raw materials', 'Household markets', 'depth coverage', 'Shah Alam', 'full team', 'third quarter', 'Managing Director', 'international player', 'comprehensive portfolio', 'competent team', 'technical expertise', 'knowledgeable teams', 'technical experts', 'Life Sciences', 'Industrial Chemicals', '~2,300 principal relationships', 'Euronext Brussels', 'award-winning staff', 'technical guidance', 'reliable, integrated', 'solid, honest', 'transparent relationships', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Azelis family', 'Azelis team', 'Azelis’ footprint', 'extensive network', 'renowned principals', '51,000 customers', 'ANTWERP', 'Belgium', 'agreement', 'shares', 'ChemSol', 'Cosmetics', 'acquisition', 'addition', 'actives', '21 years', 'establishment', 'support', 'headquarters', 'partners', 'employees', 'transaction', 'end', 'fulfilment', 'Owner', 'comments', 'resources', 'growth', 'CEO', 'President', 'experienced', 'technically', '50 countries', 'globe', 'turnover', 'ticker', 'formulations', 'EcoVadis', 'leader', 'sustainability', 'people', 'Impact', 'ideas']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,businesswire.com
7843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000424.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Jul 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8203 £ 24.2388 Estimated MTD return -1.60 % -1.51 % Estimated YTD return -4.73 % -4.21 % Estimated ITD return 178.20 % 142.39 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -15.89 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.49 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.6039 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.1631The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jul', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/geojunxion-receives-level-2-certification-060000463.html,GeoJunxion receives Level 2 certification on Social Entrepreneurship (PSO) and communicates the release of new Outdoor Venue Plans for two major events in The Netherlands,Capelle aan den IJssel  the Netherlands  18 July 2022 – GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) has received Level 2 certification on Social Entrepreneurship: the...,GeoJunxion N.V.Capelle aan den IJssel  the Netherlands  18 July 2022 – GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) has received Level 2 certification on Social Entrepreneurship: the Prestatieladder Socialer Ondernemen (PSO). This independent assessment shows that GeoJunxion offers high-quality employment to people who have difficulty accessing the labor market and collaborates with organizations that also do or strive for this. With this certification  GeoJunxion provides an above-average contribution in the field of social entrepreneurship in a sustainable way.Ivo Vleeschouwers  GeoJunxion’s CEO and CFO says: “We are proud to have reached the Level 2 certification as we support the aim to help more people with difficulty accessing the labor market finding work in a sustainable and high-quality way. We also encourage our suppliers and contractors to engage in social entrepreneurship. In this way  we grow together towards a more inclusive society.”Francesco Altamura  GeoJunxion’s CBO and MD  comments: “GeoJunxion has valued diversity  integration and investment in social responsibility for years. We are committed to offering our daily contribution towards a better and more sustainable work environment. Every single action count and we are conscious about that.”GeoJunxion is one of the first publicly listed organizations with a PSO quality certification. We hope that this will inspire other organizations to also get certified for PSO.Within the framework of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)  more and more organizations and governments attach importance to creating more employment opportunities for people who have difficulty accessing the labor market. This part of CSR is called social entrepreneurship. PSO is TNO's measuring instrument and quality certification that grades the degree of social entrepreneurship through objective and visible measures. TNO and PSO-Netherlands  in close cooperation with the market  have further developed the PSO according to the latest scientific insights from 2010 onwards. The PSO has now become the national standard in the Netherlands for social entrepreneurship. Watch the PSO-animation for more information: PSO NederlandStory continuesLevels of the PSO Performance LadderThe PSO certification has four performance levels: the Aspirant status  Level 1  Level 2 and Level 3. In 2020  GeoJunxion obtained the Aspirant status  whereby the company expressed the intention to start with more social entrepreneurship. GeoJunxion has now achieved Level 2. The idea behind the approach based on Levels is that organizations can grow by offering more employment to vulnerable groups in our society in a sustainable way.***Outdoor Venue Plan for CHIO Rotterdam and the Dutch Red CrossGeoJunxion takes this opportunity to announce the release of the Outdoor Venue Plans for two major events in The Netherlands. In June 2022  GeoJunxion developed a detailed custom last mile navigable map for CHIO Rotterdam 2022  the only Dutch equestrian 5 stars outdoor event  with 73 years of bright history.Furthermore  in partnership with the Dutch Red Cross  GeoJunxion developed a detailed last mile navigable map of the Zwarte Cross  a 4-day Dutch festival in Lichtenvoorde  from 14 to 17July. This map helps first-aid responders to quickly find and get to the precise location of an emergency. Henk-Jan Kienhuis  one of the Red Cross members that coordinates the activities at the Zwarte Cross  commented: “In case of an emergency every second counts. In the past our volunteers needed to look at the paper map  find their location and the place of the emergency. Next was to find out how to get quickest to destination. With the Outdoor Venue Plan developed by GeoJunxion we now save precious minutes in response time which can be critical in case of emergency.”GeoJunxion’s Outdoor Venue Plan are custom  fully navigable web maps  making the experience of the visitors and professionals working on the event easier  more user-friendly and effective.--END--About GeoJunxionGeoJunxion is the crossroads where fundamental  location-aware content connects with superior  customized intelligence and highly focused innovations to empower exceptional experiences. With an emphasis on safety and sustainability  we are constantly expanding our portfolio to meet the demands of a diverse and fast-evolving market. Building on decades of experience in mapping  the company focuses on high value  dynamic content and building environmentally conscious applications  which enrich safety in everyday life. With location-aware content at our core  we know where our strengths lie and have the know-how and technology needed to offer unrivalled  intelligent products and services. GeoJunxion NV is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam  under the symbol GOJXN.AS.GeoJunxion Press ContactTel: +31 (0)10 885 1200Email: info@geojunxion.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.62,0.32,0.07,True,English,"['new Outdoor Venue Plans', 'two major events', 'Level 2 certification', 'Social Entrepreneurship', 'The Netherlands', 'GeoJunxion', 'PSO', 'release', 'detailed custom last mile navigable map', 'detailed last mile navigable map', 'Dutch equestrian 5 stars outdoor event', 'Capelle aan den IJssel', 'high value, dynamic content', 'navigable web maps', '4-day Dutch festival', 'Outdoor Venue Plan', 'Dutch Red Cross', 'Prestatieladder Socialer Ondernemen', 'latest scientific insights', 'two major events', 'superior, customized intelligence', 'environmentally conscious applications', 'unrivalled, intelligent products', 'Red Cross members', 'fundamental, location-aware content', 'PSO Performance Ladder', 'four performance levels', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'GeoJunxion N.V.', 'GeoJunxion Press Contact', 'sustainable work environment', 'PSO quality certification', 'The PSO certification', 'paper map', 'Zwarte Cross', 'Social Entrepreneurship', 'GOJXN.AS', 'independent assessment', 'average contribution', 'Ivo Vleeschouwers', 'Francesco Altamura', 'daily contribution', 'single action', 'measuring instrument', 'visible measures', 'close cooperation', 'national standard', 'Aspirant status', 'vulnerable groups', 'CHIO Rotterdam', 'bright history', 'first-aid responders', 'Henk-Jan Kienhuis', 'precious minutes', 'response time', 'focused innovations', 'exceptional experiences', 'everyday life', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'PSO Nederland', 'labor market', 'fast-evolving market', 'regulated market', 'sustainable way', 'high-quality way', 'high-quality employment', 'employment opportunities', 'The Netherlands', 'Level 2 certification', 'inclusive society', 'precise location', 'GeoJunxion NV', 'other organizations', 'people', 'difficulty', 'field', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'aim', 'suppliers', 'contractors', 'CBO', 'MD', 'diversity', 'integration', 'investment', 'years', 'framework', 'CSR', 'governments', 'importance', 'part', 'TNO', 'degree', 'objective', 'PSO-Netherlands', 'PSO-animation', 'information', 'company', 'intention', 'idea', 'approach', 'opportunity', 'release', 'June', 'Lichtenvoorde', 'emergency', 'activities', 'case', 'past', 'volunteers', 'place', 'destination', 'visitors', 'professionals', 'crossroads', 'emphasis', 'safety', 'sustainability', 'portfolio', 'demands', 'diverse', 'decades', 'mapping', 'core', 'strengths', 'know-how', 'technology', 'services', 'symbol', 'Email', '31']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/free2move-becomes-world-leader-mobility-141000781.html,Free2move Becomes a World Leader in Mobility with Acquisition of Share Now,Free2move Becomes a World Leader in Mobility with Acquisition of Share Now Acceleration of Free2move’s strategic plan in Europe and in the United States Key ...,STELLANTIS N.VFree2move Becomes a World Leader in Mobility with Acquisition of Share NowAcceleration of Free2move’s strategic plan in Europe and in the United StatesKey step for Free2move in its mission to simplify customer mobility  proposing solutions per minutes  days  months and yearsWith this acquisition of the European free-floating car-sharing leader  Free2move now reaches over 6 million customers worldwide  and reinforces its mobility hub offer in EuropeMajor step towards the Stellantis Dare Forward 2030 goal of growing Free2move’s profitable mobility serviceAMSTERDAM  July 18  2022 – Free2move today announced the completion of the acquisition of Share Now  the market leader and pioneer of free-floating car sharing in Europe. With this acquisition  Free2move continues its aggressive growth plan as a worldwide mobility leader and expanding its mobility hubs concept to 14 new cities. Share Now’s executive management team remains in place.“We are very enthusiastic about the new chapter we are about to write with Share Now  the European leader in free-floating car-sharing ” said Brigitte Courtehoux  Free2move CEO. “Free2move and Share Now are very complementary and our joint expertise now grants us the savoir-faire to truly innovate in the worldwide mobility market. I offer a very warm welcome to every Share Now colleague as they join the Free2move family.”“We are very happy to join Free2move ” said Olivier Reppert  CEO Share Now. “We will keep moving forward together to meet our customers’ expectations for increasingly sustainable  innovative and flexible mobility.”Free2move is a worldwide mobility player for B2B and B2C customers with a fleet of more than 450 000 cars offering rental  car sharing and subscription services  and a network of more than 500 000 parking places. With this acquisition  Free2move expands its reach now to 32 European and U.S. mobility hubs.The Share Now acquisition will allow Free2move to rapidly reach Stellantis’ Dare Forward 2030 goal of 15 million customers and €2.8 billion in revenue by 2030. It will also open new synergies and enhance the profitability of the two companies.Story continues# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis About Free2moveFree2move is the only global mobility brand offering a complete and unique ecosystem for its private and professional customers around the world. Relying on data and technology  Free2move puts the customer experience at the heart of the business to reinvent mobility. Free2move offers a range of services to satisfy the multiple travel needs of its customers from one minute to several days or months with car-sharing service  short  medium or long-term rental as well as the reservation of VTC drivers  parking spaces and charging stations via the app.Free2move Mobility in figures worldwide: 2 million customers  450 000 rental vehicles  500 000 parking spaces  250 000 charging points in Europe.About SHARE NOWAs the European market leader and pioneer of free-floating car-sharing  SHARE NOW is represented in 16 major European cities with around 10 000 vehicles  including around 3 000 electric vehicles. About 3.5 million customers already use the service. SHARE NOW offers a sustainable solution for urban mobility and  as part of the mobility offer  contributes significantly to relieving traffic congestion in cities. Each car-sharing car replaces up to 20 private vehicles in urban traffic. SHARE NOW continues to expand its European free-floating car-sharing activities. The mobility provider was founded in 2019 as a joint venture between BMW Group and Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG. It has its headquarters in Berlin.For more information contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.com Valérie GILLOT –communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.83,0.14,0.03,True,English,"['World Leader', 'Free2move', 'Mobility', 'Acquisition', 'Share', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'U.S. mobility hubs', 'Stellantis Dare Forward 2030 goal', 'Stellantis’ Dare Forward 2030 goal', 'up to 20 private vehicles', 'European free-floating car-sharing activities', 'European free-floating car-sharing leader', 'The Share Now acquisition', 'mobility hubs concept', 'executive management team', 'multiple travel needs', 'Valérie GILLOT', 'worldwide mobility player', 'global mobility brand', 'Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG', 'aggressive growth plan', 'worldwide mobility leader', 'worldwide mobility market', 'European market leader', 'mobility hub offer', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'free-floating car sharing', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'profitable mobility service', 'Share Now colleague', '16 major European cities', 'CEO Share Now', 'European leader', 'mobility offer', 'sustainable, innovative', 'sustainable solution', 'car-sharing car', 'Citroën', 'car-sharing service', 'customer mobility', 'flexible mobility', 'mobility provider', 'urban mobility', 'strategic plan', 'Major step', '3,000 electric vehicles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'United States', 'Key step', '14 new cities', 'new chapter', 'Brigitte Courtehoux', 'joint expertise', 'warm welcome', 'Olivier Reppert', '500,000 parking places', 'new synergies', 'two companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'unique ecosystem', 'customer experience', 'one minute', 'VTC drivers', 'parking spaces', 'charging stations', '250,000 charging points', 'traffic congestion', 'urban traffic', 'joint venture', 'BMW Group', '450,000 rental vehicles', 'World Leader', '6 million customers', 'customers’ expectations', 'B2C customers', '15 million customers', 'professional customers', '2 million customers', '3.5 million customers', 'Free2move Mobility', 'long-term rental', 'Free2move CEO', 'several days', 'subscription services', 'Free2move family', '32 European', '10,000 vehicles', 'Acceleration', 'mission', 'solutions', 'minutes', 'months', 'years', 'AMSTERDAM', 'completion', 'pioneer', 'savoir-faire', 'B2B', 'fleet', '450,000 cars', 'network', 'reach', 'revenue', 'profitability', 'Story', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'complete', 'data', 'technology', 'heart', 'business', 'range', 'medium', 'reservation', 'app', 'figures', 'part', 'headquarters', 'Berlin', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-aviation-description-share-buyback-151700399.html,Dassault Aviation: Description of the share buyback program authorized by the Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of May 18  2022,DASSAULT AVIATION French société anonyme with a share capital of EUR 66 789 624 Registered office: 9  Rond-Point des Champs-Elysées Marcel Dassault 75008...,Dassault AviationDASSAULT AVIATIONFrench société anonyme with a share capital of EUR 66 789 624Registered office: 9  Rond-Point des Champs-Elysées Marcel Dassault75008 PARISRegistered on the Paris Trade and Company Registerunder number 712 042 456Description of the share buyback programauthorized by the Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meetingof May 18  2022In accordance with the provisions of European Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of April 16  2014  and with articles 241-1 to 241-7 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  this description sets out the objectives  terms and conditions of the share buyback program of Dassault Aviation (the “Company”)  this program having been authorized by the Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of May 18  2022.Dassault Aviation  a major player in the aeronautic industry  both at a European and International level  is the only Group in the world capable of conceiving  producing  realizing and supporting fighter aircraft  political independence instruments  and business jets  instruments for both work and economic development.In 2021  Dassault Aviation Group’s adjusted turnover reached EUR 7 2 billion  with an adjusted net income of EUR 693 million.Dassault Aviation’s shares are listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (segment A). They are eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD). ISIN Code: FR0014004L86.I. General Meeting at which the buyback program was authorized – the legal frameworkThis buyback program  which complies with articles L. 22-10-62 and following of the French Commercial Code  was authorized by the Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of May 18  2022 (twelfth resolution).This resolution sets forth that as from the date of the next Board Meeting that will decide to implement this new buyback program  it terminates with respect to the unused portion of the share buyback program authorized by the Annual General Meeting of May 11  2021.Story continuesThe redeemed shares under this new buyback program will be deprived of voting and dividend rights while they are held by Dassault Aviation.II. Number of shares and percentage of the share capital held by the CompanyAs of June 30  2022  the capital of the Company consists of 83 487 030 shares.At that time  the Company holds 280 430 of its own shares  representing 0.34% of its share capital.III. Allocation of own shares held by the Company by purpose of own shares held by the CompanyThe 280 430 own shares held by the Company have been allocated for the dual purpose of attribution of performance shares and setting up of liquidity contract (meeting of the Board of Directors of November 28  2014).IV. Purposes of the buyback programDassault Aviation envisages repurchasing  or arranging for the repurchase of  its shares  for the following purposes:Canceling shares in order to increase the return on equity and earnings per share  subject to the adoption of the thirteenth resolution Stimulating market activity or increasing the liquidity of Dassault Aviation shares through an investment service provider using a liquidity contract on shares that meets the acceptability requirements defined by the AMF (Autorité des Marchés Financiers — French Financial Markets Authority) in its ruling no. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  which establishes liquidity contracts on shares as an accepted market practice that is compliant with the ethics charter recognized by the AMF Transferring or allocating shares to employees and corporate officers of the Company and/or associated companies according to the terms and conditions set out in law  especially the exercising of stock options  allocating existing shares  or transferring and/or subscribing for existing shares as part of an employee stock ownership scheme Retaining shares equal to up to 5% of the share capital for subsequent use  to provide them as payment or in exchange  including as part of any external growth transactions Remitting shares upon exercise of rights attached to debt securities that can be converted into Dassault Aviation shares Implementing any market practice that may be recognized by law or by the AMF.V. Maximum proportion of share capital  maximum number of shares that may be purchased pursuant to the share buyback programThe maximum proportion of the Company’s share capital capable of being bought back as approved by the Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of May 18  2022 within the framework of the new share buyback program  is 10% of the total number of shares comprising the share capital of the Company (the 10% limit applying to an amount of the share capital that will be adjusted to take into account transactions on its capital)  which  based on the total share capital of 83 487 030 shares as of May 18  2022  amounts to 8 348 703 own shares.Dassault Aviation reserves the right to implement the entire authorized program.As provided under the provisions of article L. 22-10-62 of the French Code de Commerce  Dassault Aviation may at no time  directly or indirectly  hold own shares representing more than 10% of the Company’s total share capital.VI. Maximum purchase price and maximum amount of funds allocated to the buybackThe maximum purchase price of the shares was fixed at the Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of May 18  2022  at EUR 170 per share  excluding acquisition charges  subject to relevant adjustments linked to dealings with the Company’s share capital  including through capitalization of reserves and the allotment of bonus shares and/or a stock split or reverse stock split.Based on a maximum number of shares that can be held  representing 10% of the Company’s share capital as of May 18  2022  which amounts to a maximum number of 8 348 703 shares; the maximum theoretical investment allocated for buybacks  based on the maximum authorized purchase price of EUR 170 per share  amounts to EUR 1 419 279 510 (twelfth resolution).VII. Terms and conditions of the buybackWithin the limits imposed by regulations  shares can be purchased  sold  exchanged or transferred by any means  on any market (regulated or not)  on a multilateral trading facility (MTF)  via a systematic internalizer  or over-the-counter through a buyback of a block of shares or otherwise  any time that the Board of Directors or the person acting on his behalf so decide  in accordance with the provisions provided by law.The words “any means” set out in the paragraph above includes the use of available cash as well as the use of all derivative financial instruments  including the use of options or warrants  without any particular limit.These transactions may take place at any time  in accordance with current legislation.Authorization by the General Meeting does not restrict the parts of the program that may be executed through the acquisition of block shares.VIII. Duration of the buyback program and of the cancellation of shares- This authorization is valid for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of the Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of May 18  2022. It shall enter into force as of the date of the meeting of the Board of Directors which approves the entry into force of this new share buyback program.It will terminate on November 18  2023.- In accordance with article L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code  the acquired shares may only be cancelled up to a maximum of 10% of the share capital of the Company over a 24-month period.* * * * *During the implementation of the share buyback program  any significant alteration of any of the information mentioned above will  as soon as possible  be made available to the public according to the terms and conditions specified in article 221-3 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.32,0.38,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Dassault Aviation', 'Annual Ordinary', 'Description', 'May', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French société anonyme', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'employee stock ownership scheme', 'French Code de Commerce', 'new share buyback program', 'French Commercial Code', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'investment service provider', 'new buyback program', 'entire authorized program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'I. General Meeting', 'political independence instruments', 'external growth transactions', 'Annual General Meeting', 'next Board Meeting', 'total share capital', 'Dassault Aviation Group', 'Dassault Aviation shares', 'ISIN Code', 'stock options', 'General Regulation', 'Marcel Dassault', 'Annual Ordinary', 'Registered office', 'Champs-Elysées', 'major player', 'aeronautic industry', 'International level', 'fighter aircraft', 'business jets', 'economic development', 'net income', 'segment A', 'unused portion', 'acceptability requirements', 'ethics charter', 'corporate officers', 'associated companies', 'subsequent use', 'debt securities', 'Maximum proportion', 'total number', 'article L.', 'liquidity contract', 'market activity', 'market practice', 'twelfth resolution', 'thirteenth resolution', 'European Regulation', 'legal framework', 'dividend rights', 'dual purpose', 'following purposes', 'maximum number', 'Paris Trade', '280,430 own shares', 'performance shares', 'existing shares', 'Company Register', '75008 PARIS', '83,487,030 shares', '9, Rond-Point', 'Description', 'May', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'April', 'articles', 'objectives', 'terms', 'conditions', 'world', 'turnover', 'Euronext', 'SRD', 'date', 'respect', 'Story', 'voting', 'percentage', 'June', 'time', 'Allocation', 'attribution', 'Directors', 'November', 'IV.', 'repurchase', 'order', 'return', 'equity', 'earnings', 'adoption', 'AMF', 'ruling', 'employees', 'law', 'exercising', 'part', 'payment', 'exchange', 'exercise', '10% limit', 'amount', 'account', '8,348,703']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220717005031/en/ESI-Group-at-the-Farnborough-International-Airshow-2022,ESI Group at the Farnborough International Airshow 2022,RUNGIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: ESI Group (ISIN Code: FR0004110310  Symbol: ESI) (Paris:ESI)  a global simulation and virtual prototyping software partner for the industry  will be present at the Farnborough International Airshow (18 and 22 …,RUNGIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:ESI Group (ISIN Code: FR0004110310  Symbol: ESI) (Paris:ESI)  a global simulation and virtual prototyping software partner for the industry  will be present at the Farnborough International Airshow (18 and 22 July 2022). ESI Group will present an outline of aircraft Acoustics for both interior and exterior noise. Besides  The Group will illustrate how virtual reality solutions help power industry 4.0  showcasing and demonstrating its solution for human-centric virtual simulation and collaborative work with IC.IDO.2 software solutions presented:ESI’s flagship Virtual Reality software IC.IDO for human-centric process validation and product integration: facilitating agile design processes  robust manufacturing  and safe maintenance operations.ESI’s vibro-acoustics software VA ONEPromising progress in the aircraft industry thanks to digitalization and virtual realityDigitalization plays a major role in developing sustainable aviation  hydrogen planes  electric aircraft  urban mobility  eVTOLs... Virtual reality helps industries achieve sustainability goals  to secure “first time right”  reduce costs  time and go to market. Throughout the years  Virtual reality upgraded processes  allowing faster turnaround for foundries and composite parts manufacturers  lower scrap rates  manufacturability despite new geometries. Industrials have been able to achieve their desired vibro-acoustic performance and virtually pre-certified products. Besides  the need for physical try-outs and prototypes significantly decreased  paving the way to more efficient assembly steps  increased productivity and output  reduced maintenance costs  and decreased industrial risks for operators.ESI Group has been operating in the aircraft industry for the last decades. ESI’s aerospace customers leverage the benefits of virtual reality solutions  helping them achieve their goal to producing clean  safe  and productive.eVTOLS: ESI Group helps foster innovations – interior external noise and comfortESI has the mission to help aerospace companies in gearing their digital transformation  to be a partner they can trust to help foster innovations  such as the eVTOLS  that will change the landscape of urban mobility. ESI Group is already helping the pioneers of that segment achieve their product performance and safety targets while meeting stringent noise regulations  reducing noise impact in urban areas and meeting interior aircraft noise comfort levels. ESI Group’s VA One software solution help manufacturers to predict and resolve potential noise and vibration challenges in very early stages of their development process. Thus  meeting safety standards and their objectives for aircraft acoustics  and minimizing weight and controlling costs.ESI Group’s software solutions for a clean  safe  and productive industry1. Power systems manufacturer Rolls-Royce uses ESI casting simulation software ProCAST for Product-Process co-design and to collaborate more efficiently with their supply chain towards greater quality parts  avoiding late design changes and eliminating scrap rates in a more sustainable manner.2. Saab Aerospace Systems relies on ESI composites manufacturing simulation software PAM-COMPOSITES to refine their injection strategies for the next generation aircraft doors  supporting the advanced manufacturing of ever lighter structures.3. Latécoère counts on the advanced virtual reality capabilities provided by IC.IDO (1)  to connect manufacturing engineering teams from around the world on the same virtual platform to secure “First Time Right” production and to train operators remotely  cutting down on travel emissions  yet providing a “learning by doing” approach.(1) ESI Group at the exhibition: France Pavillion. ESI Group will be part of the GIFAS (& “AsTech”) area in HALL 1 – Booth 13.60 Village ASTechAbout ESI GroupFounded in 1973  ESI Group envisions a world where Industry commits to bold outcomes  addressing high-stakes concerns - environmental impact  safety & comfort for consumers and workers  adaptable and sustainable business models. ESI provides reliable and customized solutions anchored on predictive physics modeling and virtual prototyping expertise to allow industries to make the right decisions at the right time while managing their complexity. Acting principally in automotive & land transportation  aerospace  defense & naval and heavy industry  ESI is present in more than 20 countries  employs 1200 people around the world  and reported 2021 sales of €136.6 million. ESI is headquartered in France and is listed on compartment B of Euronext Paris.For further information  go to www.esi-group.com.Follow ESI: LinkedIn | Facebook | Twitter | YouTube,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.11,0.85,0.03,True,English,"['Farnborough International Airshow', 'ESI Group', 'interior aircraft noise comfort levels', 'next generation aircraft doors', 'flagship Virtual Reality software', 'advanced virtual reality capabilities', 'VA One software solution', 'virtual prototyping software partner', 'First Time Right” production', 'ESI casting simulation software', 'VA ONE Promising', 'virtual prototyping expertise', 'Farnborough International Airshow', 'efficient assembly steps', 'greater quality parts', 'Latécoère', 'same virtual platform', 'predictive physics modeling', 'interior external noise', 'stringent noise regulations', 'human-centric virtual simulation', 'human-centric process validation', 'Power systems manufacturer', 'late design changes', 'manufacturing engineering teams', 'virtual reality solutions', 'safe maintenance operations', 'composite parts manufacturers', 'lower scrap rates', 'Saab Aerospace Systems', 'sustainable business models', 'agile design processes', '2 software solutions', 'advanced manufacturing', 'vibro-acoustics software', 'right time', 'exterior noise', 'noise impact', 'potential noise', 'global simulation', 'aircraft Acoustics', 'electric aircraft', 'right decisions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'clean, safe', 'development process', 'aircraft industry', 'customized solutions', 'robust manufacturing', 'sustainable aviation', 'sustainable manner', 'power industry', 'Regulatory News', 'ISIN Code', 'collaborative work', 'IC.IDO.', 'product integration', 'major role', 'hydrogen planes', 'urban mobility', 'sustainability goals', 'faster turnaround', 'new geometries', 'vibro-acoustic performance', 'certified products', 'physical try-outs', 'industrial risks', 'last decades', 'aerospace customers', 'aerospace companies', 'digital transformation', 'product performance', 'urban areas', 'vibration challenges', 'early stages', 'supply chain', 'injection strategies', 'lighter structures', 'travel emissions', 'bold outcomes', 'high-stakes concerns', 'environmental impact', 'land transportation', 'compartment B', 'The Group', 'maintenance costs', 'productive industry', 'heavy industry', 'safety targets', 'safety standards', 'ESI composites', 'ESI Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'France Pavillion', 'RUNGIS', 'Symbol', '22 July', 'outline', 'progress', 'digitalization', 'eVTOLs', 'industries', 'market', 'years', 'foundries', 'manufacturability', 'Industrials', 'need', 'prototypes', 'way', 'productivity', 'output', 'operators', 'benefits', 'innovations', 'landscape', 'pioneers', 'segment', 'objectives', 'weight', 'controlling', 'Rolls-Royce', 'ProCAST', 'Product-Process', 'PAM-COMPOSITES', 'world', 'learning', 'approach', 'exhibition', 'GIFAS', 'AsTech', 'Booth', 'Village', 'consumers', 'workers', 'adaptable', 'reliable', 'complexity', 'automotive', 'defense', 'naval', '20 countries', '1200 people', '2021 sales', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'YouTube']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,businesswire.com
7848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-drone-specifies-organization-carries-060000844.html,Delta Drone specifies its organization and carries out a bond issue,Delta Drone specifies its organizationand carries out a bond issue Dardilly  18 July  2022 at 8 a.m. The Delta Drone Group consists of four branches 1...,"DELTA DRONEDelta Drone specifies its organizationand carries out a bond issueDardilly  18 July  2022 at 8 a.m.The Delta Drone Group consists of four branches1 - Delta Drone SA and its satellite companies in FranceIn addition to its role as the group's parent company  Delta Drone SA  with the support of several French subsidiaries that work only for the group (Technidrone  Delta Drone Experts  Delta Drone Engineering)  specializes in the design and marketing of professional solutions dedicated to two business sectors: security and logistics.Professional solutions are complex robotic systems  which integrate several high-tech subsets  including drones. What they have in common is that they are autonomous  that means they do not require human intervention to operate  without the presence of operators for their installation and supervision  in particular for safety reasons.These systems are all protected by patents. They are sold to customers or operated as part of services. In the case of a sale  a set of associated services is offered: analysis of the regulatory and technical environment  prevention plans  site mapping  user training  maintenance in operational condition  after-sales service  etc. The unit price of these systems is always higher than 100 K€ (excluding associated services).For the security industry  professional solutions are a range of systems marketed under the ISS Spotter brand. The month of June was rich in events: a mission was successfully carried out as part of the Roland-Garros tennis tournament. A few days later  during the Eurosatory show  many demonstrations were organized  allowing several official foreign delegations visiting the Delta Drone stand to operate themselves an ISS Spotter system physically located in Nantes  more than 400 km away. Thanks to a ground station entirely designed and developed by Delta Drone  they could access in real time all the functions to direct the camera  manage the zoom  or focus on points of interest using the ""click and go"" function. It should be noted that the robustness and operational quality of the system also made it possible to carry out this same type of remote management of the system from Perth in Australia (distance of 15 000 km) and from a site located in the Gulf of Guinea in Africa (distance of 5 000 km).Story continuesFor the logistics sector  the professional solution is more specifically dedicated to warehouse inventory  marketed under the Countbot brand. After several successful assignments in recent months  a first major transaction has been concluded with L'Oréal  as presented in the press release dated June 27  2022.2 - Delta Drone Human Tech and its operational subsidiaries ATMDelta Drone Human Tech - DDHT (a company 100% owned by Delta Drone SA) represents thegroup's ""private security "" division. Present in Auvergne-Rhône Alpes  PACA and Champagne and acting under the ATM brand  the DDHT sub-group specializes in two types of services: the permanent security of large public or private industrial and institutional sites  and security during major cultural and sporting events.Regarding permanent security  most contracts are multi-year  thus ensuring a very strong recurrence of turnover. Among many references  DDHT enjoys the trust of customers such as: the Technical and Scientific Police  Soitec  Avery Dennison  the CEA  etc.In terms of event security  the references are also numerous: Roland Garros Tournament  Meeting of la Ferté-Alais  Cannes Film Festival  NRJ Music Awards  Critéo seminar (Croatia)  municipality of Reims  Beaucroissant fair  etc.DDHT is a key element of the Delta Drone Group's strategy: at a time when the shortage of human resources is becoming structural in the private security sector  and while 3 successive years of major events in France are looming (Rugby World Cup 2023  Olympic Games 2024 and World Expo 2025)  there is no doubt that the use of technological means  in addition to security guards becomes an absolute necessity.In preparation for these tremendous opportunities  DDHT adapts its offers: from now on  systematically  for all calls for tenders concerning the security of both industrial sites and events  DDHT integrates ISS Spotter systems and teams trained in their use into its system.In order to better mark the combinatorial and non-disruptive effect of this offer  the systems are considered as ""cyber agents"" complementary to traditional agents and are offered painlessly for the customer within the traditional framework of an hourly cost / agent. Similarly  for any event  mixed teams  composed of security guards and ISS Spotter systems (most often wired) are now systematically marketed.Last important point to emphasize  the synergies between DDHT and Delta Drone are not limited to the security sector alone. Indeed  it is essentially DDHT staff  previously trained  who are delegated and commissioned to be operators during Countbot inventory missions in warehouses.3 - Delta Drone International and its operational subsidiaries RocketmineDelta Drone International is a company listed in Australia on the Sydney ASX Stock Exchange  a 60% subsidiary of Delta Drone SA (the balance of the capital is held by the public). It is the holding company of several operating companies located in South Africa  Ghana and Australia. Delta Drone International's activity concerns exclusively the provision of drone services  dedicated to the mining and agriculture sectors.These service activities are mainly based on mapping to assess in real time the operating conditions of the sites and thus improve their management. Increasingly  Delta Drone International is using Lidar technology to improve the performance of services rendered.In most cases  after a first phase of experimentation  contracts are signed for several years and for significant amounts  up to or even exceeding AU$ 1 million.Delta Drone International's activities have been firmly established for several years in Southern Africa and Ghana (Delta Drone International is the leading operator of drone services in Africa)  in the commercial development phase in Australia where Delta Drone International has been established since the end of 2020.4 – UDT – United Drone TechnologyUDT is the investment company (100% subsidiary) of the Delta Drone Group. Far from being an exclusively financial company  UDT aims to build a relevant ecosystem in the drone sector  by taking minority stakes in start-ups with high potential and with which Delta Drone SA is able to develop industrial synergies.UDT's portfolio is now composed of 5 holdings: three French companies (Elistair  Donecle and Diodon Drone Technologies)  a Swiss company (Aero41) and an Israeli company (Sightec).In terms of synergies  two examples illustrate Delta Drone's approach: the wired ISS Spotter system uses Elistair technology  and it is Donecle's imaging know-how that has enabled the final development of the Countbot solution.Synthesis: three of the four branches are positive or close to equilibriumThe two divisions Delta Drone Human Tech and Delta Drone International together represent an annual consolidated revenue base of approximately €16 million  more than 80% of which is made up of multi-year contracts. These branches experience a minimum annual growth of more than 10% in their respective turnover  they generate a positive operating result or very close to balance  they are now autonomous in terms of financing.The UDT division holds a portfolio of assets whose cumulative value in 2021 was around €8 million  a value doubled compared to the amounts initially invested. As a company whose only activity is to hold minority stakes in the drone sector  UDT does not generate revenue or operating expenses  as the company has no employees and relies on the infrastructure of Delta Drone SA.The group's financial losses are therefore concentrated on the4th branch (Delta Drone SA). They result from a high operating cost compared to an incipient turnover  which is still insufficient to cover the expenses.Under these conditions  and despite very promising start-up prospects regarding the commercialization of the ISS Spotter and Countbot solutions  vigorous actions are underway to drastically reduce operating costs.In any event  the objective is to achieve a situation of financial autonomy by the end of the year at the latest without the need for additional recourse to dilutive financing of any kind.In support of this objective  a bond issue of a principal amount of €2.4 million has been set up  according to the characteristics described below.Bond issueDelta Drone (the ""Company"") announces the completion today ofthe issuance of simple bonds (""OS"") in the amount of € 2 150 000  by the issuance of 43 000 OS with a nominal value of € 56 at a price of € 50 each  representing a bond issue of a principal amount of € 2 408 000.Background and reasons for the transactionThe issuance of the OS will allow the Company to pursue its strategy of returning to balanceIt is part of the establishment of a mechanism called ""equitization"" of the OS  by (i) the constitution of a management trust for the benefit of the holders of OS who have decided to transfer their OS to the trust and (ii) the issuance of warrants for the benefit of the said trust  the terms and conditions of exercise of which will allow  from an economic point of view  to transform the OS thus transferred into shares.OS holders will be reimbursed either in cash by Delta Drone or by the net proceeds of disposals of said shares.Modalities and legal framework for the issuance of OSThe issuance of the tranches of OS was carried out as part of an issue reserved for the benefit of certain investors.Characteristics of the OS: The terms and conditions of the OS ( the main characteristics of which are presented in A nnexe 1 ) are available in full on the Company's website.Nominal value: The nominal value of the OS is 56 € per OS.Subscription price: The subscription price of the OS is 50 € per OS.Minimum subscription amount: The minimum subscription amount of the OS is € 100 000 per subscriber.No listing: OS will not be the subject of any application for admission to trading on a regulated or unregulated market  in France or abroad.Early repayment by hand of the Company: The Company has the right to repay at any time the OS at 105% de their nominal value e (plus accrued interest).Modalities and legal framework for the equitization of OSIncorporation of a Trust: The Company will establish no later than September 15  2022 a management trust (the ""Trust"") managed by Equitis Gestion acting as trustee (the ""Trustee"") under a trust agreement to be entered into between the Trustee and the Company. O S holders have committed to transfer their OS in order to become settlors and beneficiaries of the Trust.Issuance of BSA: In accordance with the terms of the trust agreement  the Company will issue on September 30  2022 for the benefit of the Trustee  as part of a reserved issue decided on the basis of the 7th resolution of the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of December 27  2021  subscription creditsfor shares called ""equitization"" (""BSA E "")  the main characteristics of which are presented for information purposes in Appendix 2   it being specified that their full terms and conditions were subsequently published on the Company's website.BSA E will be awarded free of charge and will be fully subscribed by the Trustee on behalf of the Trust.A press release will be issued by the Company at the time of issuance of the E BSAs to inform the market of the number of E BSAs issued and the resulting potential dilution.Exercise of BSA E by the Trustee: From the date of issue of the BSA E   the Trustee  acting on behalf of the Trust  will be responsible for exercising the BSA E by offsetting against the claim (in principal and interest) held against the Company in respect of the SO   and then to dispose as and when on the market  under strict terms defined in the trust agreement  the company's nouvelles actions resulting from the exercise of the BSA E (the ""New Shares"").The exercise of the BSA E will not give rise to any fundraising for the Company to the extent that the BSA E will be exercised only by offsetting against certain  liquid and due claims that the holder of BSA E will hold against the Company in respect of the OS.The length of time it will take to fully repay the OSes brought to the Trust through the equitization mechanism will essentially depend on the liquidity of the Delta Drone share in the market.New Shares issuedThe New Shares issued on exercise of the BSA E will be ordinary shares bearing current enjoyment which will confer on their holder  upon delivery  all the rights attached to the existing ordinary shares detailed in the Articles of Association of the Company.The New Shares will be the subject of applications for admission to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market. They will be immediately assimilated to the existing shares of the Company and negotiable on the same line as the existing shares ( ISIN code: FR0011522168).About Delta Drone : Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the field of civilian drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market – ISIN code: FR0011522168BSA Y – ISIN code: FR 0013400991www.deltadrone.comInvestor Contacts:Jérôme Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65 jgacoin@aelium.frAnnex 1Key OS FeaturesNumber of OSes-Main 43 000 OS with a nominal value of € 56 each  representing a total principal amount of € 2 408 000. Face value The OS have a face value of € 56 each. Subscription price Each OS is subscribed for a unit price of € 50. Date of issue July 15   2022. Currency of issue The issue is made in euros. Shape The OS are registered in account in the nominative form. Transfer The OS are freely transferable. They are transferredby transfer from account to account  the transfer of theprriete of the OS resulting from their entry in the securities account of the holder of OS. Quotation OS will not be the subject of any application for admission to trading on a regulated or unregulated market  in France or abroad. Maturity The OS have a maturity of three (3) years and two (2) months from the date of issue (the ""Expiry Date"") and will therefore lapse on September 15  2025. Interest OSs bear a monthly interest of 1%. Repayment OS that has not been reimbursed no later than the Due Date at 5 p.m. (Paris time) will be reimbursed by the Company at their nominal value  it being specified thatcertain cases of early repayment give rise to a refund at a price higher than the nominal value.Annex 2Key Features of BSA EBSA E will be subscribed by the Trustee as part of the trust-management agreement.The holder of BSA E will be entitled to choose  at any time during a period of three (3) years from their issue  to exercise all or part of the BSA E in New Shares.Each BSA E will give the right to subscribe to one (1) New Share (the ""BSA E Exercise Parity"").The E-BSAs will be exercised at a price representing 90% of the lowest volume-weighted average daily price of the Company's share  observed on trading days during which the Trust has not sold any shares of the Company among the last fifteen (15) trading days preceding the applicable E-BSA exercise date  without being less than the par value of the Company's share (the ""Exercise Price of BSA E "").The BSA E will be exercised only by offsetting against certain  liquid and due claims that the holder of BSA E will hold on the Company.The detailed characteristics of the BSA E will be published on the Company's website.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.67,0.28,0.04,True,English,"['Delta Drone', 'bond issue', 'organization', 'hourly cost / agent', 'several official foreign delegations', 'Delta Drone Human Tech', 'The Delta Drone Group', 'several high-tech subsets', 'several successful assignments', 'Roland-Garros tennis tournament', ""L'Oréal"", 'Auvergne-Rhône Alpes', 'Roland Garros Tournament', 'la Ferté-Alais', 'Cannes Film Festival', 'NRJ Music Awards', 'Critéo seminar', 'Last important point', 'several French subsidiaries', 'Delta Drone SA', 'Delta Drone Experts', 'Delta Drone Engineering', 'Delta Drone International', 'two business sectors', 'Rugby World Cup', 'ISS Spotter brand', 'first major transaction', 'Countbot inventory missions', 'complex robotic systems', 'ISS Spotter systems', 'private security "" division', 'operational subsidiaries ATM', 'private security sector', 'human intervention', 'human resources', 'Countbot brand', 'ATM brand', 'private industrial', 'warehouse inventory', 'two types', 'World Expo', 'major cultural', 'operational condition', 'operational quality', 'bond issue', 'four branches', 'satellite companies', 'professional solutions', 'safety reasons', 'prevention plans', 'user training', 'sales service', 'unit price', 'Eurosatory show', 'many demonstrations', 'ground station', 'same type', 'remote management', 'recent months', 'press release', 'large public', 'institutional sites', 'most contracts', 'strong recurrence', 'Scientific Police', 'Avery Dennison', 'key element', '3 successive years', 'Olympic Games', 'technological means', 'absolute necessity', 'tremendous opportunities', 'industrial sites', 'non-disruptive effect', 'cyber agents', 'traditional agents', 'traditional framework', 'security industry', 'permanent security', 'security guards', 'logistics sector', 'major events', 'associated services', 'technical environment', 'site mapping', 'real time', 'sporting events', 'many references', 'mixed teams', 'event security', 'parent company', 'DDHT sub-group', 'DDHT staff', 'organization', 'Dardilly', 'July', '8 a', 'France', 'addition', 'role', 'support', 'Technidrone', 'design', 'marketing', 'drones', 'presence', 'operators', 'installation', 'supervision', 'patents', 'customers', 'part', 'case', 'analysis', 'regulatory', 'maintenance', '100 K', 'range', 'June', 'Nantes', 'functions', 'camera', 'zoom', 'points', 'interest', 'click', 'robustness', 'Perth', 'Australia', 'distance', '15,000 km', 'Gulf', 'Guinea', 'Africa', 'Story', 'thegroup', 'PACA', 'Champagne', 'turnover', 'trust', 'Soitec', 'CEA', 'terms', 'Meeting', 'Croatia', 'municipality', 'Reims', 'Beaucroissant', 'strategy', 'shortage', 'doubt', 'preparation', 'offers', 'calls', 'tenders', 'order', 'combinatorial', 'synergies', 'warehouses', 'Rocketmine']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/esg-under-attack-wolters-kluwer-experts-analyze-anti-esg-litigation-and-legislation-301588267.html,ESG under Attack: Wolters Kluwer Experts Analyze Anti-ESG Litigation and Legislation,Wolters Kluwer senior legal analysts provide guidance as ESG policies face fierce opposition from corporations  legislators and advocacy groups across the U.S. NEW YORK  July 18  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- What: ESG under Attack Why: ESG policies  once surging with…,"Why: ESG policies  once surging with seemingly unstoppable momentum  are hitting fierce opposition in the form of fiery rhetoric  legislation  and lawsuits by some corporate leaders  state officials  and conservative advocacy groups. As some companies and entities push back on ESG to protect financial interests and ideological positions  companies and funds must steer a careful course on ESG policies going forward.In a new Strategic Perspective entitled ""ESG under Attack "" Wolters Kluwer legal experts examine the increasing number of interests and actions clashing with ESG-related investor and legal demands to provide insight into what companies and investment managers will need to monitor  laws and regulations that may be struck down  and what to watch for in the future as political battles continue to spill into the financial  legal  and corporate landscape.Who: Brad Rosen  J.D.  Senior Legal Analyst; Matthew Garza  J.D.  Managing Editor; Lene Powell  J.D.  Senior Legal AnalystThe war on ESG is a well-conceived  well-calibrated and well-executed campaign that continues to vex corporations as new battle lines emerge on a near daily basis. In the aftermath of the Supreme Court overruling Roe v. Wade  Texas  along with other red states  have threatened criminal sanctions against companies pledging to assist employees in those states that are seeking abortion services. Challenges to corporations along these lines in the future promise to accelerate.- Brad Rosen  Senior Legal AnalystIn a down market in the summer of 2022  it seems likely that the question about demand for ESG products  and ESG's success as an investment strategy  may be tested at the same time the SEC's climate disclosure proposal comes under attack.- Matthew Garza  J.D.  Managing EditorCompanies need to watch closely because some of these new 'anti-ESG' laws cast a broad net. For example  standard company diversity trainings could run afoul of Florida's new ""Stop WOKE Act.""- Lene Powell  J.D.  Senior Legal AnalystTo read ""ESG under Attack "" visit:https://business.cch.com/srd/SP_ESG_UnderAttack_07142022_FINAL.pdfContact: To arrange an interview with Brad Rosen  Matthew Garza  Lene Powell or other legal experts from Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. on this or any other legal topics  please contact Linda Gharib: [email protected]About Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk  and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.03,0.53,0.43,negative,0.02,0.13,0.85,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Experts', 'Anti-ESG Litigation', 'Attack', 'Legislation', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'standard company diversity trainings', 'Wolters Kluwer legal experts', 'other legal experts', 'conservative advocacy groups', 'climate disclosure proposal', 'Stop WOKE Act', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Senior Legal Analyst', 'other legal topics', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'new Strategic Perspective', 'other red states', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'new battle lines', 'regulatory sectors', 'legal demands', 'unstoppable momentum', 'fierce opposition', 'fiery rhetoric', 'corporate leaders', 'state officials', 'ideological positions', 'careful course', 'increasing number', 'ESG-related investor', 'investment managers', 'political battles', 'corporate landscape', 'Brad Rosen', 'J.D.', 'Matthew Garza', 'Managing Editor', 'Lene Powell', 'daily basis', 'Supreme Court', 'criminal sanctions', 'down market', 'investment strategy', 'same time', 'broad net', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'financial interests', 'future promise', 'professional information', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'ESG policies', 'ESG products', 'abortion services', ""ESG' laws"", 'legislation', 'lawsuits', 'companies', 'entities', 'funds', 'Attack', 'actions', 'insight', 'regulations', 'campaign', 'corporations', 'near', 'aftermath', 'Roe', 'Wade', 'Texas', 'employees', 'Challenges', 'summer', 'question', 'success', 'example', 'afoul', 'Florida', 'cch', 'srd', 'FINAL', 'interview', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'risk', 'compliance', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'Email', 'SOURCE']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,prnewswire.com
7850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://nation.africa/kenya/business/unmasked-kenya-oil-barons-minting-millions-3882978,Unmasked: Kenya’s oil barons minting millions in the now lucrative trade,<p>Over 100 companies are licensed to import petroleum products  but only less than 20 have consistently won the tender for years.</p>,When the Narc administration of President Mwai Kibaki assumed power in 2002  the petroleum industry was a war zone  an illustration of Charles Darwin’s concept of survival of the fittest.Oil dealers were free to import petroleum products from anywhere  and sell them at whatever price.The obvious result was that companies would look to have the lowest pump prices by importing from the cheapest possible source  at times disregarding quality.Also Read: Four firms picked to steady fuel suppliesAside from the quality risk  there were no rules to govern fair competition. It was a chaotic market.Radical changes in several sectors finally got to the petroleum industry on January 1  2004 with the introduction of the Open Tender System (OTS).Legislative amendments to Cap 116 of the Petroleum Act directed that the old way of importing fuel be abandoned for the OTS.Under the OTS  the Energy and Petroleum Regulatory Authority (Epra) would license individual companies to import all the fuel products required for a particular month.Other oil dealers would then buy fuel from the OTS winner and then sell it to the general public.All dealers would access fuel from the winning bidder at the same price.The new system had good intentions – to ensure a level playing field for all oil-marketing companies while regulating the quality of fuel consumed locally.The Ministry of Energy and Petroleum was tasked with managing the OTS  and coming up with rules to govern the procurement process.But nearly two decades down the line  the OTS is attracting more controversy than praise  owing to the clandestine management and limited release of information regarding importers and the bidding process.Epra has licensed over 100 companies to import petroleum products through the OTS  but only less than 20 have consistently won the tender for years on end.Data obtained from Epra officials on the OTS shows that Oryx Energies (Switzerland)  Asharami Energy (Nigeria)  Gulf Energy (France) and Gapco (France) are the most consistent foreign-owned companies that win OTS tenders.The big local players with a somewhat guaranteed seat at the OTS high table are E3 Energy  Galana Oil  Texas Energy  Hashi Energy  Riva Petroleum Dealers  Petro Oil Kenya and Hass Petroleum.The ownership status of another big player  Fossil Fuel Products  is unknown as its ownership records are unavailable at the Business Registration Service.Records from the Ministry of Petroleum and Mining show that Gulf Energy will be the single largest importer of petrol to be consumed between mid-August and mid-September. It will import 170 752 cubic metres of the fuel.Galana Oil and Texas Energy will each import another 85 124 cubic metres of petrol.Last week Gulf Energy imported 73 710 cubic metres of aviation fuel that will cover the mid-July to mid-August period.The company  owned by France’s Rubis Energy following a 2020 acquisition  had the lowest bid to supply petrol.The French multinational stepped into the Kenyan market in 2017 when it incorporated Rubis Energy Kenya PLC.Rubis Energy Kenya PLC first bought a 24.99 percent stake in KenolKobil  which was owned by the family of the late former Cabinet minister Nicholas Biwott.Also Read: Intrigues that led to the deportation of Rubis bossRecords at the Business Registration Service show that Rubis borrowed $50 million (Sh5.9 billion) in February 2019. The timing indicates that the money could have been used to finance its takeover of KenolKobil and Gulf Energy.Two years later  Rubis bought out all other KenolKobil shareholders  parting with Sh36 billion for a branch network that extends to Uganda  Rwanda  Tanzania  Zambia  Burundi and Ethiopia.Rubis then used KenolKobil to buy Gulf Energy and paid Sh15.2 billion for the business.The French firm has  however  sued the previous Gulf Energy owners  seeking a Sh4.1 billion refund on the grounds that the acquired company’s books were cooked to inflate its value.Rubis used aggressive data recovery techniques to mine deleted data from computers that were acquired from Gulf Energy during the takeover. Gulf Energy has cited privacy violations in its response to the suit.Rubis Energie SAS  the parent company in France  is listed on Euronext Paris  the securities exchange in France’s capital. The parent firm is registered as a limited partnership.A limited partnership involves individuals going into business together  but they are only financially liable up to the amount they have pumped into the venture.Groupe Industriel Marcel Dassault  a company owned by the family of Marcel Dassault  is the largest individual shareholder. The Dassault family owns 5.75 percent of Rubis Energie SAS.US-registered investment firm Tweedy  Browne owns five per cent of Rubis. UK-based firm BlackRock holds a 5.07 percent stake.Rubis founder Gilles Gobin owns a 0.171 percent stake. Mr Gobin founded Rubis in 1990. He also controls a 1.132 percent stake through Sogerma  a management company. Sogerma is also listed as a Rubis partner.Another company listed as a Rubis partner  Agena  owns 0.909 shares.The multinational’s board of directors holds a 0.131 stake in Rubis.Members of the supervisory board are Chantal Mazzacurati  Oliver Heckenroth  Nils Christian Bergene  Herve Claquin  Carole Fiquemont  Marie-Helene Dessailly  Laure Grimonpret-Tahon  Aurelie Goulart-Lechevalier  Marc-Oliver Lauren and Erik Pointillart.The French government holds a 0.056 per cent stake  while the company’s employees have shares equivalent to 1.321 percent of Rubis.Over 75 percent of Rubis shares are traded openly on Euronext Paris.Kenya is among 41 countries across Africa  Europe and the Caribbean where Rubis has operations.Oryx Energies SA  another regular OTS winner  is a Swiss multinational that has had a presence in Kenya since 2004.The Geneva-based company owns 99 shares in the Kenyan subsidiary.Overseas Petroleum Holdings Limited owns one share. The registration details in our possession only show that it is a foreign company  but do not specify where the company is registered.Oryx Energies SA is privately owned by the Addax and Oryx Group (AOG)  which is registered in Malta.In 2017  the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) revealed the faces behind AOG when they released the Paradise Papers – a dossier of 13.4 million files detailing the offshore activities of national leaders  wealthy individuals and companies.Also Read: Treasury shakes up tax claims by oil marketers to curb evasionIndividuals listed as shareholders are Canary Islands businessman Alejandro Roque  the family of former Nigerian intelligence chief Ali-Shinkafi Umaru  former Total Energies Asia managing director Emmanuel De Reynies  Oryx Energies SA CEO Moussa Diao  Oryx Energies SA Board chair Arnaud Jean Talabardon  and AOG insiders Hugues De Montauzon  Pierre Bottin and Laurence Heelein.Others are Extraware GMBH managing partner Thierry Genthialon  Enterprise Power Limited founder Nikolai Germann  US-based Nigerian national Oladayu Oluchukwu Kusamoto  Lagos-based businessman Folake Adele-Adewole  Swiss national Isabelle Borel Warpelin  lawyers Vincent Labruyare  Frederique Dominique Lorencau  Peter Newman  Francois Jaclot  Afolabi Oladele and Michael Samuel Ebsray.Several shadowy companies are also listed as shareholders.Oryx Energies will ship in 171 280 cubic metres of kerosene expected to be consumed between mid-August and mid-September.In the April-June cycle  Oryx featured prominently alongside another foreign-owned dealer  Asharami Energy  in the supply of petrol. Asharami shipped in 230 350 cubic metres of petrol.Locally  the group trades as Asharami Synergy Limited. The firm was incorporated on April 27  2014. The sole owner is Asharami Energy (Kenya) Limited  which holds all 100 shares.Dubai-based Sahara Energy Resources DMCC owns 999 shares in Asharami Energy (Kenya) Limited. Nigerian national Adebola Adesanya Ewaoluwa  who is also the Asharami country manager  owns one share.Sahara Energy DMCC is privately owned  making it difficult to confirm its shareholders and details submitted to the United Arab Emirates business registration body.But data on Sahara’s website shows that the group’s original owners  who started operations in 1996  are Nigerian nationals who chose to have their parent company registered in Dubai.“In 2009  Asharani became the first indigenous aviation fuel marketing company with an IATA strategic partnership in Nigeria ” Asharami Synergy’s website states.The only other foreign firm that imported petroleum products in the April-June cycle was London-based Vivo Energy  which trades as Shell in African markets.Vivo Energy set foot in Kenya slightly over a month before Kenya attained independence. Vivo Energy Kenya Limited was incorporated on November 3  1963. Both firms listed as shareholders in the local subsidiary are companies registered in the Netherlands.Vivo Energy Kenya Holdings BV owns 68 050 949 shares in the local subsidiary. Vivo Energy Uganda Holdings BV owns one share.Both shareholders are subsidiaries of London-based Vivo Energy PLC  which has incorporated several other companies in the Netherlands that are used to own various operations in Africa.Dutch energy dealer Vitol is in the process of acquiring all of Vivo Energy PLC in a deal that will see the former part with an estimated $2.3 billion (Sh272.4 billion).In December 2021  the takeover faced opposition from some shareholders  stalling Vitol’s plans to control the Shell brand in Africa. There is no indication  however  that the takeover deal has collapsed.This means buying out Nigerian-owned private equity fund Helios Investment Partners  which previously owned about 40 percent of Vivo Energy PLC.Nigerians Tope Lawani and Babatunde Soyoye founded Helios in 2004. The fund previously owned 24.99 percent of Equity Bank before divesting.One of Vivo Energy’s biggest rivals  Total Energies  occasionally throws its hat in the ring for fuel import deals.Total Energies’ shares are traded on Euronext Paris. Interestingly  the company’s employees own 6.8 percent of Total Energies.American investment firm Blackrock Inc owns 6.2 percent. About 87 percent of the company’s shares are traded on Euronext Paris.While the firm runs its petrol stations under the Total Energies brand  the French multinational participates in the OTS under its subsidiary Gulf African Petroleum Corporation (Gapco).Gapco was previously owned by two companies – India’s Reliance Exploration and Production  and Fortune Oil Corporation.Total bought Gapco for an undisclosed fee in 2017. The French giant opted to stay out of the July-September OTS cycle  but has previously made billions importing petroleum products.,negative,0.03,0.23,0.74,mixed,0.08,0.12,0.8,True,English,"['oil barons', 'lucrative trade', 'Kenya', 'millions', 'late former Cabinet minister Nicholas Biwott', 'aggressive data recovery techniques', 'Groupe Industriel Marcel Dassault', 'Business Registration Service show', 'previous Gulf Energy owners', 'Rubis Energy Kenya PLC', 'Petro Oil Kenya', 'President Mwai Kibaki', 'cheapest possible source', 'level playing field', 'single largest importer', 'Sh4.1 billion refund', 'five per cent', 'lowest pump prices', 'big local players', 'largest individual shareholder', 'US-registered investment firm', 'Rubis Energie SAS', 'Petroleum Regulatory Authority', 'consistent foreign-owned companies', 'steady fuel supplies', 'Other oil dealers', 'Open Tender System', 'other KenolKobil shareholders', 'OTS high table', 'Riva Petroleum Dealers', 'The Dassault family', 'Rubis boss Records', 'Fossil Fuel Products', 'new system', 'big player', 'lowest bid', 'Galana Oil', 'individual companies', 'petroleum products', 'French firm', 'parent firm', 'UK-based firm', 'Asharami Energy', 'E3 Energy', 'Texas Energy', 'Hashi Energy', 'Rubis founder', 'Rubis partner', 'Narc administration', 'petroleum industry', 'war zone', 'Charles Darwin', 'obvious result', 'Four firms', 'fair competition', 'chaotic market', 'Radical changes', 'several sectors', 'Legislative amendments', 'Petroleum Act', 'old way', 'particular month', 'general public', 'winning bidder', 'good intentions', 'The Ministry', 'procurement process', 'clandestine management', 'limited release', 'bidding process', 'Oryx Energies', 'Hass Petroleum', 'ownership status', 'ownership records', '170,752 cubic metres', '85,124 cubic metres', '73,710 cubic metres', 'French multinational', 'Kenyan market', 'branch network', 'privacy violations', 'Euronext Paris', 'securities exchange', 'limited partnership', 'Gilles Gobin', 'Mr Gobin', 'oil-marketing companies', '24.99 percent stake', '5.07 percent stake', '0.171 percent stake', '1.132 percent stake', 'aviation fuel', 'same price', 'mid-August period', 'OTS winner', 'OTS tenders', 'quality risk', 'Epra officials', 'parent company', 'management company', '100 companies', '5.75 percent', 'OTS.', 'power', 'illustration', 'concept', 'survival', 'fittest', 'times', 'rules', 'January', 'introduction', 'Cap', 'line', 'controversy', 'praise', 'information', 'importers', 'less', 'years', 'Switzerland', 'Nigeria', 'France', 'Gapco', 'seat', 'Mining', 'mid-September', 'mid-July', '2020 acquisition', 'Intrigues', 'deportation', 'February', 'timing', 'money', 'takeover', 'Sh36', 'Uganda', 'Rwanda', 'Tanzania', 'Zambia', 'Burundi', 'Ethiopia', 'grounds', 'books', 'value', 'computers', 'response', 'suit', 'individuals', 'amount', 'venture', 'Tweedy', 'Browne', 'BlackRock', 'Sogerma']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,nation.africa
7860,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@thje08ah @MartinViecha @say When the EU allow us to hold US shares directly and not through Euroclear etc.,nan,@thje08ah @MartinViecha @say When the EU allow us to hold US shares directly and not through Euroclear etc.,neutral,0.03,0.71,0.26,neutral,0.03,0.71,0.26,True,English,"['US shares', 'thje08ah', 'MartinViecha', 'EU', 'US shares', 'thje08ah', 'MartinViecha', 'EU']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7861,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@cryptotillitblo I would be nice if @euroclear would allow conversion of Russian DR into underlying shares just lik… https://t.co/BJBA35UME2,nan,@cryptotillitblo I would be nice if @euroclear would allow conversion of Russian DR into underlying shares just lik… https://t.co/BJBA35UME2,positive,0.98,0.01,0.01,positive,0.98,0.01,0.01,True,English,"['Russian DR', 'underlying shares', 'cryptotillitblo', 'conversion', 'BJBA35UME2', 'Russian DR', 'underlying shares', 'cryptotillitblo', 'conversion', 'BJBA35UME2']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7862,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EuroclearGroup @Taskize I would be nice if @euroclear would allow conversion of Russian DR into underlying shares… https://t.co/NEIsvOhzUA,nan,@EuroclearGroup @Taskize I would be nice if @euroclear would allow conversion of Russian DR into underlying shares… https://t.co/NEIsvOhzUA,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['Russian DR', 'underlying shares', 'EuroclearGroup', 'Taskize', 'conversion', 'NEIsvOhzUA', 'Russian DR', 'underlying shares', 'EuroclearGroup', 'Taskize', 'conversion', 'NEIsvOhzUA']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7863,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,ISO 20022 Migration - SWIFT Transaction Management - Euroclear https://t.co/vkgxMQvFy8,nan,ISO 20022 Migration - SWIFT Transaction Management - Euroclear https://t.co/vkgxMQvFy8,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['SWIFT Transaction Management', 'ISO 20022 Migration', 'vkgxMQvFy8', 'SWIFT Transaction Management', 'ISO 20022 Migration', 'vkgxMQvFy8']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7864,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EuroclearGroup I would be nice if @euroclear would allow conversion of Russian DR into underlying shares just like… https://t.co/MEs7OkbxmN,nan,@EuroclearGroup I would be nice if @euroclear would allow conversion of Russian DR into underlying shares just like… https://t.co/MEs7OkbxmN,positive,0.97,0.02,0.01,positive,0.97,0.02,0.01,True,English,"['Russian DR', 'underlying shares', 'conversion', 'MEs7OkbxmN', 'Russian DR', 'underlying shares', 'conversion', 'MEs7OkbxmN']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7865,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Flywire acquires Aussie education paytech Cohort Go #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/tln1F7IaUa #regtech,nan,Flywire acquires Aussie education paytech Cohort Go #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/tln1F7IaUa #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Aussie education paytech Cohort Go', 'Flywire', 'Fintech', 'tln1F7IaUa', 'regtech', 'Aussie education paytech Cohort Go', 'Flywire', 'Fintech', 'tln1F7IaUa', 'regtech']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7866,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Finastra and HSBC partner up to deliver BaaS FX offering #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/uvTRZzEfPX #regtech,nan,Finastra and HSBC partner up to deliver BaaS FX offering #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/uvTRZzEfPX #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['BaaS FX offering', 'Finastra', 'HSBC', 'Fintech', 'uvTRZzEfPX', 'regtech', 'BaaS FX offering', 'Finastra', 'HSBC', 'Fintech', 'uvTRZzEfPX', 'regtech']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7867,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,UK challenger Kroo expands partnership with ClearBank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/sUuHYwegT8 #regtech,nan,UK challenger Kroo expands partnership with ClearBank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/sUuHYwegT8 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['UK challenger Kroo', 'partnership', 'ClearBank', 'Fintech', 'sUuHYwegT8', 'regtech', 'UK challenger Kroo', 'partnership', 'ClearBank', 'Fintech', 'sUuHYwegT8', 'regtech']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7868,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The new #ISO20022 standard is set to change the banking sector. Our #Euroclear experts will help you stay on track… https://t.co/JRosDSpgcf,nan,The new #ISO20022 standard is set to change the banking sector. Our #Euroclear experts will help you stay on track… https://t.co/JRosDSpgcf,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['new #ISO20022 standard', 'banking sector', 'track', 'JRosDSpgcf', 'new #ISO20022 standard', 'banking sector', 'track', 'JRosDSpgcf']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,Unknown
7869,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/93426/origin-develops-tool-for-digitising-debt-markets,Origin develops tool for digitising debt markets,Origin  the London-based fintech digitising debt capital markets  has launched Origin Extract to digitise any manually created bond termsheet  extracting structured data to automate and streamline the processes that depend on them.,Source: OriginOrigin  the London-based fintech digitising debt capital markets  has launched Origin Extract to digitise any manually created bond termsheet  extracting structured data to automate and streamline the processes that depend on them.Origin Extract automatically analyses trade documentation  extracting all relevant information accurately and efficiently  enabling all involved players easy access to standardised  structured trade data. Users can now drag-and-drop PDF termsheets into the Origin platform  and the product uses machine learning (ML) to identify important bond-specific datapoints informed by Airbrush  Origin’s industry-leading interface data standard  launched with the aim of being a universal language for bond issuance market participants.Documentation – slow  repetitive  and prone to errorThe widespread and well-understood frustrations with the current issuance process show it’s not fit for purpose  riddled with complexity  manual tasks  repetitive data entry and a high risk of inaccuracy or error. Bond settlement can take up to five days – a process complicated by the number of different parties involved. From the initial creation of the termsheet  right through to final terms and settlement  the information about a trade has to be passed through different systems  at different stages  by multiple market participants. Documents typically exist as PDFs  which require each party to re-key and proof the terms of the PDF into their own system at each change of hands. The demand from market participants is clear. Exchanges  IPAs and clearing houses alike have expressed a need for a streamlined process and structured trade data.Origin’s platform already structures and stores data for trades that take place within the Documentation product  meaning dealers and issuers alike can use the platform to collaborate on documents and through automation of the process  can work more effectively and efficiently together. For any trade that is not happening on the platform yet  Origin Extract creates a new path to digitise the trade and automate its processing.Streamlining the processAttempts to optimise the documentation process do exist – from mandated standardised templates  or the use of optical character recognition (OCR) technology – however their success levels vary and as such the industry-wide problem endures. Origin Extract has been launched with the aim of paving the way to a world in which the entire process is seamless  accurate and efficient. Importantly  it is integrated into the Origin Documentation product  and works as a complement to Origin’s existing Termsheet Generator. By having two entryways into the workflow  users can ensure structured data is never missed.John Judeh  Lead Product Manager at Origin  said: “We see this as an essential step in paving the way to more seamless and efficient bond issuance. This will enable more effective collaboration between market participants by adding automation to a greater proportion of issuances. This is a big step towards our mission of enabling a fully digitised debt issuance market.”Raja Palaniappan  CEO at Origin  said: “Origin Extract is another arrow in Origin’s quiver as we make progress on our mission to digitise the entire bond issuance process. The development of Origin Extract shows the value of our team’s commitment to constant improvement  innovation  and experimentation. The entire Origin platform was built internally by our world-class team of engineers and designers  and it’s fantastic to see that talent produce exciting new developments such as this one.”Origin Extract is the latest addition to the Origin product suite which already includes Origin Marketplace  which brings together investment banks and frequent borrowers to identify issuance opportunities; Origin Documentation  which automates document creation (such as termsheets  final terms  and accession letters); and Origin Post-Trade  which sends data to exchanges  agents and clearing houses without any human intervention through APIs. Last year  Origin also launched Airbrush  a universal data standard for bond issuance  alongside an “instant ISIN” feature to allow automated allocation to Eurobonds for frequent issuers  both in partnership with Clearstream (the Luxembourg Stock Exchange also supported on Airbrush).Origin announced its Series A round closed at $7 million at the end of 2020  led by Clearstream and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  which brought total funding to $10 million.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.27,0.13,0.59,True,English,"['debt markets', 'Origin', 'tool', 'London-based fintech digitising debt capital markets', 'industry-leading interface data standard', 'bond issuance market participants', 'entire bond issuance process', 'debt issuance market', 'standardised, structured trade data', 'important bond-specific datapoints', 'optical character recognition', 'instant ISIN” feature', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Series A round', 'efficient bond issuance', 'multiple market participants', 'exciting new developments', 'repetitive data entry', 'universal data standard', 'Lead Product Manager', 'current issuance process', 'existing Termsheet Generator', 'Origin product suite', 'entire Origin platform', 'Origin Documentation product', 'structured data', 'standardised templates', 'entire process', 'issuance opportunities', 'bond termsheet', 'universal language', 'new path', 'Bond settlement', 'easy access', 'machine learning', 'manual tasks', 'high risk', 'five days', 'different parties', 'initial creation', 'different systems', 'different stages', 'clearing houses', 'streamlined process', 'documentation process', 'OCR) technology', 'success levels', 'industry-wide problem', 'two entryways', 'John Judeh', 'essential step', 'effective collaboration', 'greater proportion', 'big step', 'Raja Palaniappan', 'constant improvement', 'latest addition', 'investment banks', 'frequent borrowers', 'document creation', 'accession letters', 'human intervention', 'automated allocation', 'total funding', 'trade documentation', 'Origin Extract', 'Origin Marketplace', 'Origin Post-Trade', 'final terms', 'relevant information', 'world-class team', 'frequent issuers', 'PDF termsheets', 'Source', 'processes', 'players', 'Users', 'Airbrush', 'aim', 'error', 'widespread', 'frustrations', 'purpose', 'complexity', 'inaccuracy', 'number', 'Documents', 'PDFs', 'party', 'hands', 'demand', 'Exchanges', 'IPAs', 'need', 'trades', 'dealers', 'automation', 'processing', 'Attempts', 'complement', 'workflow', 'seamless', 'issuances', 'mission', 'CEO', 'arrow', 'quiver', 'progress', 'value', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'experimentation', 'engineers', 'designers', 'talent', 'one', 'agents', 'APIs', 'Eurobonds', 'partnership', 'Clearstream', 'end']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finextra.com
7870,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,The Italian online broker Directa has signed an agreement with Clearstream to provide Italian investors with access… https://t.co/ESCVqkUKP9,nan,The Italian online broker Directa has signed an agreement with Clearstream to provide Italian investors with access… https://t.co/ESCVqkUKP9,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['The Italian online broker Directa', 'Italian investors', 'agreement', 'Clearstream', 'access', 'ESCVqkUKP9', 'The Italian online broker Directa', 'Italian investors', 'agreement', 'Clearstream', 'access', 'ESCVqkUKP9']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7871,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Directa  @Clearstream and CACEIS Partner to Offer Italian Investors Investment Funds#forex #fx #forexbroker… https://t.co/ZO9opJkxKF,nan,Directa  @Clearstream and CACEIS Partner to Offer Italian Investors Investment Funds#forex #fx #forexbroker… https://t.co/ZO9opJkxKF,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Italian Investors Investment Funds', 'CACEIS Partner', 'Directa', 'Clearstream', 'forex', 'fx', 'ZO9opJkxKF', 'Italian Investors Investment Funds', 'CACEIS Partner', 'Directa', 'Clearstream', 'forex', 'fx', 'ZO9opJkxKF']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7872,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Great news for commuters in those parts of Cork @tmfcork @Clearstream @GreenSchoolsIre @SouthernAssembl @SECADCork… https://t.co/req9R222TC,nan,Great news for commuters in those parts of Cork @tmfcork @Clearstream @GreenSchoolsIre @SouthernAssembl @SECADCork… https://t.co/req9R222TC,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Great news', 'commuters', 'parts', 'Cork', 'Clearstream', 'GreenSchoolsIre', 'SouthernAssembl', 'req9R222TC', 'Great news', 'commuters', 'parts', 'Cork', 'Clearstream', 'GreenSchoolsIre', 'SouthernAssembl', 'req9R222TC']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7873,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Directa To Offer Investment Funds To Italian Investors In Partnership With Clearstream And CACEIS https://t.co/Kl0IOSbkdy,nan,Directa To Offer Investment Funds To Italian Investors In Partnership With Clearstream And CACEIS https://t.co/Kl0IOSbkdy,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Investment Funds', 'Italian Investors', 'Directa', 'Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'CACEIS', 'Kl0IOSbkdy', 'Investment Funds', 'Italian Investors', 'Directa', 'Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'CACEIS', 'Kl0IOSbkdy']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7874,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@nikolamotor Again: Clearstream  the international central securities depository(ICSD) based in Luxembourg  is not… https://t.co/wq3w7jYzGs,nan,@nikolamotor Again: Clearstream  the international central securities depository(ICSD) based in Luxembourg  is not… https://t.co/wq3w7jYzGs,negative,0.01,0.48,0.51,negative,0.01,0.48,0.51,True,English,"['international central securities depository', 'nikolamotor', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD', 'Luxembourg', 'wq3w7jYzGs', 'international central securities depository', 'nikolamotor', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD', 'Luxembourg', 'wq3w7jYzGs']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7875,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,New opportunities for Italian retail #investors:  Together with @directasim and @CACEIS  #Clearstream provides acc… https://t.co/355ii3KgRQ,nan,New opportunities for Italian retail #investors:  Together with @directasim and @CACEIS  #Clearstream provides acc… https://t.co/355ii3KgRQ,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Italian retail #investors', 'New opportunities', '55ii3KgRQ', 'Italian retail #investors', 'New opportunities', '55ii3KgRQ']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7876,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/doug-kohrs-appointed-sequana-medical-050000105.html,Doug Kohrs appointed to Sequana Medical Board of Directors,Highly experienced US medtech leader brings more than 40 years’ experience Ghent  Belgium – 19 July 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the...,"Sequana Medical NVHighly experienced US medtech leader brings more than 40 years’ experienceGhent  Belgium – 19 July 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of drug-resistant fluid overload in liver disease and heart failure  today announces the appointment of Doug Kohrs as an independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Kohrs is a highly experienced US executive with a track record of more than 40 years in the medical device industry.“Doug Kohrs brings tremendous experience to our Board from his many roles as a founder and executive of leading medical technology companies ” said Pierre Chauvineau  Chairman of the Board at Sequana Medical. “Doug’s arrival is perfectly timed as we build towards the commercial launch of alfapump® in North America and our ambition to list in the US. His extensive experience building successful medtech companies  with multiple financing and strategic transactions will be invaluable as we continue to grow our business.”Mr. Kohrs added: “I look forward to working with the Sequana Medical Board and management team to successfully bring the alfapump and DSR treatments to patients in need. Drug-resistant fluid overload is a big challenge  particularly in the US where NASH is an increasing problem and each year 200 000 heart failure patients are repeatedly hospitalized with fluid overload. Based on real world patient experiences and clinical trial results  I believe that Sequana Medical is well-positioned to help these patients.”Mr. Kohrs currently serves as the President and CEO of Responsive Arthroscopy  a company he founded that focusses on innovative surgical solutions for orthopedic surgery centers. In 2013  he also founded Responsive Orthopedics  a value-based medical device company  where he served as CEO until it was acquired by Medtronic in June 2016. From 2006 to 2012  he was CEO and President of Tornier NV  and from 1999 to 2005 he was CEO and President of American Medical Systems. Mr. Kohrs was also a founder of Spine Tech  a pioneering spinal surgery company  where he worked in R&D and Marketing roles from 1991 to 1998. Prior to that  he spent seven years with Johnson and Johnson Orthopedics as the Chief Designer for the Press Fit Condylar (PFC) knee and PFC hip systems.Story continuesMr. Kohrs currently serves on the Board of Directors of Cerapedics  Lima Orthopedics  Osteal Therapeutics  UroTronic  and Vergent Bioscience. Mr. Kohrs has previously served on the public company boards of ev3 (acquired by Covidien)  Kyphon (acquired by Medtronic)  and Protolabs  and the private company boards of Imascap (acquired by Wright Medical)  Pioneer Surgical (acquired by RTI Surgical)  SpineCore (acquired by Stryker)  and five other boards. Mr. Kohrs holds a B.S. in Bioengineering from Texas A&M University  a B.A. in Engineering Sciences from Austin College and an MBA from Northeastern University.The appointment of Mr. Kohrs is subject to the approval of the Board of Directors and will also be submitted for approval to the Company’s next Meeting of Shareholders. His appointment is effective as of today.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalFor EU investors: For US investors: Lies Vanneste Amy Sullivan Director Investor Relations Consultant to Sequana Medical Email: IR@sequanamedical.com Email: amy.sullivan@sequanamedical.com Tel: +32 498 05 35 79Optimum Strategic CommunicationsFor media: Nick Bastin  Rebecca Noonan Tel: +44 (0) 20 3922 0900 Email: Sequana@optimumcomms.comAbout Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating drug-resistant fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease and heart failure. Fluid overload is a well-recognized problem in these growing diseases  causing severe problems for the large number of patients for whom current medicines are no longer effective. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical’s proprietary approaches that work with the body to remove this excess fluid  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com .Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is not currently approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is not currently approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® and alfapump DSR® are registered trademarks in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.47,0.16,0.37,True,English,"['Sequana Medical Board', 'Doug Kohrs', 'Directors', 'Lies Vanneste Amy Sullivan Director', 'real world patient experiences', 'leading medical technology companies', 'Texas A&M University', 'pioneering spinal surgery company', 'value-based medical device company', 'independent Non-Executive Director', 'successful medtech companies', 'orthopedic surgery centers', 'medical device industry', 'Press Fit Condylar', 'five other boards', 'Investor Relations Consultant', 'up to 15 liters', 'Important Regulatory Disclaimers', 'clinical trial results', 'frequent clinical complication', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'innovative surgical solutions', 'American Medical Systems', 'public company boards', 'private company boards', 'PFC hip systems', 'major medical issues', 'drug-resistant fluid overload', 'US medtech leader', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'POSEIDON clinical study', 'The alfapump® system', 'experienced US executive', 'Sequana Medical Email', 'Sequana Medical Board', '200,000 heart failure patients', 'major clinical', 'B.A.', 'Northeastern University', 'POSEIDON Study', 'Tornier NV', 'Wright Medical', 'healthcare systems', 'clinical investigation', 'strategic transactions', 'PFC) knee', 'extra fluid', 'excess fluid', 'RTI Surgical', 'alfapump system', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'Mr. Kohrs', 'track record', 'tremendous experience', 'many roles', 'Pierre Chauvineau', 'commercial launch', 'North America', 'extensive experience', 'multiple financing', 'management team', 'big challenge', 'Responsive Arthroscopy', 'Responsive Orthopedics', 'Spine Tech', 'R&D', 'Marketing roles', 'Chief Designer', 'Lima Orthopedics', 'Osteal Therapeutics', 'Vergent Bioscience', 'B.S.', 'Engineering Sciences', 'Austin College', 'next Meeting', 'EU investors', 'US investors', 'Nick Bastin', 'Rebecca Noonan', 'growing diseases', 'severe problems', 'large number', 'current medicines', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'difficult breathing', 'restricted mobility', 'daily life', 'proprietary approaches', 'life benefits', 'United States', 'recurrent ascites', '40 years’ experience', 'Doug Kohrs', 'DSR treatments', 'seven years', 'Pioneer Surgical', 'DSR® therapy', 'increasing problem', 'Johnson Orthopedics', 'SEQUA.BR', 'adult patients', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '19 July', 'appointment', 'founder', 'Chairman', 'arrival', 'ambition', 'business', 'need', 'NASH', 'President', 'CEO', 'Medtronic', 'June', 'Story', 'Directors', 'Cerapedics', 'UroTronic', 'ev3', 'Covidien', 'Kyphon', 'Protolabs', 'Imascap', 'SpineCore', 'Stryker', 'Bioengineering', 'MBA', 'approval', 'Shareholders', 'today', 'information', 'sequanamedical', 'media', 'optimumcomms', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'mortality', 'body', 'quality', 'costs', 'Ticker', 'Canada', 'refractory', 'cirrhosis', 'poseidonstudy', 'development', 'statements', 'safety', '44']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7877,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marel-transactions-relation-share-buyback-120000279.html,Marel: Transactions in relation to a share buyback program,During the days 9 - 15 July 2022 Marel hf. purchased 45 970 of its own shares on Euronext Amsterdam at the purchase price of EUR 224 183. See further details...,"Marel hf.During the days 9 - 15 July 2022 Marel hf. purchased 45 970 of its own shares on Euronext Amsterdam at the purchase price of EUR 224 183. See further details in attachment and on Marel’s website: marel.com/buybackThe trade is in accordance with Marel’s buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam  announced on 1 June 2022  which is based on the authorization of Marel hf.´s Annual General Meeting regarding the purchase of own shares on 16 March 2022.Marel hf. held 18 023 121 own shares prior to the notified transactions or the equivalent to 2.34% of issued shares in the company and held 18 069 091 own shares after the transactions  or the equivalent of 2.34% of issued shares in the company.Marel hf. has purchased a total of 4 000 000 own shares under the buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland  which has now been discontinued  for a total purchase price of ISK 2 393 302 556 and a total of 364 641 own shares under the buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam for a total purchase price of EUR 1 618 463.Buybacks under both programs will amount to a total maximum of 5 000 000 shares  thereof 4 000 000 on Nasdaq Iceland and 1 000 000 on Euronext Amsterdam  or the equivalent of total 0.65% of issued shares. The maximum total purchase price of the program on Euronext Amsterdam is up to EUR 5 590 000. The buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland was in effect from 1 June 2022 and was discontinued after 1 July 2022  when the maximum number of shares to be purchased was reached. The buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam is in effect from 2 June 2022 until and including 2 September 2022.The buyback program is executed in accordance with Chapter VIII. of the Icelandic Act No. 2/1995 on Public Limited Companies  Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse (""MAR"")  and the Commission’s delegated regulation 2016/1052 cf. also Icelandic Act No. 6/2021 on measures against Market Abuse.Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.Story continuesAbout MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 500 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Marel', 'Transactions', 'relation', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'maximum total purchase price', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Public Limited Companies', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'total maximum', 'maximum number', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Chapter VIII', 'Icelandic Act', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'buyback program', 'Regulation No.', 'Marel hf', 'total 0.', 'days', 'July', 'shares', 'details', 'attachment', 'website', 'trade', 'accordance', '1 June', 'authorization', '16 March', 'transactions', 'equivalent', 'company', '4,000,000 own', 'ISK', 'Buybacks', 'programs', 'effect', '2 June', '2 September', 'Council', 'Commission', 'measures', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'Story', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,500 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', '121', '091', '364,641']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7878,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220718005859/en/Liberty-Global-Continues-Network-Transformation-in-Europe-With-Telenet-Fluvius-Partnership-in-Belgium,Liberty Global Continues Network Transformation in Europe With Telenet/ Fluvius Partnership in Belgium,DENVER  Colorado--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Liberty Global plc (“Liberty Global” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ: LBTYA  LBTYB and LBTYK) subsidiary Telenet Group Holding NV (‘Telenet’ - Euronext Brussels: TNET) and Fluvius System Operator (‘Fluvius’) have today entered int…,DENVER  Colorado--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Liberty Global plc (“Liberty Global” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ: LBTYA  LBTYB and LBTYK) subsidiary Telenet Group Holding NV (‘Telenet’ - Euronext Brussels: TNET) and Fluvius System Operator (‘Fluvius’) have today entered into a highly attractive and binding agreement to create the network of the future in Flanders.The companies will incorporate a new independent self-funding infrastructure company  “NetCo”  of which Telenet will own 66.8% and Fluvius 33.2%. Combining both companies’ fixed network assets  NetCo will invest in the gradual evolution of its current hybrid fiber coaxial (“HFC”) network into a Fiber-to-the-Home (“FTTH”) network  targeting 78% of their combined footprint in Flanders by 2038  either through building directly or with external partners  or through wholesale arrangements. NetCo will also focus on upgrading the existing hybrid fiber coaxial (HFC) network using state-of-the-art DOCSIS technology where FTTH will not be deployed.Key elements of the agreement follow:A fully-funded  5x levered NetCo will result in improved ownership economics for Telenet as opposed to the current rental arrangement whereby Telenet pays to access the Fluvius network representing 1/3 of the Telenet operating footprint today.NetCo will operate an open access network with a market-leading utilization rate that's positioned to attract additional strategic and/or financial partners.More than 50% of homes passed in NetCo's footprint are very economic to pass with FTTH at an estimated cost per premise of around EUR650.The investment will be financed from NetCo's robust cash flow as well as Telenet's EUR745 million of proceeds from its recent tower divestment  with no dependency on obtaining incremental external financing.At closing  Telenet’s pro forma net debt will decrease by around EUR500 million as Fluvious’ long-term emphyteutic lease will cease to exist. However  in order to maintain Telenet's consolidated net total leverage of around 4x through the CAPEX-intense build period  its dividend will be reset to a floor of EUR1.00 effective immediately. After the build period  CAPEX intensity is expected to materially decrease and return to normalized historical levels  leading to substantial Adjusted Free Cash Flow growth and providing scope for significantly higher shareholder disbursements.Telenet’s partnership with Fluvius is the latest development in the ongoing evolution of Liberty Global’s 10 Gigabit network strategies  utilizing a combination of the best upgrade technologies available  which also include:Full FTTH upgrade of Virgin Media O2’s fixed network in the UK  targeting completion of all 16 million UK homes by 2028. Separately  Liberty Global and Telefonica are seeking financial partners to create a new  independent joint venture that will accelerate full fiber rollout to up to seven million premises in the UK over the next five years.FTTH upgrade of Virgin Media Ireland’s entire footprint  targeting 1m FTTH homes over the next 3 years.VodafoneZiggo currently progressing with longer term HFC plans including DOCSIS 4.0 in the Netherlands  with initial indicative costs at an attractive EUR150-200 per home.A hybrid approach in Switzerland  where Sunrise is deploying a network strategy that incorporates DOCSIS 3.1 and 4.0 upgrade technologies  wholesale and select fiber builds. To support this  Sunrise has recently renewed wholesale terms with Swisscom and SFN  giving long-term visibility on attractive access terms alongside existing HFC network.Mike Fries  CEO  Liberty Global  comments: “This partnership with Fluvius places Telenet firmly in the driver’s seat in the Belgian market  and cements NetCo as the undisputed kingmaker with a combined retail and wholesale market share close to 60%.”“The partnership also highlights the effectiveness of our network strategies. By utilising a combination of the best network upgrade technologies available  we are firmly on the road to offering up to 10 gig broadband speeds in all our markets. Almost 100% of Liberty Global’s networks already offer gigabit speeds to customers today  with VodafoneZiggo due to complete its work to deliver gigabit speeds across its entire network by the end of this year. Our ongoing network development strategies will enable us to extend our leadership positions in each of our core European markets.”ABOUT LIBERTY GLOBALLiberty Global (NASDAQ: LBTYA  LBTYB and LBTYK) is a world leader in converged broadband  video and mobile communications services. We deliver next-generation products through advanced fiber and 5G networks  and currently provide over 85 million fixed and mobile connections* across Europe and the United Kingdom. Our businesses operate under some of the best-known consumer brands  including Virgin Media-O2 in the U.K.  VodafoneZiggo in The Netherlands  Telenet in Belgium  Sunrise in Switzerland  Virgin Media in Ireland and UPC in Slovakia. Through our substantial scale and commitment to innovation  we are building Tomorrow’s Connections Today  investing in the infrastructure and platforms that empower our customers to make the most of the digital revolution  while deploying the advanced technologies that nations and economies need to thrive.Our consolidated businesses generate annual revenue of more than $7.5 billion  while the VodafoneZiggo JV and the VMO2 JV generate combined annual revenue of more than $19 billion.**Liberty Global Ventures  our global investment arm  has a portfolio of more than 75 companies and funds across content  technology and infrastructure  including strategic stakes in companies like ITV  Televisa Univision  Plume  Lionsgate and the Formula E racing series.* Represents aggregate consolidated and 50% owned non-consolidated fixed and mobile subscribers. Includes wholesale mobile subscribers of the VMO2 JV and B2B fixed subscribers of the VodafoneZiggo JV.** Revenue figures above are provided based on full year 2021 Liberty Global consolidated results (excluding revenue from the U.K. JV Entities) and the combined as reported full year 2021 results for the VodafoneZiggo JV and estimated U.S. GAAP full year 2021 results for the VMO2 JV. For more information  please visit www.libertyglobal.com.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.89,0.05,True,English,"['Liberty Global', 'Network Transformation', 'Fluvius Partnership', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'substantial Adjusted Free Cash Flow growth', 'new independent self-funding infrastructure company', 'new, independent joint venture', 'pro forma net debt', 'Fluvious’ long-term emphyteutic lease', 'longer term HFC plans', 'current hybrid fiber coaxial', 'existing hybrid fiber coaxial', 'Telenet Group Holding NV', 'robust cash flow', 'companies’ fixed network assets', 'best network upgrade technologies', 'ongoing network development strategies', 'current rental arrangement', 'net total leverage', 'best upgrade technologies', 'market-leading utilization rate', 'recent tower divestment', 'higher shareholder disbursements', 'initial indicative costs', 'converged broadband, video', 'existing HFC network', 'full fiber rollout', 'seven million premises', 'incremental external financing', 'mobile communications services', 'open access network', '10 gig broadband speeds', 'Virgin Media O2', 'CAPEX-intense build period', 'next five years', 'core European markets', 'wholesale market share', '10 Gigabit network strategies', 'Full FTTH upgrade', 'Fluvius System Operator', '1m FTTH homes', 'Liberty Global plc', 'attractive access terms', 'Virgin Media Ireland', '16 million UK homes', 'Telenet operating footprint', 'substantial scale', '4.0 upgrade technologies', '85 million fixed', 'hybrid approach', 'HFC”) network', 'HFC) network', 'latest development', 'ongoing evolution', 'next 3 years', 'long-term visibility', 'wholesale terms', 'gigabit speeds', 'fiber builds', 'advanced fiber', 'external partners', 'Belgian market', 'Virgin Media-O2', 'FTTH”) network', 'network strategy', 'entire network', 'wholesale arrangements', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'gradual evolution', 'combined footprint', 'Key elements', '5x levered', 'ownership economics', 'additional strategic', 'financial partners', 'CAPEX intensity', 'historical levels', 'entire footprint', 'Mike Fries', 'leadership positions', 'world leader', 'next-generation products', 'mobile connections', 'United Kingdom', 'consumer brands', 'U.K.', 'Fluvius network', 'binding agreement', 'up to', '5G networks', 'The Netherlands', 'DOCSIS technology', 'DOCSIS 3.1', 'DENVER', 'LBTYA', 'LBTYB', 'LBTYK', 'subsidiary', 'TNET', 'future', 'Flanders', 'NetCo', 'building', 'state', '1/3', 'More', 'investment', 'proceeds', 'dependency', 'closing', 'order', 'dividend', 'floor', 'scope', 'partnership', 'combination', 'completion', 'Telefonica', 'VodafoneZiggo', 'Switzerland', 'Sunrise', 'Swisscom', 'SFN', 'CEO', 'driver', 'seat', 'undisputed', 'kingmaker', 'retail', 'effectiveness', 'customers', 'NASDAQ', 'businesses', 'Belgium', 'UPC', 'Slovakia', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'Tomorrow', '66']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,businesswire.com
7879,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marel-preliminary-results-q2-2022-172800581.html,Marel: Preliminary results for Q2 2022 show new record in orders received of EUR 472m  revenues of EUR 397m and operational performance of 6.3% EBIT,Marel’s preliminary and unaudited financial results for 2Q 2022 show new record in orders received of EUR 472m (2Q21: 371m) and revenues of EUR 397m (2Q21...,Marel hf.Marel’s preliminary and unaudited financial results for 2Q 2022 show new record in orders received of EUR 472m (2Q21: 371m) and revenues of EUR 397m (2Q21: 328m). In the quarter  the Wenger acquisition contributed EUR 17m to orders received and EUR 12m to revenues. The preliminary order book of EUR 775m (Mar22: 619m and Jun21: 499m)  including the acquired order book from Wenger and Sleegers of EUR 81m  is at a record high.Operational performance is below expectations resulting in a preliminary EBIT* margin of 6.3% in the quarter (2Q21: 11.8%). Wenger contributed positively to operational performance. In light of continued supply chain disruption and inflation at high levels leading to slower ramp up of revenues than originally planned  Marel is taking firm actions to improve operational performance towards the year-end 2023 targets.To lower costs the difficult decision has been made to reduce headcount by 5% across the global Marel workforce  resulting in estimated annualized cost saving of EUR 20m with one-off cost of around EUR 10m. The strong order book and the full benefit of pricing actions will support gradual ramp up in revenues and improve price/cost coverage and operational performance in the second half of 2022  as stated in the Q1 2022 financial results.The pipeline remains strong fueled by pioneering solutions and scale up in local sales and service coverage globally initiated ahead of the growth curve. Demand from the poultry and fish industries is on a strong run rate  while the outlook for meat is softer and will impact the industry mix. In this inflationary environment with rising commodity prices  labor scarcity and shifting consumer behavior  Marel is uniquely positioned to support the food industry with the use of robotics and digital solutions that enable more automation  safety and traceability.The preliminary results are unaudited and subject to change. Marel will release its Q2 2022 financial statements after market closing of both NASDAQ Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam as scheduled on 27 July 2022.Story continues* Operating income adjusted for PPA related costs  including depreciation and amortization  and acquisition related costs.Q2 2022 investor meeting on 28 July at 10.30 CETOn 28 July 2022  at 10.30am CET (8:30 am GMT)  Marel will host a virtual investor meeting where CEO Arni Oddur Thordarson and COO Linda Jonsdottir will give an overview of the Q2 2022 financial results and operational highlights.The investor presentation is broadcast live on www.marel.com/webcast and recordings will be available after the meeting on marel.com/ir. Members of the investment community can also join the investor meeting through conference call. Details for the webcast and conference call will be published later this week.Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of 7 000+ employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.,neutral,0.09,0.84,0.07,mixed,0.39,0.21,0.4,True,English,"['Preliminary results', 'new record', 'operational performance', 'Marel', 'Q2', 'orders', 'EUR', 'revenues', '6.3% EBIT', 'CEO Arni Oddur Thordarson', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'supply chain disruption', 'slower ramp up', 'gradual ramp up', 'strong run rate', 'rising commodity prices', 'Q2 2022 financial statements', 'COO Linda Jonsdottir', 'leading global provider', 'unaudited financial results', 'Q1 2022 financial results', 'Q2 2022 financial results', 'annualized cost saving', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'PPA related costs', 'strong order book', 'preliminary EBIT* margin', 'Q2 2022 investor meeting', 'virtual investor meeting', 'preliminary order book', 'acquisition related costs', 'global Marel workforce', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'preliminary results', 'one-off cost', 'growth curve', 'investor presentation', 'food industry', 'pet food', 'food production', 'Operational performance', 'high levels', 'firm actions', 'year-end 2023 targets', 'difficult decision', 'full benefit', 'pricing actions', 'price/cost coverage', 'second half', 'local sales', 'service coverage', 'fish industries', 'industry mix', 'inflationary environment', 'labor scarcity', 'consumer behavior', 'market closing', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Operating income', 'operational highlights', 'investment community', 'conference call', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', '7,000+ employees', 'food safety', 'NASDAQ Iceland', 'new record', 'digital solutions', '10.30am CET', 'Marel hf', 'Wenger acquisition', '10.30 CET', '2Q 2022', 'orders', 'revenues', 'quarter', 'Mar22', 'Jun21', 'Sleegers', 'expectations', 'headcount', 'pipeline', 'Demand', 'poultry', 'outlook', 'meat', 'use', 'robotics', 'automation', 'traceability', 'change', '27 July', 'Story', 'depreciation', 'amortization', '28 July', 'GMT', 'overview', 'webcast', 'recordings', 'Members', 'Details', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', '6 continents', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', 'June']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7880,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyxoah-announces-ce-mark-approval-203000675.html,Nyxoah Announces CE Mark Approval for Genio® 2.1,Nyxoah Announces CE Mark Approval for Genio® 2.1 The next generation external activation chip leverages Nyxoah’s scalable platform to continuously enhance...,NyxoahNyxoah Announces CE Mark Approval for Genio® 2.1The next generation external activation chip leverages Nyxoah’s scalable platform to continuously enhance patient comfort and therapy efficacyMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – July 18  2022  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH)(“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the DEKRA Notified Body has approved the use of Nyxoah’s next generation Genio® 2.1 system for patients in Europe. As with the recent approval of Genio® 2.1 by the U.S. FDA for use in the DREAM U.S. IDE pivotal study   this CE mark pertains entirely to the external components of the Genio® system and will be available to all patients who have received Genio® implants.Genio® 2.1 is designed to improve patient comfort and compliance with a new smartphone application and upgraded external activation chip. Genio® 2.1 offers patients daily feedback on therapy usage and the autonomy to adjust stimulation amplitude within pre-defined boundaries. Physicians can fine-tune stimulation amplitude to determine the optimal level of comfort for patients without compromising therapy efficacy. Additional embedded sensors will allow physicians to further tailor therapy stimulation parameters based on patient position and throughout the night.“Genio® 2.1 embodies the patient-centric design and the scalability of the Genio® platform with features that allow for greater customization of therapy to meet individual patient’s needs ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer. “Importantly  these additional features are made available without the need for a surgical procedure to replace the implantable component. We are excited to launch Genio® 2.1 in Europe  strengthening our vision to address the needs of OSA patients with and without Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) and further accelerating market share gains.”Story continuesAbout NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contacts:NyxoahLoic Moreau  Chief Financial Officercorporate@nyxoah.com+32 473 33 19 80Jeremy Feffer  VP IR and Corporate Communicationsjeremy.feffer@nyxoah.com+1 917 749 1494Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.57,0.38,0.05,True,English,"['CE Mark Approval', 'Nyxoah', 'Genio®', 'DREAM U.S. IDE pivotal study', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'next generation external activation chip', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients', 'U.S. federal law', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'next generation Genio® 2.1 system', 'U.S. FDA', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'DEKRA Notified Body', 'new smartphone application', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'market share gains', 'increased mortality risk', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'BLAST OSA study', 'Additional embedded sensors', 'European CE Mark', 'two successful IPOs', 'CE Mark Approval', 'medical technology company', 'therapy stimulation parameters', 'US commercialization approval', 'Nyxoah Loic Moreau', 'external components', 'recent approval', 'successful completion', 'stimulation amplitude', 'therapy efficacy', 'therapy usage', 'competitors’ therapy', 'Genio® system', 'scalable platform', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'daily feedback', 'optimal level', 'patient position', 'patient-centric design', 'greater customization', 'individual patient', 'Olivier Taelman', 'additional features', 'surgical procedure', 'implantable component', 'lead solution', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'VP IR', 'Corporate Communications', 'patient comfort', 'Genio® implants', 'Genio® platform', 'OSA patients', '10:30pm CET', 'investigational use', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Jeremy Feffer', '4:30pm', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'July', 'NYXH', 'development', 'compliance', 'autonomy', 'defined', 'boundaries', 'Physicians', 'scalability', 'needs', 'vision', 'Story', 'world', 'life', 'September', 'expansion', 'information', 'Caution', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2022-07-18,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7881,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-eur-170000844.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30/06/2022.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 28.2477 £ 24.5936 Final MTD return -0.68 % -0.55 % Final YTD return -3.26 % -2.81 % Final ITD return 182.48 % 145.94 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '0.5']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7882,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-gbp-170000098.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30/06/2022.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 28.2477 £ 24.5936 Final MTD return -0.68 % -0.55 % Final YTD return -3.26 % -2.81 % Final ITD return 182.48 % 145.94 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '0.5']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7883,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220719005665/en/Technip-Energies-N.V.---Weekly-Report-Share-Buyback---Week-of-July-11-to-July-15-2022,Technip Energies N.V. - Weekly Report Share Buyback - Week of July 11 to July 15  2022,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares during the week of July 11 to July 15  2022. These transactions were carried out as part of a…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares during the week of July 11 to July 15  2022.These transactions were carried out as part of a buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Name of the Issuer Identify Code of the Issuer (LEI Code) Day of the transaction Identity Code of the Security Total Daily Volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase prices of the shares (in €) Market Identity Code Technip Energies 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 2022-07-11 NL0014559478 35000 12 079318 XPAR Technip Energies 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 2022-07-12 NL0014559478 40000 10 972506 XPAR Technip Energies 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 2022-07-13 NL0014559478 40000 11 079316 XPAR Technip Energies 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 2022-07-14 NL0014559478 40000 10 767594 XPAR Technip Energies 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 2022-07-15 NL0014559478 45000 10 185128 XPAR TOTAL 200000 10 969418For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on https://investors.technipenergies.com/financial-information/notice-trading-own-shares.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies is listed on Euronext Paris with American depositary receipts (“ADRs”) traded over-the-counter in the United States.For further information: https://www.technipenergies.com.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.89,0.06,True,English,"['Technip Energies N.V.', 'Weekly Report Share Buyback', 'July', 'Daily weighted average purchase prices', 'Market Identity Code Technip Energies 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'robust project delivery model', 'Security Total Daily Volume', 'XPAR Technip Energies 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'transaction Identity Code', 'growing market positions', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American depositary receipts', 'investment services provider', 'Technip Energies shares', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Identify Code', 'LEI Code', 'leadership positions', 'services offering', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'buyback program', 'discretionary mandate', 'detailed declaration', 'leading Engineering', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'innovative projects', 'United States', 'PARIS:TE', 'Euronext Paris', 'shares purchases', 'detailed information', 'investors.technipenergies', 'Technology company', 'green hydrogen', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'week', 'July', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'Issuer', 'Day', 'number', 'objectives', 'financial-information', 'notice', 'own-shares', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'ADRs', 'counter', '€']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,businesswire.com
7884,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220719005142/en/Thales-Delivers-Solution-to-Help-SAP-Customers-Control-their-Data-in-the-Cloud,Thales Delivers Solution to Help SAP Customers Control their Data in the Cloud,PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Thales announced a new cloud data protection solution that will protect SAP customers’ sensitive data in SAP applications in public cloud environments. Together  the two companies are offering new capabilities that enable se…,PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Thales announced a new cloud data protection solution that will protect SAP customers’ sensitive data in SAP applications in public cloud environments. Together  the two companies are offering new capabilities that enable security teams to own and centralise the control of their encryption keys across public clouds while helping meet compliance and regulatory requirements.The solution enables customers to leverage the potential of SAP technology in the cloud by protecting sensitive data with enhanced external key management from Thales integrated with SAP Data Custodian to control and secure SAP data across public cloud environments.“The SAP Data Custodian was created to give our customers confidence that their data will be secure when utilising a public cloud ” said Dr. Wasif Gilani  Vice President and Head of SAP Data Custodian. “The introduction of Thales’ external key management service demonstrates our commitment to that mission  as Thales’ unmatched key management solutions will allow our customers to use the high-quality keys they know and trust when working with Data Custodian.”Bringing Centralised Control of SAP Data in the Public CloudSAP customers can now leverage Thales’ CipherTrust Cloud Key Manager to provide external key management services to the SAP Data Custodian. CipherTrust Cloud Key manager ensures full encryption key lifecycle management and provides centralised key management to maintain control of sensitive SAP customer data across multiple public clouds.The integration of Thales’s CipherTrust Cloud Key Manager with SAP Data Custodian  builds on a long-term relationship between the two companies on encryption and tokenisation solutions. CipherTrust Cloud Key Manager enables SAP customers to manage both native cloud keys as well as offering Bring Your Own Key (BYOK) and Hold Your Own Key (HYOK) support to meet the growing preference among enterprises to maintain and control their own high-quality keys for use in the cloud and achieve regulatory compliance.“Enterprise cybersecurity leaders know that external key management solutions are essential for protecting valuable data assets in the cloud ” said Todd Moore  senior vice president of encryption products at Thales. “The integration of Thales’ CipherTrust Cloud Key Manager and the SAP Data Custodian will make it easier for users to manage their multi-cloud encryption keys across leading cloud platforms. We will continue working with companies like SAP to develop the data security solutions needed to address our customer needs throughout the world.”The Thales and SAP Bring Your Own Key solution is available today. For more information  visit: https://cpl.thalesgroup.com/encryption/key-management/ciphertrust-cloud-key-managerAbout ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologies – to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers – businesses  organizations and governments – in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions  services and products that help them fulfil their critical role  consideration for the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021  the Group generated sales of €16.2 billion.PLEASE VISITThales GroupSecurity,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Thales Delivers Solution', 'SAP Customers', 'Data', 'Cloud', 'full encryption key lifecycle management', 'Thales’ external key management service', 'Thales’ unmatched key management solutions', 'Thales’ CipherTrust Cloud Key Manager', 'new cloud data protection solution', 'external key management solutions', 'PARIS LA DÉFENSE', 'external key management services', 'sensitive SAP customer data', 'The SAP Data Custodian', 'centralised key management', 'SAP customers’ sensitive data', 'Own Key solution', 'leading cloud platforms', 'Dr. Wasif Gilani', 'deep tech” innovations', 'valuable data assets', 'public cloud environments', 'data security solutions', 'native cloud keys', 'multiple public clouds', 'Enterprise cybersecurity leaders', 'senior vice president', 'multi-cloud encryption keys', 'Thales Group Security', 'new capabilities', 'The Thales', 'tokenisation solutions', 'customer needs', 'Euronext Paris', 'big data', 'The Group', 'SAP applications', 'SAP technology', 'security teams', 'security domains', 'high-quality keys', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'regulatory requirements', 'long-term relationship', 'growing preference', 'Todd Moore', 'cpl.thalesgroup', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum technologies', 'confident future', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'Centralised Control', 'two companies', 'encryption products', 'regulatory compliance', 'digital identity', 'potential', 'confidence', 'Head', 'introduction', 'commitment', 'mission', 'integration', 'BYOK', 'HYOK', 'support', 'enterprises', 'use', 'world', 'information', 'key-management', 'ciphertrust-cloud-key-manager', 'HO', 'connectivity', 'development', 'societies', 'businesses', 'organizations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'transport', 'consideration', 'individual', 'decisions', '81,000 employees', '68 countries', 'sales']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,businesswire.com
7885,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000397.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Jul 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8744 £ 24.2898 Estimated MTD return -1.41 % -1.31 % Estimated YTD return -4.54 % -4.01 % Estimated ITD return 178.74 % 142.90 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.36 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.66 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 242.1057 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.4374The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jul', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sidetrade-saas-fintech-growth-first-153500257.html,Sidetrade (SaaS FinTech): Growth in First Half Year Revenue for 2022,New bookings up 42%  and record half year with €3.04 million in new Annual Recurring RevenueUnited States – a new growth driver with 58% of total new...,SidetradeNew bookings up 42%  and record half year with €3.04 million in new Annual Recurring RevenueUnited States – a new growth driver with 58% of total new bookingsStrong increase in Order-to-Cash SaaS revenue to +19%Double-digit growth in revenue to +11%Inflation generating solid pricing power for Order-to-Cash solutionsSidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA)  the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today announces new record bookings in H1 2022  up 42%  a +19% increase in its Order-to-Cash SaaS revenue and a +11% increase in its total revenue for the period.Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade commented:“Sidetrade has just delivered the best half year in its history  surpassing all previous records in new bookings and revenue for our Order-to-Cash Activities.“The abrupt return of inflation  multiple hikes in interest rates and salary increases create a growing need among businesses worldwide for solutions that secure and accelerate cash flow generation. Parallel to this  the recognition of Sidetrade by Gartner® as one of three global Leaders for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash applications raises the Group’s international profile and confirms the relevance of investments in Artificial Intelligence. The recent commercial successes of Sidetrade clearly demonstrate this technological edge. This half-year also marks the one-year milestone since our successful arrival in the United States and validates our offensive strategy for North America. Less than a year after kick-starting our US operations  Sidetrade has already achieved more than half its new bookings in the region by winning large contracts in preference over its two main American competitors.“Now we know that we have what it takes to become firmly established in this region and the gradual ramp-up in our sales and marketing teams will quickly cement Sidetrade’s position as one of three leaders in the world’s number one market. The United States already represents a robust growth driver  and the start of a change in scale for Sidetrade is now underway.”Story continuesNew bookings up 42% and record half year with €3.04 million in new Annual Recurring RevenueIn H1 2022  Sidetrade set a record for Order-to-Cash SaaS orders  which will generate an additional €3.04 million in Annual Recurring Revenue (“ARR”)  compared with €2.14 million in H1 2021; a +42% increase. The total value of these new subscription contracts over their initial contract periods (excluding renewals and services) represents €9.95 million of Total Contract Value (“TCV”) in H1 2022 versus €6.32 million in H1 2021  a +57% increase.To these SaaS bookings should be added €1.77 million of services on an annual basis (implementation  configuration  training  recurring services  etc.)  compared with €1.37 million in H1 2021  a +29% increase. In total and considering that almost all of these services will be invoiced over the next twelve months  H1 2022 enables Sidetrade to add the equivalent of €4.81 million in Annual Contract Value (“ACV”) compared to €3.51 million in H1 2021; a +37% increase.The initial contract period for new customers (excluding renewals) rose to 44 months  compared with 36 months in the previous fiscal year. This length of contract period illustrates outsourcers’ trust in Sidetrade solutions and increases visibility over future revenue. It should be noted that as with all existing contracts  these new contracts include an annual automatic price reindexation clause based on changes in price indices for the relevant country.United States – a new growth driver with 58% of total new bookingsIn H1 2022  international orders represented more than 74% of all bookings  driven by unprecedented momentum in sales with world-leading organizations.Sidetrade outperforms its targets in North AmericaOne year after operations were launched in North America  Sidetrade is outperforming its targets (to achieve more than one-third of its bookings in the region by H2 2022) and already reports 58% of new bookings in the United States which include exceptional contracts signed with large American corporations such as a strategic IT services giant in Q1 2022 (see press release here ) and Insight Enterprises in Q2 2022.This faster-than-expected commercial success confirms three key observations:1/ The Order-to-Cash market is extremely buoyant worldwide  particularly in the United States. The market is worth an estimated $10 billion the world over and is fast developing with less than 10% of companies supplied. It is boosted by the inflationary environment  the rising cost of cash  and recruitment difficulties. Order-to-Cash solutions  which aim to accelerate cash flow by reducing payment delays and generate productivity gains for back-office activities  are becoming a top priority for finance departments.2/ Sidetrade’s technological edge in Artificial Intelligence has proved its worth versus its two main US competitors. The efficiency of Sidetrade’s algorithms is based on the Sidetrade Data Lake– never-before-seen in the market – which aggregates more than $4.6 trillion in B2B transactions with an analysis of 640 million payment experiences from 21 million buying companies worldwide (see press release here ). As a result  Sidetrade provides customers with predictive payment models and collection strategies adapted to the end customer. In early April 2022  Sidetrade was recognized as one of three global Leaders in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash applications  significantly expanding the Group’s reach among American key accounts and strengthening its presence in more tenders.3/ Sidetrade is staying on the offensive with its strategy to quickly become a key player in Order-to-Cash solutions across North America. In less than a year  Sidetrade has built an experienced sales team (16 people to date)  focusing on the recruitment of Order-to-Cash professionals. The US team is ramping up and will double its capacity over the next 12 months. To support this momentum  Sidetrade has implemented an ambitious strategy for recruitment and resources by deciding to:enrol two American recruiters exclusively focused on hiring sales profiles for this region;relocate the Company’s Marketing Department to the United States;create an American prospecting team in Canada (Calgary) from the start of H2 2022  eventually including some 15 operators.This offensive strategy is already producing results which will be strengthened in the months ahead.Overall  in H1 2022  bookings by new customers (“New Business”) benefited from the success in the United States and accounted for 68% of the total versus 55% on average in recent quarters.Cross-selling represents 13% of total new bookings  with the remaining 19% of bookings accounting for Upselling of additional modules to existing customers.The United States has also notably impacted the average size of new contracts (excluding Upselling). In H1 2021  the average totalled €81 000 per year of subscription (ARR) and will amount to €190 000 per year of subscription in H2 2022.Strong increase in Order-to-Cash SaaS revenue to +19% and double-digit growth in revenue to +11%Sidetrade(€m) H1 2022 H1 2021 Change ‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities 17.3 14.8 +17% of which SaaS Subscriptions 14.3 12.1 +19% ‘Sales & Marketing’ Activities 0.5 1.3 -61% Revenue 17.8 16.1 +11%2022 information is from consolidated  unaudited data.‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities grew very sharply to +17% in H1 2022  driven by 19% growth in SaaS subscriptions. The growth in this recurring revenue is the result of record bookings in the 2021 fiscal year  which will continue to impact revenue growth throughout the 2022 fiscal year.‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities  a core business within the Company’s strategy since 2019  now represent 97% of total revenue.In addition  ‘Sales & Marketing’ Activities have become secondary to Sidetrade’s activities. They now account for only 3% of total revenue in this half year and will continue to play a less prominent role commercially  with estimated revenue of €0.9 million at end-2022.Total revenue grew by 11% in H1 2022  to €17.8 million. This performance is supported by solid growth drivers in international markets which now represent 51% of total revenue  including 21% for North America.Inflation generating solid pricing power for Order-to-Cash solutionsBusinesses must be prepared to respond to the inflationary environmentBusinesses face a twofold challenge: consolidate their cash reserves in an inflationary environment and generate productivity gains to address salary increases and recruitment difficulties. This trend is expected to continue over the next 12 to 24 months with an increased risk of future recession  notably linked to multiple hikes in interest rates. In this context  the management of operating working capital  and particularly accounts receivable  is a major challenge for businesses.Sidetrade’s model meets the challenges of the global marketThe return on investment for Sidetrade customers is directly proportional to the cost of cash made available by the “Augmented Cash” platform and the expected productivity gains.Sidetrade’s economic model provides its business with significant resilience  as 90% of its revenue is recurring  representing a significant advantage in the current and future environment. All of these multi-year contracts are indexed to inflation (the Syntec for Southern Europe  the UK CPI for Northern Europe and the US CPI for the United States)  which alters the total price of SaaS subscriptions each year by reference to changes in these price indices.Sidetrade therefore has robust pricing power that protects the Company’s future revenue against uncertainties and inflationary pressures. At present  Sidetrade perfectly combines its sound fundamentals with a highly favorable growth outlook.On the back of its H1 2022 performance  the Group’s management is confident in Sidetrade’s ability to deliver double-digit growth in the 2022 fiscal year.Next financial announcement2022 First Half Year Result: September 20  2022  after the stock market closesInvestor relationsChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia relationsRebecca Parlby +44 7824 505 584 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4 600 million worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 250 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Vinci  Saint Gobain  Air Liquide  Inmarsat  Insight Enterprises and Bidfood.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.48,0.23,0.3,True,English,"['First Half Year Revenue', 'SaaS FinTech', 'Sidetrade', 'Growth', '2022', 'annual automatic price reindexation clause', 'two main American competitors', 'two main US competitors', 'strategic IT services giant', 'new Annual Recurring Revenue', 'solid pricing power', 'large American corporations', 'Annual Contract Value', 'initial contract periods', 'three key observations', 'robust growth driver', 'recent commercial successes', 'new growth driver', 'three global Leaders', 'Total Contract Value', 'new subscription contracts', 'Cash SaaS platform', 'previous fiscal year', 'cash flow generation', 'number one market', 'next twelve months', 'global AI-powered Order', 'Cash SaaS revenue', 'total new bookings', 'Sidetrade Data Lake', 'best half year', 'The United States', 'new record bookings', 'Cash solutions Sidetrade', 'annual basis', 'price indices', 'total value', 'three leaders', 'total revenue', 'recurring services', 'new contracts', 'large contracts', 'SaaS bookings', 'new customers', 'Double-digit growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'SaaS orders', 'future revenue', 'previous records', 'US operations', 'Cash Activities', 'Cash applications', 'existing contracts', 'exceptional contracts', 'Olivier Novasque', 'abrupt return', 'multiple hikes', 'interest rates', 'salary increases', 'growing need', 'Integrated Invoice', 'international profile', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'technological edge', 'one-year milestone', 'successful arrival', 'offensive strategy', 'North America', 'gradual ramp-up', 'marketing teams', 'relevant country', 'international orders', 'unprecedented momentum', 'world-leading organizations', 'press release', 'Insight Enterprises', 'Cash market', 'inflationary environment', 'rising cost', 'recruitment difficulties', 'payment delays', 'productivity gains', 'back-office activities', 'top priority', 'finance departments', 'The Order', 'Sidetrade solutions', '2/ Sidetrade', 'Strong increase', '44 months', '36 months', '+19% increase', '+11% increase', '+42% increase', '+57% increase', '+29% increase', '+37% increase', 'ALBFR', 'H1', 'CEO', 'history', 'businesses', 'recognition', 'Gartner®', 'Group', 'relevance', 'investments', 'half-year', 'region', 'preference', 'sales', 'position', 'start', 'change', 'scale', 'renewals', 'TCV', 'implementation', 'configuration', 'training', 'equivalent', 'ACV', 'length', 'outsourcers', 'trust', 'visibility', 'targets', 'one-third', 'H2', 'Q1', 'Q2', 'expected', 'less', 'companies', 'worth', 'efficiency', 'algorithms', '$4.6 tri']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-completes-enrollment-phase-050200331.html,Sequana Medical completes enrollment in Phase 2a SAHARA I DSR study  reports disease-modifying profile for Short Term DSR and provides business update,PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION – INSIDE INFORMATION19 July 2022  07:00 am CEST DSR (Direct Sodium Removal) heart failure drug development: Completed...,"Sequana Medical NVPRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION – INSIDE INFORMATION19 July 2022  07:00 am CE S TDSR (Direct Sodium Removal) heart failure drug development:Completed enrollment in SAHARA I i with first-generation DSR product (“DSR 1.0”) – extending study with second-generation DSR product (“DSR 2.0”) to support US IND ii filing by year endProof-of-concept delivered in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients with dramatic and durable improvements in validated clinical measuresHeart failure d isease-modifying profile – safe  rapid and effective decongestion with no congestion-related heart failure re-hospitali z ations observedClinical outcomes from RED DESERT and SAHARA result in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality based on Seattle Heart Failure model iiiHeart failure development program to focus on Short Term DSR with DSR 2.0alfapump® in North America:Submission of Premarket Approval (PMA) to the US FDA expected in H2 2023Webcast and conference call for investors/analysts today at 3:00 pm CEST / 9:00 am ETGhent  Belgium – 19 July 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of drug-resistant fluid overload in liver disease and heart failure  today announces the completion of enrollment in its Phase 2a SAHARA proof-of-concept study using its first-generation DSR product (“DSR 1.0”) as treatment for congestive heart failure. Sequana Medical intends to extend SAHARA to treat a small number of patients with its proprietary second-generation DSR product (“DSR 2.0”) to support the US IND filing  expected by year end.The Company has conducted two proof-of-concept studies  the RED DESERT study in euvolemic heart failure patients and the SAHARA study in decompensated heart failure patients  demonstrating that intensive DSR therapy with DSR 1.0 delivers compelling and durable clinical improvements in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients  including safe  rapid and effective decongestion  dramatic improvement in cardio-renal status and restoration of diuretic responsiveness. As a result of the strong  durable clinical signals observed  the Company will focus the heart failure development program on Short Term DSR with its proprietary DSR 2.0 administered with a peritoneal catheter.Story continuesIan Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical  said: “We are very encouraged by the results from our DSR program and consider Short Term DSR to be a disease-modifying drug therapy for this large and very difficult-to-treat patient population. Based on what we have learned from RED DESERT and SAHARA  we will focus on Short Term DSR using our proprietary DSR 2.0. With just three to four weeks of DSR treatment  we believe that we can bring patients important clinical benefits lasting up to a year and progress this potential breakthrough therapy to patients in need as efficiently as possible.”Dr. Oliver Gödje  Chief Medical Officer at Sequana Medical  added: “We and our advisors are very impressed by the results and see DSR therapy as a treatment for heart failure that is complementary to other therapies. As cardiologists  we struggle to remove congestion from patients with diuretic resistance  which is the primary driver of morbidity and hospitalization in heart failure. DSR therapy tackles the key clinical need of sodium overload in patients in whom loop diuretics are no longer effective. The patients treated with DSR therapy in our studies have not been re-hospitalized for congestion-related heart failure problems during their study follow-up period and the clinical outcomes resulted in a substantial increase in predicted survival using the Seattle Heart Failure Model. We are now preparing for a US IND filing of our DSR 2.0 by year end to start MOJAVE  our Phase 1b/2a US study.”DSR heart failure drug developmentTwelve decompensated diuretic-resistant heart failure patients have been enrolled in the SAHARA study using DSR 1.0. Interim results from ten evaluableiv patients after completion of the intensive DSR period demonstrated that DSR therapy safely  effectively and rapidly eliminated persistent congestion and restored euvolemia (i.e.  normal amount of body fluids)  resulting in a mean weight loss of 6kg. There was a near normalization of diuretic response with six-hour excretion of sodium more than doubling vs. baseline  as well as a considerable improvement in cardio-renal health  with a mean reduction in NT-proBNP  a key cardiac function parameter  of more than 30% vs. baseline and a stable renal function (eGFRv) vs. baseline despite this dramatic fluid loss. The need for loop diuretics was dramatically reduced for many months following completion of the intensive DSR therapy (see table below)  which the Company believes is an important demonstration of the improvement in cardio-renal health of these patients.Evaluable patient # months follow-up post intensive DSR period Reduction in diuretic dose 01-01 11 90% 01-03 8 100% 01-04 7 90% 01-05 8 100% 01-06 7 100% 01-08 6 100% 01-09 4 83% 01-10 6 95% 01-11 2 97% 01-12 2 100%Additionally  patients treated with DSR therapy in both RED DESERT and SAHARA experienced no congestion-related heart failure hospital re-admissions during their follow-up period in the study. The clinical benefits observed in RED DESERT and SAHARA result in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality of patients pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Model.Based on the SAHARA observations  which reinforce those observed in the RED DESERT study  the Company believes that an intensive treatment period of three to four weeks of DSR therapy is sufficient for six to twelve months of important clinical benefits. Therefore the Company is focusing its DSR development program on Short Term DSR using its proprietary DSR 2.0 that is expected to have an improved therapeutic and favourable safety profile  adminstered via a peritoneal catheter. In addition  the Company believes that given Short Term DSR will be regulated as a drug only (rather than a drug-device combination for Long Term alfapump DSR)  this will shorten and derisk the clinical and regulatory paths  and therefore the time to market.To support the US IND filing of DSR 2.0  the Company intends to extend SAHARA to treat a small number of patients with DSR 2.0. Patients with diuretic-resistant congestive heart failure on high doses of loop diuretics will undergo intensive DSR therapy with DSR 2.0 for two weeks which can be repeated up to two times depending on their euvolemic state  diuretic response and stable DSR dosing. Primary endpoints include safety and tolerability of DSR 2.0 and secondary feasibility endpoints include the ability of DSR therapy to restore and maintain euvolemia without the need for additional loop diuretic treatment. Top-line results of SAHARA  using DSR 1.0 and 2.0  and the US IND filing of DSR 2.0 are expected by year end.To support a compelling package for partnering  the Company is expanding its planned MOJAVE US Phase 1b/2a study. This randomized controlled study in approximately 30 diuretic resistant chronic heart failure patients will evaluate Short Term DSR with DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of standard-of-care therapy vs. standard-of-care therapy alone. This study will commence following submission and approval of the US IND.Update on alfa pump development in North AmericaPOSEIDON  the North American pivotal study of the alfapump in recurrent and refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis is on track to report primary endpoint data in Q4 2022. Based upon recent FDA feedback  the biocompatibility testing to support the PMA submission has been extended by 3 months. The Company now plans to submit the PMA regulatory filing in the second half of 2023.Webcast and Conference CallSequana Medical will host a webcast and conference call today at 03:00 pm CET / 09:00 am ET.Registration webcast: please click hereRegistration conference call (only if you wish to participate in the Q&A): please click here. Once registered  you will receive dial-in numbers and a confirmation code.The webcast and conference call will be conducted in English and a replay will be available on Sequana Medical’s website shortly after.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalFor EU investors: For US investors: Lies Vanneste Amy Sullivan Director Investor Relations Consultant to Sequana Medical Email: IR@sequanamedical.com Email: amy.sullivan@sequanamedical.com Tel: +32 498 05 35 79Optimum Strategic CommunicationsFor media: Nick Bastin  Rebecca Noonan Email: Sequana@optimumcomms.com Tel: +44 (0) 20 3922 0900About fluid overload in heart failure (AKA congestion)Heart failure is the leading cause of US hospitalizations in patients over 65 years old and 90% of these admissions are due to fluid overload  which is recognized as the primary driver of morbidity and hospitalization. Standard of care includes treatment with diuretic drugs  but these have well recognized toxicity and resistance issues. Half of the heart failure patients admitted for fluid overload are discharged with no clinically relevant loss of fluid and one in four is re-admitted to the hospital within 30 days of discharge. It is estimated that 200 000 US heart failure patients have drug-resistant congestion requiring repeated hospitalization  severely impacting their survival and quality of life and creating a heavy financial burden.About DSR® (Direct Sodium Removal) in heart failureSequana Medical considers its’ proprietary DSR to be a disease modifying therapy for heart failure. Fluid accumulation in heart failure patients is caused by the retention of too much sodium. The DSR drug-based approach directly tackles this key clinical problem of sodium overload  and works in partnership with the kidneys to safely and rapidly eliminate the excess fluid. Complementary to existing heart failure therapies  clinical proof-of-concept studies using the Company’s first-generation DSR product (“DSR 1.0”) have shown that DSR can i) safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate fluid overload in heart failure patients  ii) improve the health of the heart and preserve renal function  and iii) restore the ability of the kidney to manage the fluid and sodium naturally  resulting in a large and long-lasting reduction in the need for diuretic drugs. In DSR treated patients  there have been no congestion-related re-hospitalizations during the study follow-up period and the clinical benefits observed in the clinical studies resulted in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality of patients pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Modeliii. Top-line results of the Phase 2a SAHARA study using DSR 1.0 and the Company’s proprietary second-generation DSR product (“DSR 2.0”) are expected by year end  followed by the start of a Phase 1b/2a US efficacy study with DSR 2.0.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating drug-resistant fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease and heart failure. Fluid overload is a well-recognized problem in these growing diseases  causing severe problems for the large number of patients for whom current medicines are no longer effective. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical’s proprietary approaches that work with the body to remove this excess fluid  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com .Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is not currently approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR® therapy is not currently approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between the DSR® therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® and alfapump DSR® are registered trademarks in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.i SAHARA I: SAHARA study using DSR 1.0ii IND: Investigational New Drugiii Predicted one-year survival analysis using Seattle Heart Failure Model of seven patients from RED DESERT and eight patients from SAHARA pre- and post-intensive DSR therapy. Analysis includes physician-assessed data collected post hoc.iv Of the 12 enrolled patients  one patient died due to a cardiac arrest three days after study initiation and for one patient the study protocol was not correctly appliedv eGFR: estimated Glomerular Filtration RateAttachments",neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,mixed,0.32,0.23,0.45,True,English,"['Phase 2a SAHARA I DSR study', 'Short Term DSR', 'Sequana Medical', 'disease-modifying profile', 'business update', 'enrollment', 'Twelve decompensated diuretic-resistant heart failure patients', 'DSR heart failure drug development', 'three to four weeks', 'Dr. Oliver Gödje', 'Seattle Heart Failure model', 'key cardiac function parameter', 'Heart failure development program', 'congestion-related heart failure problems', 'decompensated heart failure patients', 'strong, durable clinical signals', 'euvolemic heart failure patients', 'Phase 1b/2a US study', 'Phase 2a SAHARA proof', 'proprietary second-generation DSR product', 'intensive DSR period Reduction', 'effective decongestion, dramatic improvement', 'congestive heart failure', 'disease-modifying drug therapy', 'stable renal function', 'CE S T', 'US IND ii', 'hospitali z ations', 'US IND filing', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'study follow-up period', 'dramatic fluid loss', 'first-generation DSR product', 'resistant fluid overload', 'potential breakthrough therapy', 'mean weight loss', 'ten evaluableiv patients', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Short Term DSR', 'durable clinical improvements', 'important clinical benefits', 'intensive DSR therapy', 'Direct Sodium Removal', 'key clinical need', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'RED DESERT study', 'DSR program', 'durable improvements', 'US FDA', 'proprietary DSR 2.0', 'mean reduction', 'clinical measures', 'Clinical outcomes', 'sodium overload', 'important demonstration', 'two proof', 'considerable improvement', 'SAHARA study', 'concept study', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'safe, rapid', 'one-year mortality', 'North America', 'Premarket Approval', 'conference call', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'small number', 'cardio-renal status', 'diuretic responsiveness', 'peritoneal catheter', 'Ian Crosbie', 'patient population', 'other therapies', 'diuretic resistance', 'primary driver', 'loop diuretics', 'substantial increase', 'normal amount', 'near normalization', 'diuretic response', 'six-hour excretion', 'cardio-renal health', 'many months', 'Evaluable patient', 'diuretic dose', 'DSR treatment', 'persistent congestion', 'Interim results', 'year end', 'concept studies', '75% reduction', '19 July', 'enrollment', 'alfapump®', 'Submission', 'PMA', 'H2', 'Webcast', 'investors/analysts', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'completion', 'compelling', 'restoration', 'Story', 'large', 'advisors', 'cardiologists', 'morbidity', 'hospitalization', 'survival', 'MOJAVE', 'euvolemia', 'body', 'fluids', '6kg', 'baseline', 'NT-proBNP', 'eGFRv', '3:00', '9:00']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/virbac-growth-revenue-first-half-154500499.html,VIRBAC: growth in revenue in the first half of 2022 of +12.0% at comparable exchange rates (+16.4% at real rates)  driven by good performance in all areas,KEY FIGURESRevenue in first half of 2022 -Provisional €616.4 millionGrowth at constant exchange rates and scope 1 +12.0% including companion animals +14.2...,VirbacKEY FIGURES Revenue in first half of 2022 -Provisional€616.4 million Growth at constant exchange ratesand scope 1+12.0% includingcompanion animals +14.2%food-producing animals +9.9% Growth at constantexchange rates+12.0%Overallchange+16.4%1 Growth at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the previous financial year)  and excluding change in scope  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous financial year.Quarte rly consolidated revenueOur second-quarter revenue reached €298.3 million  or a +13.5% increase compared to the same period in 2021. At constant exchange rates  growth was +7.8%  driven by good performance in both the companion animals and food producing animals segments  in a context of market slowdown. It should be noted that our actual performance for the quarter was favorably impacted by the appreciation of certain currencies  such as the US dollar  the Indian rupee  the Brazilian real  and the Mexican peso. At area level  our growth is mainly driven by the performance of the United States  particularly in the dental and dermatology ranges and recently launched products range (Clomicalm  Itrafungol  the petfood and the food producing animals range)  by that of the Asia-Pacific zone  where India and Australia continue to benefit from a favorable momentum  and finally Latin America  driven by double-digit growth in Brazil and Mexico.Cumulative consolidated revenue at the end of JuneFor the first half of the year overall  our revenues were €616.4 million  compared with €529.4 million  representing an overall increase of +16.4% compared with the same period in 2021. Adjusted for the favorable impact of exchange rates  revenue shows growth of +12.0%. This growth benefited in part from a favorable baseline effect representing 1 point of growth in revenue  attributable to new products acquired starting in the second quarter of 2021.Story continuesAll areas are growing organically at the end of June. It should be noted  however  that double-digit growth in Europe has stalled in the last quarter  due to the slowdown in the market as anticipated in our annual outlook. Thus  the sales in this area increased by +6.8% at real rates (+6.2% at constant rates)  thanks mainly to the contribution of the United Kingdom  France and Italy. The area is supported by the strong dynamism of companion animals ranges (in particular petfood  specialties  and vaccines)  which compensate for the withdrawal of ranges intended for food producing animals. In Asia-Pacific  the development at real rates is +19.8% (+15% at constant exchange rates). Australia and India are driving growth in the region  generating more than 85% of the latter  in particular on products destined for cattle  which makes it possible to largely compensate for the withdrawal of China  which was heavily impacted by lockdowns at the beginning of the year and which  despite a rebound since May  remains down at the end of June. In Latin America  activity grew by +25.1% at real rates (+14.6% at constant exchange rates)  thanks in particular to contributions from Brazil and Mexico. Finally  in the United States  activity increased by +32.2% (+19.9% at constant exchange rates). It benefits from sustained sales on new products launched in 2021 (Clomicalm and Itrafungol) and those launched in early 2022 (petfood  and Tulissin for the food producing animals segment)  as well as good performance on the dental and dermatology ranges.In terms of species  revenue in the companion animal segment grew overall by +17.9% at real rates (+14.2% at constant exchange rates)  mainly driven by very good double-digit growth in the petfood  specialty  dermatology and hygiene ranges  as well as vaccines for dogs and cats. The food producing animals segment also showed strong growth of +15.0% at real rates (+9.9% at constant exchange rates)  mainly driven by the ruminant sector (+14.2% at constant exchange rates); and the aquaculture segment (+5.1% at constant rates) compared to the same period in 2021.Covid-19 health crisis and the war in UkraineWe continue to face significant production  logistical and supply constraints with regard to certain intermediaries  and more recently  significant inflationary impacts on our costs (energy  raw materials  transportation  etc.).OutlookThe activity in the first half of the year reinforces our perspective. Revenue growth at constant rates and scope should be in the range of 5% to 10%. The ratio of “current operating profit before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions” to “revenue” should be around 15% at constant exchange rates  despite the inflationary impacts (with a deliberate overinvestment in R&D of approximately 1 percentage point of revenue compared to 2021). Finally  our debt relief should be around €60 million  excluding dividends  at constant scope and exchange rates.CONSOLIDATED FIGURESNon-audited figuresin millions of euros 2022 2021 Growth Growthat constant exchange rates 1 Growthat constant exchange rates and scope 1 First quarter revenue 318.1 266.5 +19.3% +16.2% +16.2% Second quarter revenue 298.3 262.9 +13.5% +7.8% +7.8% Revenue for first half year 616.4 529.4 +16.4% +12.0% +12.0%A lifelong commitment to animal healthAt Virbac  we provide innovative solutions to veterinarians  farmers and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services enables us to diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and to shaping the future of animal health together.Virbac: NYSE Euronext - compartment A – ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs Department: tel. 04 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,positive,0.86,0.12,0.02,mixed,0.38,0.22,0.4,True,English,"['comparable exchange rates', 'real rates', 'first half', 'good performance', 'VIRBAC', 'growth', 'revenue', 'areas', 'food producing animals segments', 'food producing animals range', 'Covid-19 health crisis', 'current operating profit', 'companion animal segment', 'identical exchange rates', 'exchange rate variations', 'favorable baseline effect', 'constant exchange rates', 'significant inflationary impacts', 'KEY FIGURES Revenue', 'Cumulative consolidated revenue', 'companion animals ranges', 'previous financial year', 'good double-digit growth', 'constant rates', 'aquaculture segment', 'food-producing animals', 'real rates', 'favorable momentum', 'favorable impact', 'good performance', 'products range', 'first half', 'same period', 'US dollar', 'Indian rupee', 'Brazilian real', 'Mexican peso', 'United States', 'Latin America', 'United Kingdom', 'strong dynamism', 'hygiene ranges', 'ruminant sector', 'supply constraints', 'raw materials', 'deliberate overinvestment', 'R&D', 'actual performance', 'new products', 'second-quarter revenue', 'dermatology ranges', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', 'Asia-Pacific zone', 'overall increase', 'annual outlook', 'organic growth', 'strong growth', 'area level', 'sustained sales', 'Revenue growth', 'market slowdown', '+13.5% increase', '9% Growth', '1 Growth', 'Virbac', 'Provisional', 'scope', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', 'context', 'appreciation', 'currencies', 'dental', 'Clomicalm', 'Itrafungol', 'petfood', 'Australia', 'Mexico', 'end', 'June', 'revenues', 'part', '1 point', 'Story', 'areas', 'Europe', 'contribution', 'France', 'Italy', 'specialties', 'vaccines', 'withdrawal', 'development', 'region', 'cattle', 'China', 'lockdowns', 'beginning', 'rebound', 'May', 'activity', 'early 2022', 'Tulissin', 'terms', 'species', 'specialty', 'dogs', 'cats', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'logistical', 'regard', 'intermediaries', 'costs', 'energy', 'transportation', 'perspective', 'ratio', 'depreciation', 'assets', 'acquisitions']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220719005738/en/Technip-Energies-and-National-Petroleum-Construction-Company-Establish-a-New-Company-to-Accelerate-Energy-Transition,Technip Energies and National Petroleum Construction Company Establish a New Company to Accelerate Energy Transition,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--On the sidelines of UAE President His Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Zayed Al Nahyan’s visit to Paris  H.H. Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan  Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation and Catherine Colonna  Minister fo…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--On the sidelines of UAE President His Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Zayed Al Nahyan’s visit to Paris  H.H. Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan  Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation and Catherine Colonna  Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs witnessed the signing of an agreement to establish a new joint company between National Petroleum Construction Company (NPCC)  a subsidiary of National Marine Dredging Company (The Group)  and Technip Energies (Paris:TE) (ISIN:NL0014559478).The agreement was signed by Eng. Ahmed Al Dhaheri  CEO of NPCC and Arnaud Pieton  CEO of Technip Energies.Headquartered in Abu Dhabi  the new joint venture NT ENERGIES LLC aims to support energy transition in the UAE  the broader Middle East region and North Africa by providing added value services in blue and green hydrogen and related decarbonization projects  CO 2 capture in addition to industrial projects in the fields of waste-to-energy  biorefining  biochemistry  as well as other energy transition related themes.Arnaud Pieton  CEO of Technip Energies  commented: “This partnership with NPCC marks a new milestone in our journey to accelerate the energy transition and limit climate change. We are very proud to have signed this agreement with such a recognized leader and long-standing partner with whom we have delivered many key energy projects. By sharing the experiences  capabilities  and know-how of our companies  we are confident that NT Energies will be able to rapidly bring to life the energy transition infrastructures that the UAE and MENA region require both domestically and for exports  particularly in the areas of Power to Gas  blue/green hydrogen and ammonia  CO 2 management  sustainable fuels and circularity. Beyond policies  it is industry leaders like T.EN and NPCC who will develop  scale up and integrate credible solutions towards a low carbon environment. Our collaboration will help to further develop local competencies  increase in-country value  and cooperate to break down barriers to engineer a sustainable future together.”Eng. Yasser Zaghloul  the Group Chief Executive Officer at National Marine Dredging Group  said: “The new agreement reaffirms the commitment of NPCC  a subsidiary of National Marine Dredging Company (The Group)  to support energy transition and decarbonization in line with the UAE’s strategy to take positive and effective climate change actions to ensure a decarbonized future. This agreement with Technip Energies opens up new opportunities for sharing expertise in the field of sustainable energy and aligns with our expansion plans and ongoing search for new ways to strengthen global partnerships in line with our strategic vision of continuous growth.”Eng. Ahmed Al Dhaheri  CEO of NPCC  said: “We are excited to sign this agreement with Technip Energies  a pioneer in the energy transition industry. The new joint venture aims to promote a culture of sustainability and supports the best environmental practices in light of our rational government's commitment to moving toward clean energy sources. By combining Technip Energies technological know-how  overall project management capabilities and global footprint  and NPCC’s project management skills for EPC projects  regional footprint and fabrication capabilities  NT ENERGIES LLC will bring to the table added value services in hydrogen and related decarbonization projects and CO2 capture in the UAE  the region and North Africa.”The new joint venture will also provide onshore and offshore oil and gas fields and facilities services  building and energy efficiency services  oil tanks installation and repair  installation  maintenance and manufacturing of alternative energy equipment as well as oil and gas facilities consultancy and engineering consultations on alternative energy and research.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies is listed on Euronext Paris with American depositary receipts (“ADRs”) traded over-the-counter in the United States.For further information: www.technipenergies.com.About NPCCNPCC (National Petroleum Construction Company)  a part of NMDC Group  headquartered in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates (UAE)  is a world-class Engineering  Procurement and Construction Company that provides total EPC solutions to both the Offshore and Onshore Oil & Gas sectors.NPCC is a subsidiary of National Marine Dredging  NPCC provides engineering  procurement  project management  fabrication  installation and commissioning to project owners and operators.Since its inception in 1973  NPCC has expanded its geographic footprint globally and today operates in Arabian Gulf  South Asia and Southeast Asia  and has plans to expand its operations to Africa and Caspian region.NPCC has built strong relationships with leading Operating Companies (OPCOs)  National Oil Companies (NOCs) and International Oil Companies (IOCs)  and has a team of over 1 200 engineers  based in four engineering centres in Abu Dhabi - UAE  Mumbai and Hyderabad - India  and La Ciotat - France.NPCC’s state-of-the-art fabrication facility in Mussafah  Abu Dhabi  is set in an area of 1.3 million sq. metres  and the yard can fabricate up to 100 000 metric tonnes (MT) of structural steel annually. The company owns a fleet of 23 offshore vessels equipped with modern facilities to support its shallow and deep-water operations. It can lift structures weighing up to 4 200 MT and is also equipped for laying sub-sea cables and pipelines  up to 66 inches diameter; in water depths from 10 to 2 000 metres.Important Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementThis release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues  earnings  cash flows or other aspects of Technip Energies’ operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “plan ” “intend ” “foresee ” “should ” “would ” “could ” “may ” “estimate ” “outlook ” and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on Technip Energies’ current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on Technip Energies. While Technip Energies believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting Technip Energies will be those that Technip Energies anticipates.All of Technip Energies’ forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond Technip Energies’ control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from Technip Energies’ historical experience and Technip Energies’ present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see Technip Energies’ risk factors set forth in Technip Energies’ filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  which include amendment no. 4 to Technip Energies’ registration statement on Form F-1 filed on February 11  2021.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Technip Energies undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.74,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['National Petroleum Construction Company', 'New Company', 'Technip Energies', 'Energy Transition', 'H.H. Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan', 'Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Zayed Al Nahyan', 'other energy transition related themes', 'Eng. Ahmed Al Dhaheri', 'robust project delivery model', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'National Marine Dredging Company', 'broader Middle East region', 'National Petroleum Construction Company', 'National Marine Dredging Group', 'effective climate change actions', 'many key energy projects', 'overall project management capabilities', 'Eng. Yasser Zaghloul', 'low carbon environment', 'best environmental practices', 'American depositary receipts', 'project management skills', 'related decarbonization projects', 'clean energy sources', 'new joint company', 'new joint venture', 'growing market positions', 'United Arab Emirates', 'energy transition infrastructures', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'alternative energy equipment', 'total EPC solutions', 'NT ENERGIES LLC', 'energy efficiency services', 'energy transition industry', 'gas facilities consultancy', 'oil tanks installation', 'EPC projects', 'Technology company', 'The Group', 'NMDC Group', 'facilities services', 'industrial projects', 'innovative projects', 'sustainable energy', 'new milestone', 'industry leaders', 'credible solutions', 'new opportunities', 'new ways', 'leadership positions', 'United States', 'MENA region', 'CO 2 management', 'value services', 'services offering', 'Gas sectors', 'Technip Energies', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Foreign Affairs', 'International Cooperation', 'Catherine Colonna', 'Arnaud Pieton', 'Abu Dhabi', 'North Africa', 'recognized leader', 'long-standing partner', 'sustainable fuels', 'T.EN', 'local competencies', 'country value', 'sustainable future', 'decarbonized future', 'expansion plans', 'ongoing search', 'global partnerships', 'strategic vision', 'continuous growth', 'rational government', 'global footprint', 'regional footprint', 'CO2 capture', 'sustainable chemistry', 'extensive technology', 'fabrication capabilities', 'gas fields', 'new agreement', 'engineering consultations', 'leading Engineering', 'green hydrogen', 'technological know-how', 'offshore oil', 'Onshore Oil', 'Euronext Paris', 'UAE President', 'sidelines', 'visit', 'Minister', 'Europe', 'signing', 'NPCC', 'subsidiary', 'CEO', 'added', 'blue', 'addition', 'waste', 'biorefining', 'biochemistry', 'journey', 'experiences', 'companies', 'life', 'exports', 'areas', 'Power', 'ammonia', 'circularity', 'policies', 'collaboration', 'barriers', 'commitment', 'strategy', 'positive', 'expertise', 'pioneer', 'culture', 'sustainability', 'light', 'table', 'building', 'repair', 'maintenance', 'manufacturing', 'research', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'information', 'technipenergies', 'Procurement']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,businesswire.com
7890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/simplified-tender-offer-cgi-now-holds-91-54-of-umanis-share-capital-301587791.html,SIMPLIFIED TENDER OFFER: CGI NOW HOLDS 91.54% OF UMANIS' SHARE CAPITAL,"GIB.A (TSX) GIB (NYSE) cgi.com/en/newsroom ALUMS (Euronext Growth Paris) umanis.com/en/ PARIS  France  July 19  2022 /PRNewswire/ - CGI Inc. (""CGI"") (NYSE: GIB) (TSX: GIB.A) and Umanis SA (""Umanis"") (Euronext Growth - FR0013263878 - ALUMS) announce that on Ju…","GIB.A (TSX)GIB (NYSE)cgi.com/en/newsroomALUMS(Euronext Growth Paris)umanis.com/en/PARIS  France  July 19  2022 /PRNewswire/ - CGI Inc. (""CGI"") (NYSE: GIB) (TSX: GIB.A) and Umanis SA (""Umanis"") (Euronext Growth - FR0013263878 - ALUMS) announce that on July 18  2022  the French financial markets (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) has published the results of a simplified tender offer for all Umanis shares not held by CGI France SAS (""CGI France"")  which closed on July 13  2022.As part of the simplified tender offer  CGI France acquired 2 428 749 shares in Umanis and now holds a total of 16 983 876 shares  representing 91.54% of the company's capital and at least 91.42% of voting rights.1In accordance with the terms of its simplified tender offer  CGI France intends to request implementation of the squeeze-out procedure at the same price as the simplified tender offer  or €17.15 per Umanis share  net of all costs.Trading on Umanis shares has been suspended since July 14  2022.""We are pleased to have reached this decisive stage in the acquisition of Umanis "" said Laurent Gerin  President  Western and Southern Europe  CGI. ""Our teams look forward to working together to deliver even more value to our clients. We are confident in our ability to quickly get on track for the start of our new fiscal year.""""We are delighted with the success of the simplified tender offer  which applied to all Umanis shares "" said Olivier Pouligny  CEO of Umanis. ""We are already collaborating closely on the next steps of the integration to ensure our clients continue to receive superior service and benefit from the extended capabilities of CGI.""____________________ 1 Based on share capital on July 13  2022  comprised of 18 553 760 shares representing no more than 18 577 532 theoretical votes  and not including 487 920 treasury shares held by Umanis.About CGIFounded in 1976  CGI is among the largest independent IT and business consulting services firms in the world. With 84 000 consultants and professionals across the globe  CGI delivers an end-to-end portfolio of capabilities  from strategic IT and business consulting to systems integration  managed IT and business process services and intellectual property solutions. CGI works with clients through a local relationship model complemented by a global delivery network that helps clients digitally transform their organizations and accelerate results. CGI Fiscal 2021 reported revenue is $12.13 billion and CGI shares are listed on the TSX(GIB.A) and the NYSE(GIB). Learn more at cgi.com.About UmanisUmanis is a digital services company specializing in data  digital and business solutions with annual sales of approximately €246 million. Umanis has been operating for more than 30 years  mainly in the French market. Established in 1990  Umanis leverages its expertise in five major areas (big data and artificial intelligence  infrastructure and the cloud  digital experience  and integration of business and BPO solutions) to support clients through their digital transformation. Umanis is based in Paris and has approximately 3 000 employees in France  Spain  Luxembourg  Morocco and Switzerland. Shares are listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. For more information  please visit umanis.com.Forward-looking information and statementsThis press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other applicable United States safe harbours. All such forward-looking information and statements are made and disclosed in reliance upon the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian and United States securities laws.Forward-looking information and statements include all information and statements regarding CGI's intentions  plans  expectations  beliefs  objectives  future performance  and strategy  as well as any other information or statements that relate to future events or circumstances and which do not directly and exclusively relate to historical facts. Forward-looking information and statements often but not always use words such as ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""anticipate""  ""foresee""  ""plan""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""aim""  ""seek""  ""strive""  ""potential""  ""continue""  ""target""  ""may""  ""might""  ""could""  ""should""  and similar expressions and variations thereof. These information and statements are based on our perception of historic trends  current conditions and expected future developments  as well as other assumptions  both general and specific  that we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. Such information and statements are  however  by their very nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties  of which many are beyond the control of CGI  and which give rise to the possibility that actual results could differ materially from our expectations expressed in  or implied by  such forward-looking information or forward-looking statements.These risks and uncertainties include but are not restricted to: risks related to the market such as the level of business activity of our clients  which is affected by economic and political conditions  additional external risks (such as pandemics  armed conflict and inflation) and our ability to negotiate new contracts; risks related to our industry such as competition and our ability to attract and retain qualified employees  to develop and expand our services  to penetrate new markets  and to protect our intellectual property rights; risks related to our business such as risks associated with our growth strategy  including the integration of new operations  financial and operational risks inherent in worldwide operations  foreign exchange risks  income tax laws and other tax programs  our ability to negotiate favourable contractual terms  to deliver our services and to collect receivables  the reputational and financial risks attendant to cybersecurity breaches and other incidents  and financial risks such as liquidity needs and requirements  maintenance of financial ratios  and changes in creditworthiness and credit ratings; as well as other risks identified or incorporated by reference in this press release  in CGI's annual and quarterly MD&A and in other documents that we make public  including our filings with the Canadian Securities Administrators (on SEDAR at www.sedar.com) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (on EDGAR at www.sec.gov). For a discussion of risks in response to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  see Pandemic risks in section 8.1.1. of our Q2 2022 MD&A.Unless otherwise stated  the forward-looking information and statements contained in this press release are made as of the date hereof and CGI disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking information or forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by applicable law. While we believe that our assumptions on which these forward-looking information and forward-looking statements are based were reasonable as at the date of this press release  readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking information or statements.Furthermore  readers are reminded that forward-looking information and statements are presented for the sole purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives  strategic priorities and business outlook as well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Further information on the risks that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from our current expectations may be found in the section titled Risk Environment of CGI's annual and quarterly MD&A  which is incorporated by reference in this cautionary statement. We also caution readers that the above-mentioned risks and the risks disclosed in CGI's annual and quarterly MD&A and other documents and filings are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse effect on our financial position  financial performance  cash flows  business or reputation.SOURCE CGI Inc.",neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,mixed,0.48,0.27,0.25,True,English,"['SIMPLIFIED TENDER OFFER', 'CGI', 'CAPITAL', 'United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'other applicable United States safe harbours', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'United States securities laws', 'business consulting services firms', 'Canadian securities laws', 'safe harbour provisions', 'local relationship model', 'global delivery network', 'five major areas', 'business process services', 'simplified tender offer', 'French financial markets', 'new fiscal year', 'intellectual property solutions', 'largest independent IT', 'digital services company', 'applicable Canadian', 'CGI France SAS', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'other assumptions', 'other information', 'business solutions', 'French market', 'BPO solutions', 'voting rights', 'out procedure', 'same price', 'decisive stage', 'Laurent Gerin', 'Southern Europe', 'Olivier Pouligny', 'next steps', 'superior service', '18,577,532 theoretical votes', 'strategic IT', 'annual sales', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'digital experience', 'digital transformation', 'press release', 'future performance', 'future events', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'historic trends', 'current conditions', 'future developments', 'CGI Fiscal 2021', 'Forward-looking information', 'Such information', '487,920 treasury shares', 'extended capabilities', 'share capital', 'end portfolio', 'inherent risks', 'CGI Inc.', 'systems integration', 'actual results', 'Umanis SA', 'Umanis share', 'forward-looking statements', 'CGI shares', '2,428,749 shares', '16,983,876 shares', '18,553,760 shares', 'CGI.', 'GIB', 'TSX', 'NYSE', 'newsroom', 'ALUMS', 'PRNewswire', 'July', 'part', 'total', 'accordance', 'terms', 'implementation', 'squeeze', 'costs', 'Trading', 'acquisition', 'President', 'Western', 'teams', 'value', 'clients', 'ability', 'track', 'start', 'success', 'CEO', 'world', '84,000 consultants', 'professionals', 'globe', 'organizations', 'revenue', '30 years', 'expertise', 'infrastructure', 'cloud', '3,000 employees', 'Spain', 'Luxembourg', 'Morocco', 'Switzerland', 'meaning', 'reliance', 'intentions', 'plans', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'objectives', 'strategy', 'circumstances', 'words', 'believe', 'project', 'target', 'variations', 'perception', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'rise', 'possibility']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,prnewswire.com
7891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4111548.html,Accor's onefinestay Unveils New Villas Across the Caribbean,The world’s leading luxury private rental brand  – Tropical paradise waits right outside this striking colonial-style  five-bedroom beach villa sized for ten guests. Nestled in the hillside  Fleur de Mer – “Flower of the Sea” – features richly scented and imp…,The world’s leading luxury private rental brand  – Tropical paradise waits right outside this striking colonial-style  five-bedroom beach villa sized for ten guests. Nestled in the hillside  Fleur de Mer – “Flower of the Sea” – features richly scented and impeccably manicured flower gardens and ocean views. The gorgeous villa has an open-plan living area  elegantly appointed kitchen and dining area  fully equipped gym  library  master bedroom with four-poster king bed and four-bedroom suites with private terraces. The enormous main terrace is quite a scene with a languid infinity pool and a series of smaller terraces for guests to find peace and quiet all their own. From $9 286 per night.– A stunning island oasis ideal for larger parties and special occasions  this 10-bedroom villa is surrounded by 1.5 acres of tended gardens and has direct access to an idyllic private beach. Pristine white interiors are dressed up with accents and artwork in vivid blues and greens  reflecting the hues of nearby Cinnamon Reef  a prime spot for snorkelling and assorted water sports  with all equipment provided. A communal tennis court and partially shaded pool are inviting for daytime activity  while a dining pavilion and beachfront dining area beckon for sunny lunches and starlit dinners. Each bedroom has plush king-size bedding and a decadent en-suite bathroom  and there are three buildings altogether  available individually or in combination with the neighbouring villa  Le Bleu. From $8 143 per night.Exclusivity and Style in Barbados– Set in exclusive St. James Parish  a haven for the rich and famous also known as the “Platinum Coast ” Sanzaru is an immaculate villa that works perfectly for groups in search of added luxury. With 11 stylish bedrooms between the main house and its neighbouring cottage  the villa has space for 22 guests; a huge sun-trap patio with an outdoor kitchen and bar area for dining and sipping; and an infinity pool with a shelved section with sunken loungers. There is also a well-equipped gym and a private spa for soothing the senses with relaxing massage. A dedicated team of butlers  chefs  and housekeepers ensures every need will be met  and guests enjoy full access to the private Sandy Land Estate Beach Club  with a beach cabana of their very own. From S12 500 per night.Opulent Villas - Turks & CaicosAqua Verde –As pretty as the tropical beauty of Princess Alexandra National Park around it  this fascinating villa occupies a secluded location by Grace Bay  a stretch of white sand regularly ranked among the most spectacular beaches in the world. A range of exciting water sports awaits  with kayaking  paddle boarding  deep-sea fishing and snorkelling in crystal-clear waters calmed by Smith’s Reef just offshore. Arrayed over two floors  the villa accommodates up to six in three contemporary  fully en-suite bedrooms  with a terrace outside with BBQ and fire pit for al fresco dining  a heated pool for cooling dips and soft sands for digging one’s toes  stretching one’s legs and watching the sun sink into the sea. There is also the pristine 18-hole Provo Gold Club  with play as challenging as the scenery is spectacular. From $2 700 per night.ABOUT ACCOR  A WORLD-LEADING HOSPITALITY GROUPAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL – Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticket: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.75,0.15,0.1,True,English,"['onefinestay Unveils', 'New Villas', 'Accor', 'Caribbean', 'private Sandy Land Estate Beach Club', 'pristine 18-hole Provo Gold Club', 'striking colonial-style, five-bedroom beach villa', 'leading luxury private rental brand', 'exclusive St. James Parish', 'Princess Alexandra National Park', 'Net Zero Carbon emissions', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'world leading hospitality group', 'idyllic private beach', 'Pristine white interiors', 'Fleur de Mer', 'four-poster king bed', 'stunning island oasis', 'assorted water sports', 'communal tennis court', 'plush king-size bedding', 'huge sun-trap patio', 'exciting water sports', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'single use plastics', ""hotels' guest experience"", 'open-plan living area', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'economy hotel brands', 'al fresco dining', 'nearby Cinnamon Reef', 'WORLD-LEADING HOSPITALITY GROUP', 'creative hospitality company', 'global sustainability commitments', 'beachfront dining area', 'enormous main terrace', 'Accor Live Limitless', 'beach cabana', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'private terraces', 'private spa', 'private residences', 'main house', 'bar area', 'white sand', 'environmental sustainability', 'global collective', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'global elimination', 'dining pavilion', 'gorgeous villa', '10-bedroom villa', 'neighbouring villa', 'immaculate villa', 'fascinating villa', 'Tropical paradise', 'ocean views', 'four-bedroom suites', 'smaller terraces', 'larger parties', 'special occasions', 'tended gardens', 'vivid blues', 'prime spot', 'daytime activity', 'sunny lunches', 'starlit dinners', 'suite bathroom', 'three buildings', 'Le Bleu', 'Platinum Coast', '11 stylish bedrooms', 'neighbouring cottage', 'shelved section', 'sunken loungers', 'relaxing massage', 'dedicated team', 'Opulent Villas', 'Aqua Verde', 'tropical beauty', 'secluded location', 'Grace Bay', 'spectacular beaches', 'paddle boarding', 'deep-sea fishing', 'crystal-clear waters', 'two floors', 'en-suite bedrooms', 'fire pit', 'cooling dips', 'soft sands', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'community engagement', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'direct access', 'full access', 'flower gardens', 'master bedroom', 'languid infinity pool', 'outdoor kitchen', 'heated pool', 'accommodation properties', 'concierge services', '230,000 team members', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'ten guests', '5,300 properties', '22 guests', 'hillside', 'manicured', 'gym', 'library', 'scene', 'series', 'peace', '1.5 acres', 'accents', 'artwork', 'greens', 'hues', 'snorkelling', 'equipment', 'shaded', 'combination', 'Exclusivity', 'Barbados', 'haven', 'Sanzaru', 'groups', 'search', 'sipping', 'senses', 'butlers', 'chefs', 'housekeepers', 'need', 'Turks', 'Caicos', 'stretch', 'range', 'kayaking', 'Smith', 'BBQ', 'toes', 'legs', 'play', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'rewards', 'experiences', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticket', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,hospitalitynet.org
7892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-integrates-lawgood-into-vitallaw-301589403.html,Wolters Kluwer Integrates Lawgood into VitalLaw,The new feature will save transactional attorneys in law firms hundreds of hours in contract drafting NEW YORK  July 19  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. today announced a collaborative partnership to provide VitalLaw customers with…,"With VitalLaw Agreement & Clause Builder powered by Lawgood  users can make pre-selections such as point of view  jurisdiction  and industry  while customizing specific clauses to develop an agreement template tailored to their needs and goals. Unique to the feature  users can see what selections and customizations attorneys in similar situations have made to their own agreements. For example  they can see that 45% of Lawgood users have selected a certain variation of a particular standard clause.""With VitalLaw Agreement & Clause Builder powered by Lawgood  our customers can benefit from the expertise of the practice attorneys that created the Lawgood agreement templates and customization options "" said Ken Crutchfield  Vice President & General Manager of Legal Markets at Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. ""While legal professionals are often limited by cost pressures  adding this feature on VitalLaw will enable attorneys to do more with fewer resources  and we look forward to our customers' feedback on this new tool to enable a higher level of efficiency and productivity.""To access the latest feature  VitalLaw users will be able to link over directly to the Lawgood platform. Not only can users change clause language and favorability based on negotiating position and company  but also tap into crowdsourced market positions and trends  and find content vetted by lawyers from Am Law 100 firms.""We're very excited to expand our partnership with Wolters Kluwer  a leading provider of legal solutions  in support of their vision to build the next generation of digital legal products "" said William Moriarty  CEO and Co-founder of Lawgood. ""VitalLaw Agreement & Clause Builder will bring an innovative drafting solution and practical resource to law firms and in-house teams alike.""Lawgood provides a seamless user experience requiring no need for tutorials or onboarding process  and helps lawyers make better contracts through a combination of crowdsourced data and decision support technology. With Lawgood  lawyers can draft and review contracts in minutes without having to rely on time-consuming research or costly practice resources.To learn more  visit: https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/solutions/vitallaw-law-firms/vitallaw-agreement-and-clause-builderAbout Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.58,0.4,0.02,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'Lawgood', 'VitalLaw', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'innovative drafting solution', 'seamless user experience', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'digital legal products', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'particular standard clause', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'crowdsourced market positions', 'Am Law 100 firms', 'costly practice resources', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'decision support technology', 'Lawgood agreement templates', 'higher level', 'law firms', 'regulatory sectors', 'fewer resources', 'crowdsourced data', 'specialized technology', 'counter market', 'Legal Markets', 'legal professionals', 'Clause Builder', 'clause language', 'legal solutions', 'VitalLaw Agreement', 'specific clauses', 'similar situations', 'customization options', 'Ken Crutchfield', 'Vice President', 'General Manager', 'cost pressures', 'new tool', 'negotiating position', 'leading provider', 'next generation', 'William Moriarty', 'practical resource', 'house teams', 'onboarding process', 'time-consuming research', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'practice attorneys', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'Lawgood platform', 'professional information', 'latest feature', ""customers' feedback"", 'VitalLaw users', 'Lawgood users', 'pre-selections', 'point', 'view', 'jurisdiction', 'industry', 'needs', 'goals', 'customizations', 'agreements', 'example', 'variation', 'expertise', 'efficiency', 'productivity', 'favorability', 'company', 'trends', 'content', 'lawyers', 'partnership', 'vision', 'CEO', 'founder', 'tutorials', 'contracts', 'combination', 'minutes', 'wolterskluwer', 'vitallaw-law-firms', 'vitallaw-agreement', 'clause-builder', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'risk', 'compliance', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'Email']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,prnewswire.com
7893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4524058-celyad-still-top-notch-oncology,Celyad Stock: Probably Still Top-Notch In Oncology (NASDAQ:CYAD),Celyad Oncology (CYAD) is a seemingly neglected immuno-oncology-focused nano-cap. Check out why I see CYAD as an undervalued oncology play.,"Design CellsThesisCelyad is a Belgian overlooked and under-appraised company in a crowded and difficult-to-master oncology landscape. After a British oncology professor put the company on my radar some months ago  the stock sold off over the past months in bearish biotech times  and additionally over a clinical hold which may be able to be resolved in favor of its drug candidate.Celyad's strategy is to develop next-generation allogeneic immune cell constructs to fight cancer  allogeneic meaning the cells do not originate from the donor itself. That makes sense  as the future of immuno-oncology is allogeneic or off-the-shelf  the existing autologous drugs and drug candidates being too expensive and too time-consuming to make.Celyad owns unique technology that allows plug-and-play construction of chimeric antigen receptors or CAR's on T-cells  to trigger the body's immune system against cancer cells  without any gene-editing.The focus is currently on two allogeneic candidates  CYAD-211 and CYAD-101  with Celyad wishing to partner its autologous CAR-T cell construct CYAD-02  which had equally brought good results.CYAD-211 is being tried in a Phase 1 dose-escalation trial for relapsed/refractory AML and MDS  a hematological cancer  where it has shown good results so far  with no signs of graft-versus-host disease  and good engraftment. Results in cohorts 4 and 5  at maximal dosing of CYAD-211 combined with higher dosing of chemotherapy  will be read out in the second half of 2022. That could be a catalyst.CYAD-101 has the more daunting task to show good results in metastatic colorectal cancer  where it builds on promising earlier results in the monotherapy alloSHRINK trial  and good results of CYAD-01  its autologous predecessor. CYAD-101  to me  is essentially a double killer  a CAR-T cell which also targets what NK cells target. It should furthermore come without the typical CAR-T toxicity  adding to its natural killer cell similarity  which is a great advantage. Solid tumors  a much larger market than liquid tumors  are the next frontier in immuno-oncology  and having a CAR-T cell drug candidate being successful there after so many failures would be big. The recent CYAD-101 trial in combination with Keytruda  a PD-1 inhibitor  is currently facing a clinical hold  with two deaths with similar pulmonary findings having occurred in the trial. I explain below that these pulmonary findings may not be related to CYAD-101 but to Keytruda  which has in fact often generated reports of pulmonary toxicity. To add to that  CYAD-101 was designed to inhibit graft-versus-host disease  and had shown no serious adverse events in the earlier alloSHRINK trial in metastatic colorectal cancer.The combined lack of recent data  the March 2022 clinical hold and the May 2022 discontinuation of CYAD-203 in a biotech bear market have led this company to trade as low as it does. I believe inflection points could be near.Analysts' mean price target of $11 and consistent rating the stock as outperform with an almost +700% upside lead me to consider if the stock should be trading a lot higher.Company overviewShare price and market capIt has been a year-and-a-half ago since Celyad received coverage on Seeking Alpha  with Siva Kumar Raju Kolaru calling the moment a 'chance to get in early and cheap'. The coverage was good  but the call was obviously wrong. Suffice to say few correctly predicted the biotech market obliteration due to macro-economic headwinds  or a clinical hold in a drug candidate that shouldn't generate as much toxicity as other CAR-T's.Celyad's stock has over that period dropped by 81% percent. In 2017 it even traded above $50. By the looks of it  the company is a total bust. Yet  analysts and experts loved it and keep loving it. This is its five-year chart.Celyad five-year chart (Ycharts)At a share price of $1.61  its market cap is $36 million.By the looks of it  this company seems like a total bust. However  still on June 24  2022  Celyad claimed to be a leader in the field of allogeneic CAR T cell therapies. How can both be reconciled? Across my research in companies in the oncology space over the past years  I have seen Celyad's name favorably mentioned time and again  including in a William Blair coverage of April 2022 on advances of immuno-oncology in solid tumors. And I agree Celyad is a gem  which is further advanced in solid tumors than many others are  with perfectly fine drug candidates. I believe the market/investors do not fully understand why Celyad is at the vanguard of its field  and I will explain this a bit below.Celyad's proprietary technologyCelyad's proprietary technology is fourfold. I will focus on the three most relevant technological advances  which are the all-in-one vector  TIM-technology and shRNA-technology. Elucidating this technology first will make the understanding of its drug candidates mentioned below easier. The fourth aspect of its technology  called shARC  allows T-cell armoring with IL-18 and will be used for future drug candidates.The all-in-one vector or plug-and-play approachAll immuno-oncology companies I have looked at mount always more complex elements on an immune cell  mostly a CAR-T or CAR-NK cell. This requires multiple immune-cell editing processes  with the accompanying construction time and cost. Celyad's 'plug-and-play' vector can features all of the add-ons at once  which is innovative and process-friendly.All-in-one vector (Celyad corporate presentation)Is this necessary? I believe it will be if immuno-oncology's goals are ever to reach larger addressable markets. Costs of creating billions and billions of allogeneic T- or NK-cells  with all sorts of always more complex cell editing processes  risk to make the end-product unaffordable. Affordability is a huge issue in immuno-oncology  with costs of therapy currently in the several hundreds of thousands up to a million dollars  not within the budget of most people. The proprietary plug-and-play approach streamlines CAR-development and lowers manufacturing costs. I believe that eventually  in an effort to address the masses  the field of immuno-oncology will look at process-simplifying solutions like these. The investor field does not seem to have evolved so far yet; the focus is currently still on the most complex immune cell-constructs  which are all fine in preclinical development and trials  but eventually they will need to be marketable post approval.I believe that the stage of commercialization is where the highly-praised immuno-oncology companies praised for the moment  with many of their drug candidates still preclinical or in Phase 1 trials  may eventually fail. A look at some drug candidates by Fate (FT536)  (FT596)  (FT538)  (FT573) shows how different cell editing processes are necessary to create a final immune-cell construct. We will see below that Novartis has already come to knock on Celyad's door in 2017.T-cell inhibitory molecule technology (TIM) to reduce graft-versus-host diseaseCelyad's T-cell inhibitory molecule or TIM technology inhibits T-cells signaling to induce graft-versus-host disease (GvHD). In the current T-cell-based immuno-oncology drugs and drug candidates  GvHD is the main cause of morbidity  of auto-immunity or neurotoxicity issues. It is also one of the main reasons why the field has moved away from T-cells to NK-cell based therapies. The T-cell receptor or TCR  present on the surface of T-cells  is responsible for GvHD. Celyad's TIM technology allows overcoming the GvHD issue. It has been shown to work in CYAD-101 in metastatic colorectal cancer  with good results and without any of the first 15 patients showing any signs of GvHD. Again  I believe this is great technology that could be licensed to a larger number of parties in the space.TIM complex (Celyad corporate presentation)The short hairpin RNA technologyCelyad's shRNA technology allows for gene modulation without gene editing. This may lead to longer persistence of immune cells  better engraftment  or knock-down of multiple genes such as MICA and MICB. As a result  there should be less tolerability issues  less cell manipulation  and a shorter manufacturing process.shRNA technology (Celyad ASH 2021 presentation)Celyad's pipelineCelyad pipeline (Celyad corporate presentation)Celyad has two lead drug candidates  CYAD-211 and CYAD-101.CYAD-211CYAD-211 is being tested in a Phase 1 dose-escalation trial called IMMUNICY-1 following preconditioning with CyFlu chemotherapy  for the treatment of relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. It features a vector with a shRNA hairpin incorporating TIM to inhibit GvHD  and includes a CAR expressing an antigen against B-cell maturation.CYAD-211 drawing (Celyad corporate presentation)These are the results presented in December 2021  in heavily pretreated patients:CYAD-211 results so far (Celyad Ash 2021 update)CYAD-211 is efficacious  shows no signs of GvHD probably due to the TIM-technology  and leads to engraftment. Again  combining efficacy with lack of GvHD in CAR-T trials is major. Celyad is now enrolling in cohorts 4 and 5 in its dose-escalation regimen  to see whether higher preconditioning chemotherapy at the highest dose of 300x106 cells per infusion leads to improved cell persistence and maximization of clinical benefit.CYAD-211 dosing cohorts (Celyad corporate presentation)To me  CYAD-211 looks like a perfectly fine drug candidate. I expect improved outcomes and no issues going forward. Additional data from the trial are expected in the second half of 2022. This could be a catalyst.CYAD-101IntroductionCYAD-101 as an allogeneic drug candidate for solid tumors which builds on good results of a prior drug candidate  CYAD-01  which is autologous. CYAD-01 was seen as a milestone development in immuno-oncology as it had mounted an NKG2D receptor on a T-cell. Earlier mostly preclinical developments with NKG2D being mounted on T-cells showed robust anti-cancer activity in AMS  but also in solid tumors such as cervical cancer or glioblastoma  and low toxicity.CYAD-101 features an all-in-one vector with TIM to prevent GvHD  and an NKG2D-based CAR construct to bind to ligands expressed on many tumor cells.CYAD-101 drawing (Celyad corporate presentation)The NKG2D-based CAR basically renders a T-cell into a double killer  as the NKG2D receptor is usually expressed on the surface of NK cells to bind to multiple ligands on cancer cells  such as MICA  MICB and human UL16-binding proteins (ULBPs). So that's a T-cell that can target both NK-cell and T-cell targets  with in principle no GvHD. The below chart shows which tumors express NKG2D ligands.NKG2D expression on tumor cells (Celyad William Blair biotech focus august 2020 slides)Why is this clever? Because a CAR-construct can normally only target a single antigen  which can easily be shed by the tumor to overcome killing and lead to cancer resistance. A solution to this could be to make engineering more complex  e.g. by having a CD19/CD20 CAR construct  which could still target CD20 if CD19 is shed by the tumor cell. More explanation as to why it would be useful to place an NKG2D receptor on a CAR-T cell can be found here (slides 3 to 7).The finished alloSHRINK trialCelyad has already done a Phase 1 trial of CYAD-101 as monotherapy after chemotherapy in mCRC  alloSHRINK  and results were impressive. This is a quote taken from Celyad in that regard:""CYAD-101 is the first allogeneic CAR T candidate  to our knowledge  which has demonstrated confirmed objective responses in the treatment of a solid tumor indication  specifically advanced mCRC  with no clinical evidence of GvHD.CYAD-101 had been given at three dose levels  showing no GvHD  no dose-limiting toxicities  no serious adverse events  and no patient discontinuation. With 15 patients treated  results were outstanding (again  this is well-tolerated T-cell-based immunotherapy in solid tumors). There was a 73% disease control rate  nine patients achieving stable disease  seven patients with disease stabilization of more than or equal to three months  and two patients achieving a partial response including one with a KRAS-mutation.alloSHRINK trial results (Celyad William Blair biotech focus august 2020 slides)Median progression free survival was 3.9 months  and median overall survival was 10.6 months.There was a tumor burden decrease in 8 out of 15 patients  including six patients at dose level 3.Three of four patients treated at the highest dose achieving partial response or stable disease also showed new T-cell clones  showing persistence and activation of the patient's own immune system.I want to reiterate here: immuno-oncology trials in solid tumors typically lead to no success at all  or barely any. Iovance  often considered as a very promising solid tumor play  has shown an objective response of 36% in melanoma and 44% in cervical cancer. Tmunity's (private) MUC-1 trial has failed and led to discontinuation. BioNTech (BNTX) has just received a European priority medicines designation for its autologous CAR-T trial after having shown efficacy in third- or later-line testicular germ cell tumor. The data that were used for such designation came out of a small 16-patient phase 1/2 trial  showing a disease control rate of 86% and an overall response rate of 43%. Other interesting companies such as Poseida Therapeutics (PSTX) or Achilles Therapeutics (ACHL) have market caps of respectively $175 million and $100 million  with ACHL also being undervalued in my opinion. FT500  the first drug candidate that Fate Therapeutics (FATE) had started a trial in solid tumors with  was considered 'commercially unviable' after trial results had come out.The Keynote-B799 trial under clinical holdCYAD-101 is currently in a Phase 1b trial called KEYNOTE-B79  following FOLFOX chemotherapy and combined with Merck's Keytruda as anti-PD-1 therapy for the treatment of refractory metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). First-patient dosing occurred in December 2021. The trial was placed on clinical hold in March 2022 due to deaths in two patients with similar pulmonary findings.Given the safety profile of NKG2D-CAR's and the lack of GvHD due to TIM  as shown in the alloSHRINK trial  the clinical hold came as a surprise.I took a look at whether Merck's Keytruda may have triggered this instead of CYAD-101. Keytruda has been reported multiple times to lead to pneumonitis  pulmonary toxicity and treatment-related mortality. This give me some comfort that Celyad may well be able to relate the pulmonary findings in its trial to Keytruda. One should not forget that  in a Phase 1 trial  one does not treat the patients one wants to treat  but those that one has to treat  after failure of multiple lines of (chemo)therapy. This is obviously the elephant in the room.It is unclear how long clinical holds may take. As an example  the FDA's clinical hold on all five of Allogene's (ALLO) trials occurred in October 2021 and was removed in January 2022.As the market now fully assumes CYAD-101 is a bust  despite showing efficacy and a good safety profile in the alloSHRINK trial  I find there is major opportunity in buying Celyad here. But I may be wrong  and the stock may fall further if the clinical hold does not get resolved.CYAD-02 - up for partnering/saleI will cover CYAD-02 briefly  as it is an autologous candidate which has shown good results  but which Celyad plans to sell as it wants to move ahead with allogeneic candidates. CYAD-02 includes a vector with a NKG2D-CAR and shRNA to knockdown MICA and MICB. The results of the CYCLE-1 study in relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) showed good efficacy and tolerability.Cycle-1 study results (Celyad Ash 2021 update)The discontinuation of CYAD-03CYAD-03 is a so-called 'armored' CAR-T candidate  which saw the addition of IL-18 as a cytokine  to empower the T-cell's anti-cancer activity  and to alter the balance of pro- and anti-inflammatory cells within the tumor microenvironment. Celyad planned to submit an IND by the end of 2022  but discontinued that plan on May 5  2022  after further analysis of preclinical data. Biotech companies with limited budgets reassess their pipelines to only move forward with the best ones. In a competitive landscape  this is something that happens. As the discontinuation occurred before the IND  I am going to trust Celyad knew what it was doing.Partnerships with Novartis  Mesoblast  Merck and Fortress Investment GroupSince 2017  Celyad has an ongoing partnership with Novartis (NVS)  under which Novartis uses Celyad's intellectual property to develop two undisclosed targets. Celyad has received a $4 million upfront payment  and is eligible to receive additional milestone payments of up to $92.0 million  plus royalties based on net sales at percentages in the single digits if these targets make it to market. Celyad is not excluded from licensing its IP rights to other partners.Since May 2018 and with an amendment in 2022  Celyad has entered into agreements with Australian biotech company Mesoblast (MESO) to develop and commercialize an intra-myocardial injection catheter. Celyad received an upfront fee of $1 million in 2018. In the framework of the 2022 amendment  Celyad will receive $1 5 million Mesoblast ordinary shares (currently worth about $4.5 million)  and Celyad may be eligible up to $20 million in clinical  regulatory  and commercial milestone payments.Since September 2020  Celyad has a collaboration agreement with Merck (MRK) to enter into a clinical trial collaboration agreement - the KEYTRUDA-B79 trial.In December 2021  apart from a private placement shares at $5 per share  about 18% above the share price at the time  Fortress Investment Group can choose two persons to be either members of Celyad's Board of Directors or non-voting observers  insofar as Fortress Investment Group continues to hold at least 10% of Celyad's outstanding ordinary shares.CompetitorsCompetitors are numerous in the oncology space. Some of them for solid tumors have been mentioned above. Celyad's latest annual results are a good source for information in that regard. I do notice that  in light of its technology and promising candidates  Celyad seems much undervalued compared to some of its peers  many of which are even less advanced in trials or unsuccessful  certainly in solid tumors. I have already mentioned Fate Therapeutics (FATE) and Nkarta (NKTX) above  with most product candidates in preclinical or phase 1 trials. Some others are mentioned below. Arcellx (ACLX)  with a market cap of around $900 million  has preclinical or stage 1 products. Kura Oncology (KURA)  with a $1.2 billion market cap  has preclinical or phase 1 drug candidates. GT Biopharma (GTBP)  with a $90 million market cap  has assets that are either preclinical or in Phase 1. VOR Biopharma (VOR)  with a $190 million market cap  has assets that are either preclinical or in Phase 1.AnalystsAnalysts have revised their price targets downward in light of recent events  but consistently rate Celyad as outperform  with price targets far above the current share price. The average price target of analysts is $11  which would mean an upside of a bit less than 700% compared to the current share price.RisksAs mentioned above  the clinical hold of the Keynote-B79 is an issue. The question here is whether it can be resolved  and if so  in which timeframe. If it doesn't  Celyad may have to reorganize its trials  either pursuing CYAD-101 as a monotherapy or combining it with another drug.As Celyad's assets are early-stage  further risks along the development path can still be encountered. There is no certainty that the drug candidates are ever approved  and the competitive field may look different as time progresses. The FDA may impose restrictions on certain combinations of drugs (e.g. PD-1 inhibitors + CAR-T)  and the first allogeneic CAR-T trial has yet to be approved.Financing is another risk factor. At a given time  Celyad may need to dilute shares as it is looking for additional funding. That may happen sometime in 2023.Finally  Celyad trades both on the Nasdaq and on Euronext with low liquidity. Buying or selling large numbers of shares at one time may be an issue.FinancialsCelyad has a cash position of about $20.5 million. Its net cash burn for the last quarter was $10.6 million. It claims that  with access to an equity purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Fund LLC  it has sufficient access to cash to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements until mid-2023.ConclusionI see Celyad as an undervalued oncology play with state-of-the-art science  including a plug-and-play vector  CAR-T's that inhibit graft-versus-host-disease and two promising drug candidates. Efficiently and prohibiting graft-versus-host disease  Celyad has turned CAR-T cells into double killers.One of its drug candidates CYAD-101 is in solid tumors  where it has shown impressive results in the alloSHRINK monotherapy trial. However  in combination with Merck's PD-1 inhibitor  this trial is on clinical hold since four months. I assume this will not be the end of development of this drug candidate  and explain above why I believe the clinical hold may be related to Keytruda's pulmonary toxicity issues. But that is a possibility  and I could be wrong here.Although some immuno-oncology companies may have been overvalued before the biotech bear market  Celyad has consistently been the most undervalued one that I have seen. The sell-off has been so bad that the market assigns little to no value to this company's drug candidates  partnerships or technology. The sell-side analysts' mean price target is about 700% higher than the actual share price.Apart from a possible lift of the clinical hold  I see some other possible near-term inflection points  such as upcoming data release for CYAD-211  at highest dosing combined with higher-doses of chemotherapy  scheduled for the second half of 2022.",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,mixed,0.33,0.08,0.59,True,English,"['Celyad Stock', 'Notch', 'Oncology', 'NASDAQ', 'CYAD', 'three most relevant technological advances', 'next-generation allogeneic immune cell constructs', 'allogeneic CAR T cell therapies', 'Siva Kumar Raju Kolaru', 'natural killer cell similarity', 'autologous CAR-T cell construct', 'CAR-T cell drug candidate', 'two allogeneic candidates', 'bearish biotech times', 'existing autologous drugs', 'chimeric antigen receptors', 'serious adverse events', 'Phase 1 dose-escalation trial', 'monotherapy alloSHRINK trial', 'biotech bear market', 'biotech market obliteration', 'mean price target', 'master oncology landscape', 'British oncology professor', 'metastatic colorectal cancer', 'fine drug candidates', 'earlier alloSHRINK trial', 'typical CAR-T toxicity', 'similar pulmonary findings', 'William Blair coverage', 'March 2022 clinical hold', 'future drug candidates', 'recent CYAD-101 trial', 'Celyad five-year chart', 'immune system', 'autologous predecessor', 'double killer', 'other CAR-T', 'two deaths', 'recent data', 'larger market', 'market cap', 'pulmonary toxicity', 'Share price', 'earlier results', 'oncology space', 'hematological cancer', 'Belgian overlooked', 'past months', 'refractory AML', 'host disease', 'good engraftment', 'maximal dosing', 'higher dosing', 'second half', 'daunting task', 'great advantage', 'Solid tumors', 'liquid tumors', 'next frontier', 'many failures', 'PD-1 inhibitor', 'combined lack', 'May 2022 discontinuation', 'inflection points', 'consistent rating', 'macro-economic headwinds', 'total bust', 'past years', 'many others', 'one vector', 'fourth aspect', 'T-cell armoring', 'cancer cells', 'good results', 'Design Cells', 'NK cells', 'unique technology', 'proprietary technology', 'Company overview', 'Thesis', 'radar', 'stock', 'favor', 'strategy', 'donor', 'sense', 'immuno', 'shelf', 'play', 'construction', 'T-cells', 'body', 'gene-editing', 'focus', 'MDS', 'signs', 'cohorts', 'chemotherapy', 'catalyst', 'promising', 'CYAD-01', 'combination', 'Keytruda', 'fact', 'reports', 'CYAD-20', 'Analysts', 'outperform', '+700% upside', 'Alpha', 'moment', 'call', 'period', '81% percent', 'looks', 'experts', 'Ycharts', 'June', 'leader', 'field', 'research', 'companies', 'name', 'April', 'gem', 'investors', 'vanguard', 'TIM-technology', 'shRNA-technology', 'understanding', 'IL-18']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,seekingalpha.com
7894,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-07/56589779-visiativ-development-of-international-consulting-activities-acquisition-of-the-braithwaite-company-based-in-canada-and-ireland-650.htm,VISIATIV: DEVELOPMENT OF INTERNATIONAL CONSULTING ACTIVITIES: ACQUISITION OF THE BRAITHWAITE COMPANY BASED IN CANADA AND IRELAND,Visiativ  a digital transformation and innovation expert for small and medium-sized businesses  is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (FR0004029478  ALVIV). Visiativ,"Lyon  19 July 2022  6:00 p.m. Visiativ  a digital transformation and innovation expert for small and medium-sized businesses  is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (FR0004029478  ALVIV).Visiativ announced the acquisition of Braithwaite  the innovation financing consulting firm based in Canada (Toronto) and in Ireland (Dublin). This acquisition will strengthen the management and financing consulting activities of the Visiativ group (under the ABGI brand) in North America (Canada - Ontario) and will provide the group with a new presence in Europe (in the Republic of Ireland). Bringing together around 30 consultants  Braithwaite generated revenue of CAD 2.5m (€1.9m) in 2021.For nearly 30 years  Braithwaite has been supporting major companies in all business sectors in financing their R&D in Canada (Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) and in Ireland (R&D Tax Credit) to promote their innovation and development.This new acquisition will enable the strengthening of the local and international presence of ABGI thanks to the acquisition of one of the global pioneers in the business with a strong reputation with both customers and Canadian taxation and grants authorities.Since 2017  ABGI has been present in the United States (Houston)  Brazil (Sao Paulo) and in Canada (Montreal). In 2019  the group continued its international expansion with the acquisition of Jumpstart and MSC Associates in the United Kingdom  as well as IFTC in Northern Ireland. Since 2021  ABGI has been present in Germany with the German pioneer in innovation financing  Partner Für Innovation & Förderung (PFIF).Braithwaite generated revenue of around CAD 2.5m (€1.9m) in 2021  as well as profitability on a par with that of ABGI.The acquisition of 100% of the capital of Braithwaite  which will be consolidated from 1 July 2022  was agreed to be fully funded from cash.Bruce Braithwaite  Founder and Chairman of Braithwaite  declared:"" We are delighted to join the teams at ABGI and Visiativ  who will enable our company to continue its development  enshrining similar values to those our company and our employees have always upheld: ethics  service quality and customer satisfaction. We share the same vision of our business in the service of innovation and corporate funding.""ABOUT VISIATIVVisiativ's mission is to make digital transformation a performance lever for companies. We do this by co-building alongside our customers  over the long term. We call this our promise: ""Sharing  is growing"".We support our customers by providing solutions and services to plan  implement  manage and monitor transformations with a unique and innovative approach through three pillars: Consult (consulting & support)  Engage (solutions & deployment) and Connect (communities for exchange and sharing). With over 35 years of proven experience working with more than 21 000 Small & Mid-Market customers  Visiativ has achieved revenues of €214 million in 2021. Visiativ is present in 11 countries (Belgium  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Luxembourg  Morocco  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  USA and Switzerland) and has more than 1 100 employees.Visiativ (ISIN code FR0004029478  ALVIV) is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. The share is eligible for PEA and PEA-PME.For further information visit www.visiativ.comVISIATIV CONTACTLydia JOUVALExternal CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)4 78 87 29 29lydia.jouval@visiativ.com INVESTOR CONTACTACTUSMathieu OMNESTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr PRESS CONTACTACTUSSerena BONITel.: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.fr------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:mm1plMqclZrFnnFylMZtbmpsZmaTkmWYaJOenGVuZJeXnWtplJhoa8bKZnBmmmxo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-75572-visiativ-pr-braithwaite-19072022-en.pdf",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['INTERNATIONAL CONSULTING ACTIVITIES', 'BRAITHWAITE COMPANY', 'VISIATIV', 'DEVELOPMENT', 'ACQUISITION', 'THE', 'CANADA', 'IRELAND', 'R&D Tax Credit', 'innovation financing consulting firm', 'financing consulting activities', 'next press releases', 'Copyright Actusnews Wire', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'digital transformation', 'medium-sized businesses', 'Euronext Growth', 'North America', 'new presence', 'Scientific Research', 'SR&ED', 'international presence', 'global pioneers', 'strong reputation', 'Canadian taxation', 'grants authorities', 'United States', 'Sao Paulo', 'international expansion', 'MSC Associates', 'United Kingdom', 'German pioneer', 'Förderung', 'similar values', 'customer satisfaction', 'same vision', 'corporate funding', 'performance lever', 'long term', 'innovative approach', 'three pillars', 'proven experience', 'ISIN code', 'External Communication', 'INVESTOR CONTACT', 'Mathieu OMNES', 'Serena BONI', 'original release', 'PDF format', 'innovation expert', 'major companies', 'service quality', 'business sectors', 'Experimental Development', 'Northern Ireland', 'Mid-Market customers', 'VISIATIV CONTACT', 'ABGI brand', 'new acquisition', 'Bruce Braithwaite', 'Lydia JOUVAL', 'Visiativ group', 'Lyon', '19 July', 'small', 'Paris', 'ALVIV', 'Canada', 'Toronto', 'Dublin', 'management', 'Ontario', 'Europe', 'Republic', '30 consultants', 'revenue', 'CAD', '30 years', 'strengthening', 'local', 'Houston', 'Brazil', 'Montreal', 'Jumpstart', 'IFTC', 'Germany', 'Partner', 'PFIF', 'profitability', 'capital', '1 July', 'cash', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'teams', 'company', 'employees', 'ethics', 'mission', 'solutions', 'services', 'transformations', 'unique', 'support', 'Engage', 'deployment', 'Connect', 'communities', 'exchange', 'sharing', '35 years', '11 countries', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'Morocco', 'Netherlands', 'USA', 'Switzerland', 'share', 'PEA', 'information', 'Tel.', 'momnes', 'sboni', 'publication', 'mm1plMqclZrFnnFylMZtbmpsZmaTkmWYaJOenGVuZJeXnWtplJhoa8bKZnBmmmxo', 'email', 'Full', 'documents', '6:00', '2.5', '4', '33']",2022-07-05,2022-07-19,finanznachrichten.de
7895,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/visiativ/cp/2022/07/19/development-of-international-consulting-activities-acquisition-of-the-braithwaite-company-based-in-canada-and-ireland,DEVELOPMENT OF INTERNATIONAL CONSULTING ACTIVITIES: ACQUISITION OF THE BRAITHWAITE COMPANY BASED IN CANADA AND IRELAND,Visiativ announced the acquisition of Braithwaite  the innovation financing consulting firm based in Canada (Toronto) and in Ireland (Dublin). This acquisition will strengthen the management and financing consulting activities of the Visiativ group (under the ABGI brand) in North America (Canada - Ontario) and will provide the group with a new presence in Europe (in the Republic of Ireland).,"19/07/2022 - 18:00Lyon  19 July 2022  6:00 p.m. Visiativ  a digital transformation and innovation expert for small and medium-sized businesses  is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (FR0004029478  ALVIV).Visiativ announced the acquisition of Braithwaite  the innovation financing consulting firm based in Canada (Toronto) and in Ireland (Dublin). This acquisition will strengthen the management and financing consulting activities of the Visiativ group (under the ABGI brand) in North America (Canada - Ontario) and will provide the group with a new presence in Europe (in the Republic of Ireland). Bringing together around 30 consultants  Braithwaite generated revenue of CAD 2.5m (€1.9m) in 2021.For nearly 30 years  Braithwaite has been supporting major companies in all business sectors in financing their R&D in Canada (Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SR&ED) and in Ireland (R&D Tax Credit) to promote their innovation and development.This new acquisition will enable the strengthening of the local and international presence of ABGI thanks to the acquisition of one of the global pioneers in the business with a strong reputation with both customers and Canadian taxation and grants authorities.Since 2017  ABGI has been present in the United States (Houston)  Brazil (Sao Paulo) and in Canada (Montreal). In 2019  the group continued its international expansion with the acquisition of Jumpstart and MSC Associates in the United Kingdom  as well as IFTC in Northern Ireland. Since 2021  ABGI has been present in Germany with the German pioneer in innovation financing  Partner Für Innovation & Förderung (PFIF).Braithwaite generated revenue of around CAD 2.5m (€1.9m) in 2021  as well as profitability on a par with that of ABGI.The acquisition of 100% of the capital of Braithwaite  which will be consolidated from 1 July 2022  was agreed to be fully funded from cash.Bruce Braithwaite  Founder and Chairman of Braithwaite  declared:“ We are delighted to join the teams at ABGI and Visiativ  who will enable our company to continue its development  enshrining similar values to those our company and our employees have always upheld: ethics  service quality and customer satisfaction. We share the same vision of our business in the service of innovation and corporate funding.”ABOUT VISIATIVVisiativ's mission is to make digital transformation a performance lever for companies. We do this by co-building alongside our customers  over the long term. We call this our promise: ""Sharing  is growing"".We support our customers by providing solutions and services to plan  implement  manage and monitor transformations with a unique and innovative approach through three pillars: Consult (consulting & support)  Engage (solutions & deployment) and Connect (communities for exchange and sharing). With over 35 years of proven experience working with more than 21 000 Small & Mid-Market customers  Visiativ has achieved revenues of €214 million in 2021. Visiativ is present in 11 countries (Belgium  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Luxembourg  Morocco  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  USA and Switzerland) and has more than 1 100 employees.Visiativ (ISIN code FR0004029478  ALVIV) is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. The share is eligible for PEA and PEA-PME.For further information visit www.visiativ.com",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['INTERNATIONAL CONSULTING ACTIVITIES', 'BRAITHWAITE COMPANY', 'DEVELOPMENT', 'ACQUISITION', 'THE', 'CANADA', 'IRELAND', 'R&D Tax Credit', 'innovation financing consulting firm', 'consulting activities', 'digital transformation', 'medium-sized businesses', 'Euronext Growth', 'North America', 'new presence', 'Scientific Research', 'SR&ED', 'international presence', 'global pioneers', 'strong reputation', 'Canadian taxation', 'grants authorities', 'United States', 'Sao Paulo', 'international expansion', 'MSC Associates', 'United Kingdom', 'German pioneer', 'Förderung', 'similar values', 'customer satisfaction', 'same vision', 'corporate funding', 'performance lever', 'long term', 'innovative approach', 'three pillars', 'proven experience', 'ISIN code', 'innovation expert', 'major companies', 'service quality', 'business sectors', 'Experimental Development', 'Northern Ireland', 'Mid-Market customers', 'ABGI brand', 'new acquisition', 'Bruce Braithwaite', 'Visiativ group', 'Lyon', '19 July', 'small', 'Paris', 'ALVIV', 'Canada', 'Toronto', 'Dublin', 'management', 'Ontario', 'Europe', 'Republic', '30 consultants', 'revenue', 'CAD', '30 years', 'strengthening', 'local', 'Houston', 'Brazil', 'Montreal', 'Jumpstart', 'IFTC', 'Germany', 'Partner', 'PFIF', 'profitability', 'capital', '1 July', 'cash', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'teams', 'company', 'employees', 'ethics', 'mission', 'solutions', 'services', 'transformations', 'unique', 'support', 'Engage', 'deployment', 'Connect', 'communities', 'exchange', 'sharing', '35 years', '11 countries', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'Morocco', 'Netherlands', 'USA', 'Switzerland', 'share', 'PEA', 'information', '6:00', '2.5']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,actusnews.com
7896,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/touax-increased-financing-capacity-support-154500809.html,Touax: Increased financing capacity to support Containers division growth,PRESS RELEASE Paris  19 July 2022 – 5.45 p.m. YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION Increased financing capacity to support Containers division growth TOUAX announces it has successfully renewed on 18 July 2022 the asset-backed facilities of its Containers division for an amount of $100.,TOUAXPRESS RELEASE Paris  19 July 2022 – 5.45 p.m.YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONIncreased financing capacity to support Containers division growthTOUAX announces it has successfully renewed on 18 July 2022 the asset-backed facilities of its Containers division for an amount of $100.5 million  increased from $75 million in the initial 2020 financing agreement.This transaction allows the refinancing of Touax Container Asset Financing Ltd portfolio of assets over 4 years and the financing of the growth of the division (notably through the purchase of equipment for leasing). The documentation also provides for an additional $15 million accordion option  allowing the capex line to be scaled up.TOUAX and its lenders have innovated through the integration of a working capital facility dedicated to the trading of containers  an activity successfully developed by the group recently. TOUAX will also start in the coming weeks a process to add ESG criteria into the financing agreement.Financing is granted by ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  ING Belgium SA/NV and NIBC Bank N.V.Touax was advised by Stephenson Harwood Paris (legal counsel).UPCOMING EVENTS28 September 2022: Publication of H1 results29 September 2022: Video conference call to present the H1 results in French30 September 2022: Video conference call to present the H1 results in English14 November 2022: Q3 revenue from activitiesTOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis worldwide  both on its own account and for investors. With more than €1.2 billion of assets under management  TOUAX is one of the leading European players in the leasing of such equipment.TOUAX is listed on the EURONEXT stock market in Paris – Euronext Paris Compartment C (ISIN: FR0000033003) – and is listed on the CAC® Small  CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices.For further information please visit: www.touax.comStory continuesContacts:TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël Walewski Ghislaine Gasparettotouax@touax.com ggasparetto@actifin.frwww.touax.com Tel: +33 1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Containers division growth', 'financing capacity', 'Touax', 'Touax Container Asset Financing Ltd portfolio', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'NIBC Bank N.V.', 'additional $15 million accordion option', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'EURONEXT stock market', 'working capital facility', 'ING Belgium SA/NV', 'Video conference call', 'leading European players', 'EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices', 'Raphaël Walewski', 'Stephenson Harwood Paris', 'initial 2020 financing agreement', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto touax', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'Containers division growth', 'financing capacity', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'asset-backed facilities', 'capex line', 'coming weeks', 'ESG criteria', 'legal counsel', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'H1 results', 'Q3 revenue', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'further information', 'CAC® Small', 'tangible assets', 'TOUAX Group', '19 July', '18 July', 'amount', 'transaction', 'refinancing', '4 years', 'purchase', 'equipment', 'documentation', 'lenders', 'integration', 'trading', 'activity', 'process', '28 September', 'Publication', '29 September', 'French', '30 September', 'English', '14 November', 'activities', 'account', 'investors', 'management', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'ggasparetto', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5.45', '€1.2', '33', '56']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,uk.finance.yahoo.com
7897,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.globalinvestorgroup.com/articles/3698932/ostc-chief-hodgkinson-to-leave-as-training-arm-spins-off,OSTC chief Hodgkinson to leave as training arm spins off,The chief executive of OSTC Lee Hodgkinson has said he is stepping down from that role as the prop trading and training firm moves ahead with a corporate restructuring. Hodgkinson  who has led OSTC for more than four years after joining from Euronext in 2018 ,The chief executive of OSTC Lee Hodgkinson has said he is stepping down from that role as the prop trading group spins off its training arm into a separate entity.Hodgkinson  who has led OSTC for more than four years after joining from Euronext in 2018  said he will leave his post as group chief executive before the end of next week.“After four fantastic years as CEO  I will be leaving OSTC at the end of this month ” Hodgkinson said on Tuesday. “I’m taking up a truly unique opportunity  and the next exciting chapter in my career begins shortly.”Hodgkinson told Global Investor his departure is timed to coincide with a corporate restructuring that will see OSTC's fast-growing training arm ZISHI become independent from the group's traditional proprietary trading business.The firm has made in the past two years acquisitions to grow ZISHI Cornerstone  including FSTP in May 2021  BG Consulting in January 2021 and UK options training firm Volcube in late 2020.OSTC Group chairman Jonny Aucamp said: “The time is right to separate our business activities into two-individual standalone companies so they can pursue their individual strategic priorities. Both businesses have significant standalone potential  and the separation will enable increased agility and greater operational focus.”Under the new corporate structure  current vice chairman and former OSTC chief executive Mark Slade is stepping in to run the prop trading business while Chris Jenkins retains control of ZISHI.Michael Shirley  currently head of trading  becomes deputy chief executive of OSTC Markets.Hodgkinson said last year OSTC was looking at a stock market listing  possibly in the middle of this year or the start of next  after its initial plans were disrupted by the Covid pandemic.He told Global Investor in May last year the firm planned to list on London’s AIM as early as this summer.“Our anticipated IPO window opens at the end of summer 2022 and moves into spring 2023  but this will depend on prevailing market conditions  the continued successful execution of our strategy and a range of other factors such as whether the pandemic is truly in the rear-view mirror ” Hodgkinson said early last year.Hodgkinson stepped down from his role as chief executive officer of Euronext London in early April 2018 to replace Mark Slade as head of OSTC.Hodgkinson had been in his role as head of markets  global sales and chief executive of Euronext in London since December 2013. Prior to that  he was chief executive officer of SmartPool trading for over eight years. Earlier in his career  he held senior positions at NYSE Euronext and was chief executive officer of SIX Swiss Exchange's blue chip international equity business.,neutral,0.04,0.51,0.46,mixed,0.3,0.24,0.46,True,English,"['OSTC chief Hodgkinson', 'training arm', 'blue chip international equity business', 'former OSTC chief executive Mark Slade', 'past two years acquisitions', 'traditional proprietary trading business', 'UK options training firm', 'deputy chief executive', 'chief executive officer', 'prop trading business', 'two-individual standalone companies', 'individual strategic priorities', 'significant standalone potential', 'greater operational focus', 'current vice chairman', 'stock market listing', 'prevailing market conditions', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'group chief executive', 'next exciting chapter', 'growing training arm', 'new corporate structure', 'four fantastic years', 'prop trading group', 'OSTC Group chairman', 'OSTC Lee Hodgkinson', 'business activities', 'four years', 'eight years', 'SmartPool trading', 'next week', 'corporate restructuring', 'separate entity', 'unique opportunity', 'Global Investor', 'BG Consulting', 'Jonny Aucamp', 'Chris Jenkins', 'Michael Shirley', 'initial plans', 'IPO window', 'successful execution', 'other factors', 'rear-view mirror', 'early April', 'global sales', 'senior positions', 'OSTC Markets', 'Covid pandemic', 'NYSE Euronext', 'ZISHI Cornerstone', 'Euronext London', 'ZISHI.', 'role', 'post', 'end', 'CEO', 'month', 'Tuesday', 'career', 'departure', 'FSTP', 'May', 'January', 'Volcube', 'late', 'time', 'businesses', 'separation', 'agility', 'control', 'head', 'middle', 'start', 'AIM', 'summer', 'spring', 'continued', 'strategy', 'range', 'December']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,globalinvestorgroup.com
7898,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.globalinvestorgroup.com/articles/3698932/ostc-chief-hodgkinson-to-leave-amid-corporate-restructuring,OSTC chief Hodgkinson to leave amid corporate restructuring,The chief executive of OSTC Lee Hodgkinson has said he is stepping down from that role as the prop trading and training firm moves ahead with a corporate restructuring. Hodgkinson  who has led OSTC for more than four years after joining from Euronext in 2018 ,The chief executive of OSTC Lee Hodgkinson has said he is stepping down from that role as the prop trading group spins off its training arm into a separate entity.Hodgkinson  who has led OSTC for more than four years after joining from Euronext in 2018  said he will leave his post as group chief executive before the end of next week.“After four fantastic years as CEO  I will be leaving OSTC at the end of this month ” Hodgkinson said on Tuesday. “I’m taking up a truly unique opportunity  and the next exciting chapter in my career begins shortly.”Hodgkinson told Global Investor his departure is timed to coincide with a corporate restructuring that will see OSTC's fast-growing training arm ZISHI become independent from the group's traditional proprietary trading business.The firm has made in the past two years acquisitions to grow ZISHI Cornerstone  including FSTP in May 2021  BG Consulting in January 2021 and UK options training firm Volcube in late 2020.OSTC Group chairman Jonny Aucamp said: “The time is right to separate our business activities into two-individual standalone companies so they can pursue their individual strategic priorities. Both businesses have significant standalone potential  and the separation will enable increased agility and greater operational focus.”Under the new corporate structure  current vice chairman and former OSTC chief executive Mark Slade is stepping in to run the prop trading business while Chris Jenkins retains control of ZISHI.Michael Shirley  currently head of trading  becomes deputy chief executive of OSTC Markets.Hodgkinson said last year OSTC was looking at a stock market listing  possibly in the middle of this year or the start of next  after its initial plans were disrupted by the Covid pandemic.He told Global Investor in May last year the firm planned to list on London’s AIM as early as this summer.“Our anticipated IPO window opens at the end of summer 2022 and moves into spring 2023  but this will depend on prevailing market conditions  the continued successful execution of our strategy and a range of other factors such as whether the pandemic is truly in the rear-view mirror ” Hodgkinson said early last year.Hodgkinson stepped down from his role as chief executive officer of Euronext London in early April 2018 to replace Mark Slade as head of OSTC.Hodgkinson had been in his role as head of markets  global sales and chief executive of Euronext in London since December 2013. Prior to that  he was chief executive officer of SmartPool trading for over eight years. Earlier in his career  he held senior positions at NYSE Euronext and was chief executive officer of SIX Swiss Exchange's blue chip international equity business.,neutral,0.05,0.55,0.39,mixed,0.3,0.24,0.46,True,English,"['OSTC chief Hodgkinson', 'corporate restructuring', 'blue chip international equity business', 'former OSTC chief executive Mark Slade', 'past two years acquisitions', 'traditional proprietary trading business', 'UK options training firm', 'deputy chief executive', 'chief executive officer', 'prop trading business', 'two-individual standalone companies', 'individual strategic priorities', 'significant standalone potential', 'greater operational focus', 'current vice chairman', 'stock market listing', 'prevailing market conditions', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'group chief executive', 'next exciting chapter', 'growing training arm', 'new corporate structure', 'four fantastic years', 'prop trading group', 'OSTC Group chairman', 'OSTC Lee Hodgkinson', 'business activities', 'four years', 'eight years', 'SmartPool trading', 'next week', 'corporate restructuring', 'separate entity', 'unique opportunity', 'Global Investor', 'BG Consulting', 'Jonny Aucamp', 'Chris Jenkins', 'Michael Shirley', 'initial plans', 'IPO window', 'successful execution', 'other factors', 'rear-view mirror', 'early April', 'global sales', 'senior positions', 'OSTC Markets', 'Covid pandemic', 'NYSE Euronext', 'ZISHI Cornerstone', 'Euronext London', 'ZISHI.', 'role', 'post', 'end', 'CEO', 'month', 'Tuesday', 'career', 'departure', 'FSTP', 'May', 'January', 'Volcube', 'late', 'time', 'businesses', 'separation', 'agility', 'control', 'head', 'middle', 'start', 'AIM', 'summer', 'spring', 'continued', 'strategy', 'range', 'December']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,globalinvestorgroup.com
7899,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-07/56586021-umanis-simplified-tender-offer-cgi-now-holds-91-54-of-umanis-share-capital-650.htm,UMANIS: SIMPLIFIED TENDER OFFER: CGI NOW HOLDS 91.54% OF UMANIS' SHARE CAPITAL,"CGI Inc. (""CGI"") (NYSE: GIB) (TSX: GIB.A) and Umanis SA (""Umanis"") (Euronext Growth - FR0013263878 - ALUMS) announce that on July 18  2022  the French financial markets","Paris  France  July 19  2022 - CGI Inc. (""CGI"") (NYSE: GIB) (TSX: GIB.A) and Umanis SA (""Umanis"") (Euronext Growth - FR0013263878 - ALUMS) announce that on July 18  2022  the French financial markets (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) has published the results of a simplified tender offer for all Umanis shares not held by CGI France SAS (""CGI France"")  which closed on July 13  2022.As part of the simplified tender offer  CGI France acquired 2 428 749 shares in Umanis and now holds a total of 16 983 876 shares  representing 91.54% of the company's capital and at least 91.42% of voting rights.[1]In accordance with the terms of its simplified tender offer  CGI France intends to request implementation of the squeeze-out procedure at the same price as the simplified tender offer  or €17.15 per Umanis share  net of all costs.Trading on Umanis shares has been suspended since July 14  2022.""We are pleased to have reached this decisive stage in the acquisition of Umanis "" said Laurent Gerin  President  Western and Southern Europe  CGI. ""Our teams look forward to working together to deliver even more value to our clients. We are confident in our ability to quickly get on track for the start of our new fiscal year.""""We are delighted with the success of the simplified tender offer  which applied to all Umanis shares "" said Olivier Pouligny  CEO of Umanis. ""We are already collaborating closely on the next steps of the integration to ensure our clients continue to receive superior service and benefit from the extended capabilities of CGI.""About CGIFounded in 1976  CGI is among the largest independent IT and business consulting services firms in the world. With 84 000 consultants and professionals across the globe  CGI delivers an end-to-end portfolio of capabilities  from strategic IT and business consulting to systems integration  managed IT and business process services and intellectual property solutions. CGI works with clients through a local relationship model complemented by a global delivery network that helps clients digitally transform their organizations and accelerate results. CGI Fiscal 2021 reported revenue is $12.13 billion and CGI shares are listed on the TSX(GIB.A) and the NYSE(GIB). Learn more at cgi.com.About UmanisUmanis is a digital services company specializing in data  digital and business solutions with annual sales of approximately €246 million. Umanis has been operating for more than 30 years  mainly in the French market. Established in 1990  Umanis leverages its expertise in five major areas (big data and artificial intelligence  infrastructure and the cloud  digital experience  and integration of business and BPO solutions) to support clients through their digital transformation. Umanis is based in Paris and has approximately 3 000 employees in France  Spain  Luxembourg  Morocco and Switzerland. Shares are listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. For more information  please visit umanis.com.Forward-looking information and statementsThis press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other applicable United States safe harbours. All such forward-looking information and statements are made and disclosed in reliance upon the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian and United States securities laws.Forward-looking information and statements include all information and statements regarding CGI's intentions  plans  expectations  beliefs  objectives  future performance  and strategy  as well as any other information or statements that relate to future events or circumstances and which do not directly and exclusively relate to historical facts. Forward-looking information and statements often but not always use words such as ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""anticipate""  ""foresee""  ""plan""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""aim""  ""seek""  ""strive""  ""potential""  ""continue""  ""target""  ""may""  ""might""  ""could""  ""should""  and similar expressions and variations thereof. These information and statements are based on our perception of historic trends  current conditions and expected future developments  as well as other assumptions  both general and specific  that we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. Such information and statements are  however  by their very nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties  of which many are beyond the control of CGI  and which give rise to the possibility that actual results could differ materially from our expectations expressed in  or implied by  such forward-looking information or forward-looking statements.These risks and uncertainties include but are not restricted to: risks related to the market such as the level of business activity of our clients  which is affected by economic and political conditions  additional external risks (such as pandemics  armed conflict and inflation) and our ability to negotiate new contracts; risks related to our industry such as competition and our ability to attract and retain qualified employees  to develop and expand our services  to penetrate new markets  and to protect our intellectual property rights; risks related to our business such as risks associated with our growth strategy  including the integration of new operations  financial and operational risks inherent in worldwide operations  foreign exchange risks  income tax laws and other tax programs  our ability to negotiate favourable contractual terms  to deliver our services and to collect receivables  the reputational and financial risks attendant to cybersecurity breaches and other incidents  and financial risks such as liquidity needs and requirements  maintenance of financial ratios  and changes in creditworthiness and credit ratings; as well as other risks identified or incorporated by reference in this press release  in CGI's annual and quarterly MD&A and in other documents that we make public  including our filings with the Canadian Securities Administrators (on SEDAR at www.sedar.com) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (on EDGAR at www.sec.gov). For a discussion of risks in response to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  see Pandemic risks in section 8.1.1. of our Q2 2022 MD&A.Unless otherwise stated  the forward-looking information and statements contained in this press release are made as of the date hereof and CGI disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking information or forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by applicable law. While we believe that our assumptions on which these forward-looking information and forward-looking statements are based were reasonable as at the date of this press release  readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking information or statements.Furthermore  readers are reminded that forward-looking information and statements are presented for the sole purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives  strategic priorities and business outlook as well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Further information on the risks that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from our current expectations may be found in the section titled Risk Environment of CGI's annual and quarterly MD&A  which is incorporated by reference in this cautionary statement. We also caution readers that the above-mentioned risks and the risks disclosed in CGI's annual and quarterly MD&A and other documents and filings are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse effect on our financial position  financial performance  cash flows  business or reputation.For more informationCGI ContactsInvestorsKevin LinderSenior Vice-President  Investor Relationskevin.linder@cgi.com+1 905-973-8363MediaDelphine TorresDirector  Public Affairs  Western and Southern Europedelphine.torres@cgi.com+33 6 74 36 39 52Umanis ContactACTUS finance & communicationMathieu OmnesInvestor Relationsmomnes@actus.fr+33 1 53 67 36 92[1] Based on share capital on July 13  2022  comprised of 18 553 760 shares representing no more than 18 577 532 theoretical votes  and not including 487 920 treasury shares held by Umanis.------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:lWqcZMdnZmyWnJ1tZchtZmOZl5hnl2eaapaWlGpxZsnKaGqSyZliaJeVZnBmmmpu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-75558-umanis-share-en-final.pdf",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.38,0.27,0.35,True,English,"['TENDER OFFER', ""UMANIS' SHARE"", 'CGI', 'CAPITAL', 'United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'other applicable United States safe harbours', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'United States securities laws', 'business consulting services firms', 'Canadian securities laws', 'safe harbour provisions', 'local relationship model', 'global delivery network', 'five major areas', 'business process services', 'French financial markets', 'intellectual property solutions', 'simplified tender offer', 'new fiscal year', 'largest independent IT', 'additional external risks', 'digital services company', 'applicable Canadian', 'CGI France SAS', 'other assumptions', 'other information', 'business solutions', 'new contracts', 'BPO solutions', 'business activity', 'Euronext Growth', 'voting rights', 'squeeze-out procedure', 'same price', 'decisive stage', 'Laurent Gerin', 'Southern Europe', 'Olivier Pouligny', 'next steps', 'superior service', 'strategic IT', 'annual sales', 'French market', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'digital experience', 'digital transformation', 'press release', 'future performance', 'future events', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'historic trends', 'current conditions', 'future developments', 'political conditions', 'armed conflict', 'CGI Fiscal 2021', 'Forward-looking information', 'Such information', 'inherent risks', 'extended capabilities', 'end portfolio', 'CGI Inc.', 'Umanis SA', 'Umanis share', 'systems integration', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'CGI shares', '2,428,749 shares', '16,983,876 shares', 'CGI.', 'Paris', 'NYSE', 'GIB', 'ALUMS', 'July', 'part', 'total', 'capital', 'accordance', 'terms', 'implementation', 'costs', 'Trading', 'acquisition', 'President', 'Western', 'teams', 'value', 'clients', 'ability', 'track', 'start', 'success', 'CEO', 'benefit', 'world', '84,000 consultants', 'professionals', 'globe', 'organizations', 'revenue', 'TSX', '30 years', 'expertise', 'infrastructure', 'cloud', '3,000 employees', 'Spain', 'Luxembourg', 'Morocco', 'Switzerland', 'meaning', 'reliance', 'intentions', 'plans', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'objectives', 'strategy', 'circumstances', 'words', 'believe', 'project', 'target', 'variations', 'perception', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'rise', 'possibility', 'level', 'economic', 'pandemics', 'inflation', 'industry', 'competition']",2022-07-05,2022-07-19,finanznachrichten.de
7900,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/simplified-tender-offer-cgi-now-103000679.html,SIMPLIFIED TENDER OFFER: CGI NOW HOLDS 91.54% OF UMANIS' SHARE CAPITAL,"CGI Inc. (""CGI"") (NYSE: GIB) (TSX: GIB.A) and Umanis SA (""Umanis"") (Euronext Growth - FR0013263878 - ALUMS) announce that on July 18  2022  the French financial markets (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) has published the results of a simplified tender offer for all Umanis shares not held by CGI France SAS (""CGI France"") ","GIB.A (TSX)GIB (NYSE)cgi.com/en/newsroomALUMS(Euronext Growth Paris)umanis.com/en/PARIS  France  July 19  2022 /PRNewswire/ - CGI Inc. (""CGI"") (NYSE: GIB) (TSX: GIB.A) and Umanis SA (""Umanis"") (Euronext Growth - FR0013263878 - ALUMS) announce that on July 18  2022  the French financial markets (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) has published the results of a simplified tender offer for all Umanis shares not held by CGI France SAS (""CGI France"")  which closed on July 13  2022.As part of the simplified tender offer  CGI France acquired 2 428 749 shares in Umanis and now holds a total of 16 983 876 shares  representing 91.54% of the company's capital and at least 91.42% of voting rights.1In accordance with the terms of its simplified tender offer  CGI France intends to request implementation of the squeeze-out procedure at the same price as the simplified tender offer  or €17.15 per Umanis share  net of all costs.Trading on Umanis shares has been suspended since July 14  2022.""We are pleased to have reached this decisive stage in the acquisition of Umanis "" said Laurent Gerin  President  Western and Southern Europe  CGI. ""Our teams look forward to working together to deliver even more value to our clients. We are confident in our ability to quickly get on track for the start of our new fiscal year.""""We are delighted with the success of the simplified tender offer  which applied to all Umanis shares "" said Olivier Pouligny  CEO of Umanis. ""We are already collaborating closely on the next steps of the integration to ensure our clients continue to receive superior service and benefit from the extended capabilities of CGI.""____________________ 1 Based on share capital on July 13  2022  comprised of 18 553 760 shares representing no more than 18 577 532 theoretical votes  and not including 487 920 treasury shares held by Umanis.About CGIFounded in 1976  CGI is among the largest independent IT and business consulting services firms in the world. With 84 000 consultants and professionals across the globe  CGI delivers an end-to-end portfolio of capabilities  from strategic IT and business consulting to systems integration  managed IT and business process services and intellectual property solutions. CGI works with clients through a local relationship model complemented by a global delivery network that helps clients digitally transform their organizations and accelerate results. CGI Fiscal 2021 reported revenue is $12.13 billion and CGI shares are listed on the TSX(GIB.A) and the NYSE(GIB). Learn more at cgi.com.Story continuesAbout UmanisUmanis is a digital services company specializing in data  digital and business solutions with annual sales of approximately €246 million. Umanis has been operating for more than 30 years  mainly in the French market. Established in 1990  Umanis leverages its expertise in five major areas (big data and artificial intelligence  infrastructure and the cloud  digital experience  and integration of business and BPO solutions) to support clients through their digital transformation. Umanis is based in Paris and has approximately 3 000 employees in France  Spain  Luxembourg  Morocco and Switzerland. Shares are listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. For more information  please visit umanis.com.Forward-looking information and statementsThis press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other applicable United States safe harbours. All such forward-looking information and statements are made and disclosed in reliance upon the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian and United States securities laws.Forward-looking information and statements include all information and statements regarding CGI's intentions  plans  expectations  beliefs  objectives  future performance  and strategy  as well as any other information or statements that relate to future events or circumstances and which do not directly and exclusively relate to historical facts. Forward-looking information and statements often but not always use words such as ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""anticipate""  ""foresee""  ""plan""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""aim""  ""seek""  ""strive""  ""potential""  ""continue""  ""target""  ""may""  ""might""  ""could""  ""should""  and similar expressions and variations thereof. These information and statements are based on our perception of historic trends  current conditions and expected future developments  as well as other assumptions  both general and specific  that we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. Such information and statements are  however  by their very nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties  of which many are beyond the control of CGI  and which give rise to the possibility that actual results could differ materially from our expectations expressed in  or implied by  such forward-looking information or forward-looking statements.These risks and uncertainties include but are not restricted to: risks related to the market such as the level of business activity of our clients  which is affected by economic and political conditions  additional external risks (such as pandemics  armed conflict and inflation) and our ability to negotiate new contracts; risks related to our industry such as competition and our ability to attract and retain qualified employees  to develop and expand our services  to penetrate new markets  and to protect our intellectual property rights; risks related to our business such as risks associated with our growth strategy  including the integration of new operations  financial and operational risks inherent in worldwide operations  foreign exchange risks  income tax laws and other tax programs  our ability to negotiate favourable contractual terms  to deliver our services and to collect receivables  the reputational and financial risks attendant to cybersecurity breaches and other incidents  and financial risks such as liquidity needs and requirements  maintenance of financial ratios  and changes in creditworthiness and credit ratings; as well as other risks identified or incorporated by reference in this press release  in CGI's annual and quarterly MD&A and in other documents that we make public  including our filings with the Canadian Securities Administrators (on SEDAR at www.sedar.com) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (on EDGAR at www.sec.gov). For a discussion of risks in response to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  see Pandemic risks in section 8.1.1. of our Q2 2022 MD&A.Unless otherwise stated  the forward-looking information and statements contained in this press release are made as of the date hereof and CGI disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking information or forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by applicable law. While we believe that our assumptions on which these forward-looking information and forward-looking statements are based were reasonable as at the date of this press release  readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking information or statements.Furthermore  readers are reminded that forward-looking information and statements are presented for the sole purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives  strategic priorities and business outlook as well as our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Further information on the risks that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from our current expectations may be found in the section titled Risk Environment of CGI's annual and quarterly MD&A  which is incorporated by reference in this cautionary statement. We also caution readers that the above-mentioned risks and the risks disclosed in CGI's annual and quarterly MD&A and other documents and filings are not the only ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse effect on our financial position  financial performance  cash flows  business or reputation.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/simplified-tender-offer-cgi-now-holds-91-54-of-umanis-share-capital-301587791.htmlSOURCE CGI Inc.",neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,mixed,0.49,0.28,0.23,True,English,"['SIMPLIFIED TENDER OFFER', 'CGI', 'CAPITAL', 'United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'other applicable United States safe harbours', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'United States securities laws', 'business consulting services firms', 'Canadian securities laws', 'safe harbour provisions', 'local relationship model', 'global delivery network', 'five major areas', 'business process services', 'simplified tender offer', 'French financial markets', 'new fiscal year', 'intellectual property solutions', 'largest independent IT', 'digital services company', 'applicable Canadian', 'CGI France SAS', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'other assumptions', 'other information', 'business solutions', 'French market', 'BPO solutions', 'voting rights', 'out procedure', 'same price', 'decisive stage', 'Laurent Gerin', 'Southern Europe', 'Olivier Pouligny', 'next steps', 'superior service', '18,577,532 theoretical votes', 'strategic IT', 'annual sales', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'digital experience', 'digital transformation', 'press release', 'future performance', 'future events', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'historic trends', 'current conditions', 'future developments', 'CGI Fiscal 2021', 'Forward-looking information', 'Such information', '487,920 treasury shares', 'extended capabilities', 'share capital', 'end portfolio', 'inherent risks', 'CGI Inc.', 'systems integration', 'actual results', 'Umanis SA', 'Umanis share', 'looking statements', 'CGI shares', '2,428,749 shares', '16,983,876 shares', '18,553,760 shares', 'CGI.', 'GIB', 'TSX', 'NYSE', 'newsroom', 'ALUMS', 'PRNewswire', 'July', 'part', 'total', 'accordance', 'terms', 'implementation', 'squeeze', 'costs', 'Trading', 'acquisition', 'President', 'Western', 'teams', 'value', 'clients', 'ability', 'track', 'start', 'success', 'CEO', 'world', '84,000 consultants', 'professionals', 'globe', 'organizations', 'revenue', 'Story', '30 years', 'expertise', 'infrastructure', 'cloud', '3,000 employees', 'Spain', 'Luxembourg', 'Morocco', 'Switzerland', 'meaning', 'reliance', 'intentions', 'plans', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'objectives', 'strategy', 'circumstances', 'words', 'believe', 'project', 'target', 'variations', 'perception', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'rise', 'possibility']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7901,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/liberty-global-continues-network-transformation-061100289.html,Liberty Global Continues Network Transformation in Europe With Telenet/ Fluvius Partnership in Belgium,"Liberty Global plc (""Liberty Global"" or the ""Company"") (NASDAQ: LBTYA  LBTYB and LBTYK) subsidiary Telenet Group Holding NV (‘Telenet’ - Euronext Brussels: TNET) and Fluvius System Operator (‘Fluvius’) have today entered into a highly attractive and binding agreement to create the network of the future in Flanders.","Liberty Global Subsidiary Telenet and Fluvius Agree to Fiber Partnership in FlandersPartnership Complements Previously Announced FTTH Plans in UK and Ireland  and Hybrid Approaches in The Netherlands and SwitzerlandDENVER  Colorado  July 19  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Liberty Global plc (""Liberty Global"" or the ""Company"") (NASDAQ: LBTYA  LBTYB and LBTYK) subsidiary Telenet Group Holding NV (‘Telenet’ - Euronext Brussels: TNET) and Fluvius System Operator (‘Fluvius’) have today entered into a highly attractive and binding agreement to create the network of the future in Flanders.The companies will incorporate a new independent self-funding infrastructure company  ""NetCo""  of which Telenet will own 66.8% and Fluvius 33.2%. Combining both companies’ fixed network assets  NetCo will invest in the gradual evolution of its current hybrid fiber coaxial (""HFC"") network into a Fiber-to-the-Home (""FTTH"") network  targeting 78% of their combined footprint in Flanders by 2038  either through building directly or with external partners  or through wholesale arrangements. NetCo will also focus on upgrading the existing hybrid fiber coaxial (HFC) network using state-of-the-art DOCSIS technology where FTTH will not be deployed.Key elements of the agreement follow:A fully-funded  5x levered NetCo will result in improved ownership economics for Telenet as opposed to the current rental arrangement whereby Telenet pays to access the Fluvius network representing 1/3 of the Telenet operating footprint today.NetCo will operate an open access network with a market-leading utilization rate that's positioned to attract additional strategic and/or financial partners.More than 50% of homes passed in NetCo's footprint are very economic to pass with FTTH at an estimated cost per premise of around EUR650.The investment will be financed from NetCo's robust cash flow as well as Telenet's EUR745 million of proceeds from its recent tower divestment  with no dependency on obtaining incremental external financing.At closing  Telenet’s pro forma net debt will decrease by around EUR500 million as Fluvious’ long-term emphyteutic lease will cease to exist. However  in order to maintain Telenet's consolidated net total leverage of around 4x through the CAPEX-intense build period  its dividend will be reset to a floor of EUR1.00 effective immediately. After the build period  CAPEX intensity is expected to materially decrease and return to normalized historical levels  leading to substantial Adjusted Free Cash Flow growth and providing scope for significantly higher shareholder disbursements.Story continuesTelenet’s partnership with Fluvius is the latest development in the ongoing evolution of Liberty Global’s 10 Gigabit network strategies  utilizing a combination of the best upgrade technologies available  which also include:Full FTTH upgrade of Virgin Media O2’s fixed network in the UK  targeting completion of all 16 million UK homes by 2028. Separately  Liberty Global and Telefonica are seeking financial partners to create a new  independent joint venture that will accelerate full fiber rollout to up to seven million premises in the UK over the next five years.FTTH upgrade of Virgin Media Ireland’s entire footprint  targeting 1m FTTH homes over the next 3 years.VodafoneZiggo currently progressing with longer term HFC plans including DOCSIS 4.0 in the Netherlands  with initial indicative costs at an attractive EUR150-200 per home.A hybrid approach in Switzerland  where Sunrise is deploying a network strategy that incorporates DOCSIS 3.1 and 4.0 upgrade technologies  wholesale and select fiber builds. To support this  Sunrise has recently renewed wholesale terms with Swisscom and SFN  giving long-term visibility on attractive access terms alongside existing HFC network.Mike Fries  CEO  Liberty Global  comments: ""This partnership with Fluvius places Telenet firmly in the driver’s seat in the Belgian market  and cements NetCo as the undisputed kingmaker with a combined retail and wholesale market share close to 60%.""""The partnership also highlights the effectiveness of our network strategies. By utilising a combination of the best network upgrade technologies available  we are firmly on the road to offering up to 10 gig broadband speeds in all our markets. Almost 100% of Liberty Global’s networks already offer gigabit speeds to customers today  with VodafoneZiggo due to complete its work to deliver gigabit speeds across its entire network by the end of this year. Our ongoing network development strategies will enable us to extend our leadership positions in each of our core European markets.""ABOUT LIBERTY GLOBALLiberty Global (NASDAQ: LBTYA  LBTYB and LBTYK) is a world leader in converged broadband  video and mobile communications services. We deliver next-generation products through advanced fiber and 5G networks  and currently provide over 85 million fixed and mobile connections* across Europe and the United Kingdom. Our businesses operate under some of the best-known consumer brands  including Virgin Media-O2 in the U.K.  VodafoneZiggo in The Netherlands  Telenet in Belgium  Sunrise in Switzerland  Virgin Media in Ireland and UPC in Slovakia. Through our substantial scale and commitment to innovation  we are building Tomorrow’s Connections Today  investing in the infrastructure and platforms that empower our customers to make the most of the digital revolution  while deploying the advanced technologies that nations and economies need to thrive.Our consolidated businesses generate annual revenue of more than $7.5 billion  while the VodafoneZiggo JV and the VMO2 JV generate combined annual revenue of more than $19 billion.**Liberty Global Ventures  our global investment arm  has a portfolio of more than 75 companies and funds across content  technology and infrastructure  including strategic stakes in companies like ITV  Televisa Univision  Plume  Lionsgate and the Formula E racing series.* Represents aggregate consolidated and 50% owned non-consolidated fixed and mobile subscribers. Includes wholesale mobile subscribers of the VMO2 JV and B2B fixed subscribers of the VodafoneZiggo JV.** Revenue figures above are provided based on full year 2021 Liberty Global consolidated results (excluding revenue from the U.K. JV Entities) and the combined as reported full year 2021 results for the VodafoneZiggo JV and estimated U.S. GAAP full year 2021 results for the VMO2 JV. For more information  please visit www.libertyglobal.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220718005859/en/ContactsInvestor RelationsMichael Bishop +44 20 8483 6246Amy Ocen +1 303 784 4528Michael Khehra +44 78 9005 0979Corporate CommunicationsMatt Beake +44 20 8483 6428",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Liberty Global', 'Network Transformation', 'Fluvius Partnership', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'substantial Adjusted Free Cash Flow growth', 'new independent self-funding infrastructure company', 'new, independent joint venture', 'pro forma net debt', 'Fluvious’ long-term emphyteutic lease', 'longer term HFC plans', 'Telenet Group Holding NV', 'current hybrid fiber coaxial', 'existing hybrid fiber coaxial', 'robust cash flow', 'companies’ fixed network assets', 'best network upgrade technologies', 'ongoing network development strategies', 'current rental arrangement', 'net total leverage', 'best upgrade technologies', 'market-leading utilization rate', 'recent tower divestment', 'higher shareholder disbursements', 'initial indicative costs', 'converged broadband, video', 'Liberty Global Subsidiary Telenet', 'existing HFC network', 'Virgin Media O2', 'seven million premises', 'full fiber rollout', 'incremental external financing', 'mobile communications services', 'open access network', '10 gig broadband speeds', 'CAPEX-intense build period', 'next five years', 'core European markets', 'wholesale market share', '10 Gigabit network strategies', 'Full FTTH upgrade', 'Liberty Global plc', 'Virgin Media Ireland', 'Fluvius System Operator', '1m FTTH homes', 'attractive access terms', 'Telenet operating footprint', '16 million UK homes', 'Flanders Partnership Complements', '4.0 upgrade technologies', '85 million fixed', 'HFC"") network', 'HFC) network', 'FTTH Plans', 'Hybrid Approaches', 'latest development', 'ongoing evolution', 'next 3 years', 'long-term visibility', 'wholesale terms', 'gigabit speeds', 'Virgin Media-O2', 'fiber builds', 'advanced fiber', 'external partners', 'Belgian market', 'mobile connections', 'FTTH"") network', 'network strategy', 'entire network', 'wholesale arrangements', 'Fiber Partnership', 'Fluvius network', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'gradual evolution', 'Key elements', '5x levered', 'ownership economics', 'additional strategic', 'financial partners', 'CAPEX intensity', 'historical levels', 'entire footprint', 'Mike Fries', 'undisputed kingmaker', 'leadership positions', 'world leader', 'next-generation products', 'United Kingdom', 'consumer brands', 'U.K.', 'Fluvius Agree', 'The Netherlands', 'binding agreement', 'combined footprint', 'up to', '5G networks', 'DOCSIS technology', 'DOCSIS 3.1', 'Switzerland', 'DENVER', 'Colorado', 'NASDAQ', 'LBTYA', 'LBTYB', 'LBTYK', 'TNET', 'future', 'NetCo', '1/3', 'More', 'investment', 'proceeds', 'dependency', 'closing', 'order', 'dividend', 'floor', 'scope', 'Story', 'combination', 'completion', 'Telefonica', 'VodafoneZiggo', 'Sunrise', 'Swisscom', 'SFN', 'CEO', 'driver', 'seat', 'retail', 'effectiveness', 'customers', 'businesses']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,finance.yahoo.com
7902,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@jesusdoteth @Pontifex 😂😂😂😂📉#rip #euronext 😬🙏 help,nan,@jesusdoteth @Pontifex 😂😂😂😂📉#rip #euronext 😬🙏 help,positive,0.78,0.15,0.06,positive,0.78,0.15,0.06,True,English,"['jesusdoteth', 'Pontifex', 'rip', 'euronext', 'jesusdoteth', 'Pontifex', 'rip', 'euronext']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7903,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Brussel: Barco herlanceert starship Enterprise https://t.co/GM6NsnqVDV,nan,Euronext Brussel: Barco herlanceert starship Enterprise https://t.co/GM6NsnqVDV,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Brussel', 'starship Enterprise', 'Barco', 'GM6NsnqVDV', 'Euronext Brussel', 'starship Enterprise', 'Barco', 'GM6NsnqVDV']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7904,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext NVOTCMKTS: EUXTF https://t.co/pVr1w43tfi,nan,Euronext NVOTCMKTS: EUXTF https://t.co/pVr1w43tfi,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext NV', 'OTCMKTS', 'Euronext NV', 'OTCMKTS']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7905,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Libor Is Sold to NYSE Euronext https://t.co/ncjtpF9UcW,nan,Libor Is Sold to NYSE Euronext https://t.co/ncjtpF9UcW,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['NYSE Euronext', 'Libor', 'ncjtpF9UcW', 'NYSE Euronext', 'Libor', 'ncjtpF9UcW']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7906,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Changes at the helm of @euronext. https://t.co/aEyalfKht4,nan,Changes at the helm of @euronext. https://t.co/aEyalfKht4,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Changes', 'helm', 'aEyalfKht4', 'Changes', 'helm', 'aEyalfKht4']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7907,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Trading Halted for $BLUBT.PA  BLUELINEA BSA Y | at 11:35 CEST / 05:35 ET on Euronext ALXP | 2022-07-18… https://t.co/1JNikwGWH5,nan,Trading Halted for $BLUBT.PA  BLUELINEA BSA Y | at 11:35 CEST / 05:35 ET on Euronext ALXP | 2022-07-18… https://t.co/1JNikwGWH5,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['PA  BLUELINEA BSA Y', 'Euronext ALXP', 'Trading', '11:35 CEST', 'JNikwGWH5', 'PA  BLUELINEA BSA Y', 'Euronext ALXP', 'Trading', '11:35 CEST', 'JNikwGWH5']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7908,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Trading Halted for $ALBLU.PA  BLUELINEA | at 11:34 CEST / 05:34 ET on Euronext ALXP | 2022-07-18… https://t.co/LKhprSZedl,nan,Trading Halted for $ALBLU.PA  BLUELINEA | at 11:34 CEST / 05:34 ET on Euronext ALXP | 2022-07-18… https://t.co/LKhprSZedl,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['PA  BLUELINEA', 'Euronext ALXP', 'Trading', 'ALBLU', '11:34 CEST', 'LKhprSZedl', 'PA  BLUELINEA', 'Euronext ALXP', 'Trading', 'ALBLU', '11:34 CEST', 'LKhprSZedl']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7909,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext to launch block trading for SME securitiesSME block trading facility at Euronext will have a staggered ro… https://t.co/HDKV80tcbU,nan,Euronext to launch block trading for SME securitiesSME block trading facility at Euronext will have a staggered ro… https://t.co/HDKV80tcbU,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['SME block trading facility', 'SME securities', 'Euronext', 'HDKV80tcbU', 'SME block trading facility', 'SME securities', 'Euronext', 'HDKV80tcbU']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
7910,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Rapeseed #price on the Euronext exchange dropped by EUR 20.75 to EUR 669.25/mt due to the following: The United Ki… https://t.co/Yh6dyZIn2o,nan,#Rapeseed #price on the Euronext exchange dropped by EUR 20.75 to EUR 669.25/mt due to the following: The United Ki… https://t.co/Yh6dyZIn2o,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['The United Ki', 'Euronext exchange', 'price', 'Yh6dyZIn2o', 'The United Ki', 'Euronext exchange', 'price', 'Yh6dyZIn2o']",2022-07-19,2022-07-19,Unknown
