UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57111,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2026/07/iran-war-trump-threatens-more-intense-attacks-as-advisors-push-for-humanitarian-crisis-by-hitting-food-and-water-stores-oil-rises-to-over-100-a-barrel-iran-warns-uk-trump-retrades-saudi-nuclear-d.html,Iran War: Trump Threatens More Intense Attacks as Advisors Push for Humanitarian Crisis by Hitting Food and Water Stores; Oil Rises to Over $100 a Barrel; Iran Warns UK; Trump Retrades Saudi Nuclear Deal with Abrams Accord Requirement,Today's Iran war news: Trump may have aged out of his TACO habits and is readying new  potentially global-economy-wrecking  attacks on Iran.,"[Today’s Iran war post launched before complete. Please return at 8:00 AM or refresh this page then for a final version]Trump has not only intensified his rhetoric but the US continues to move military assets into the Gulf region. Despite independent military experts saying to a person that the US cannot defeat Iran  the Fox News nutters and other hawks who have Trump’s ear push barmy plans with high odds of failure  like seizing islands. They depict what at the very best would be minor tactical gains as knockouts that would bring Iran to its knees  as opposed to further stiffening Iranian resolve.Trump also freshly re-tweeted:1Troublingly  Trump’s inner circle is openly  on TV  calling not just for rejecting negotiations but a renewal of assassinations of the leadership. Either they are so cloistered that they have no idea how bad this looks or they are seeking to normalize it  at least to the American public:🚨 NEW: RETIRED GENERAL KEITH KELLOG SAYS TRUMP MUST ""DECAPITATE"" IRAN… WOAH💣 ""DECAPITATION MUST continue… TAKE IRAN'S ISLANDS  give POTUS LEVERAGE"" ""I'm not negotiating with these guys… we're gonna DICTATE the terms of the WAR"" 🔥 pic.twitter.com/8RQI4WSJ8i — Jesse Watters (@JesseBWatters) July 22  2026That is a sign that the desperation and anger in the White House has reached an even more fevered level. One confirmation comes in a new talk between Trita Parsi and Mario Nawfal. The normally emotionally contained Parsi  who has been consistently optimistic about the possibility of a negotiated outcome  is  in his measured way  in despair. He assesses the odds that the war will resume in the next month at a more intense level than in first 40 days at 80%:In another effort to restore Trump’s flagging manhood  the official US policy is to seek a head for an eye:2SECRETARY RUBIO: ""The President's policy is a head for an eye."" pic.twitter.com/VcUExOl8Kr — Department of State (@StateDept) July 23  2026Robert Barnes  via Daniel Davis  confirms what many have suspected  that Trump  having surrounded himself with boot-lickers  is being told only what he wants to hear. From Twitter:Trump’s Iran War Delusion Exposed: Ignoring the Failure of the First 40 Days of Bombing  Trump Tries AGAIN to Force Open the Strait ⚠️Robert Barnes (@barnes_law) lays out exactly how dangerous that has become: “There’s nothing we can do to open the strait militarily — that is the reality.” Yet Trump only accepts that truth on days when he is  as Barnes puts it  “mentally sober.” He explains how Trump understood the severe economic  energy  and geopolitical risks when he signed the MOU — but then “keeps relapsing back into delusional Donald” after listening to Fox News generals and media cheerleaders. Barnes details how Trump convinces himself that escalation will magically produce good outcomes: “The good thing is absolutely going to happen. The bad thing’s not going to happen.” Meanwhile  CENTCOM has “not been forthcoming” about casualties  and Barnes warns the real number of wounded may exceed a thousand — including contractors not counted in official tallies. He argues this is an unnecessary  counterproductive war enabled by a cabinet that won’t push back: “All you have are cowards for the most part other than Vance and Colby.”John Mearsheimer re-confirms what many military experts have been saying for some time: that the US has run out of military targets in Iran and is now attacking civilian infrastructure:From a lightly edited machine transcript:Davis: What do you make first of all the statement [from former Administration official Robert Greenway] that because Iran can’t be trusted and they don’t they don’t meet any of their obligations  President Trump is  the word he used  compelled  to ratchet this up. What do you say? Mearsheimer: I think he’s dead wrong. It’s the Americans who can’t be trusted… Davis: And so what about his his comment there that we should be encouraged that President Trump has a resolution to this? So even though Iran is not doing what we want them to  forget about what the MOU actually said  but don’t worry because we have escalation dominance  do we? Mearsheimer: Well  you want to remember that President Trump signed the memorandum of understanding on June 17th because he had no choice. The Iranians were winning the war and the Iranians held all the cards when you went up the escalation ladder. And this is why President Trump signed what was effectively a surrender document. Now the question you have to ask yourself is what’s changed since June 17th that now gives us escalation dominance. I mean if we had had escalation dominance before June 17th we would have taken advantage of that and we would have used it to make sure we got a better agreement. The fact that we didn’t take advantage of it meant we didn’t have escalation dominance before June 17th. So the argument here is that something has changed. Well  I’d like to know what is that something that has changed. According to my calculations  we’ve been engaged in this tit fortat strategy since July 7th. Again  the memorandum of understanding was signed June 17th. We then welched on the deal and you got this tit for tat strategy starting on July 7th which is now taking place. And it does not look like it we have gained any coercive leverage over Iran as a result of that tit for tat strategy. They are matching us at every turn and causing us huge trouble in the Gulf. We don’t have escalation dominance. Now  is the administration saying that we can escalate further? We can be we can go beyond tit for tat  maybe go back to the 40-day war  which was a real strategic bombing campaign that took place between February 28th uh and April 8th  we can go back to that and we’ll win that conflict. I don’t think so. There’s no evidence we can do that. uh and there’s no evidence that continuing tit for tat even at a higher level is going to produce uh the desired outcome for the United States.Even the CIA has reached the same conclusion:🚨 BOMBSHELL! CNN confirms the CIA officially assessed that Trump's nightly bombing campaign is completely failing to move Iran. The Pentagon's strategy is a total disaster. The White House is panicking as the disastrous war causes oil prices to skyrocket. Total failure! pic.twitter.com/iI3OfD3ldp — Furkan Gözükara (@FurkanGozukara) July 23  2026The open rage from Administration officials confirms that the US thinks that sort of punishment campaign can bring Iran to its knees. Robert Pape says that the long historical record shows that that is not true. But contrary to Mearsheimer and Pape  the US is bringing an awful lot of additional firepower into the region.Even though Trump is famous for his TACOs  and the Iran has repeatedly described how it can and will bring about a global depression via the destruction of petrostate energy assets  Administration actions  in connection with the extremely belligerent language  suggest that Trump will indeed try to escalate kinetically. From Hamidreza Azizio on Twitter:Signs of a Major Escalation in the U.S.-#Iran War 🔹Multiple developments over the past several hours suggest that the U.S. war on #Iran may be approaching a significant escalation. 🔹Last night’s U.S. strike on the Shalamcheh border crossing between Iran and Iraq has been interpreted as a possible preparatory move for the deployment of special operations or ground forces. Alternatively  the strike may have been intended to facilitate the advance of armed insurgent groups. 🔹In the same context  the drone strike on the Al-Abdali border crossing between Iraq and Kuwait was likely carried out by Iran or its Iraqi allies in an effort to disrupt the U.S. logistical corridor linking the two countries. 🔹Meanwhile  reports indicate that shelters have been opened at multiple locations across Israel. Similar measures preceded earlier escalations  including the 12-Day War and the 40-Day War  suggesting that Israeli authorities are preparing for possible Iranian missile attacks. 🔹France and the United Kingdom have also reportedly evacuated their embassies in Iran as of today. 🔹Trump  for his part  has declared that he holds Iran responsible for Houthi attacks on shipping in the Red Sea and the Bab al-Mandab Strait. This statement could provide a pretext for intensifying U.S. strikes against Iran in response to future Houthi operations. 🔹The warning should be viewed alongside Trump’s earlier statement on Wednesday that any future Iranian attack on shipping in the Strait of Hormuz would be met with a U.S. strike on an Iranian bridge or power plant. He has also indicated that a U.S. attack on Iran’s underground nuclear facilities at “Pickaxe Mountain” is inevitable. 🔹At the same time  the United States appears to be reducing its military presence at bases closer to Iran  including in Qatar. Open-source reporting also points to a large-scale transfer of military equipment from the United States and Europe to Israel  along with increased activity by reconnaissance  command-and-control  and electronic warfare aircraft across the region. The United States has also deployed B-1 strategic bombers to the theater. 🔹Iran has warned that any attack on its infrastructure or nuclear facilities will be met with comparable strikes against regional targets. Several Iranian analysts also argue that  should the United States substantially intensify its campaign  Iran would likely strike strategic targets inside Israel regardless of whether Israel is directly involved in the operation. 🔹Overall  these developments suggest that the conflict may be entering a more dangerous phase  potentially comparable to the peak of the 40-Day War.Even with the US openly putting Iranian energy infrastructure on the menu  attacks on the grid will have limited effects due to decentralization. From Global 21 Destroying Iran’s Infrastructure Is a Hard Task  and There Are No Effective Means to Do It at ScaleTo obliterate both the electrical and oil sectors  multiple waves of missiles and guided bombs would be required against each of these targets. We are talking about 6 000 to 10 000 projectiles.In many countries  striking the power grid would create immediate chaos and constitute a terrifying threat. In Iran  however  the task is far more difficult. The Iranian electric grid is one of the most decentralized in the world  with around 130 to 150 large power plants  primarily gas-fired thermal plants. No single facility dominates large portions of the country’s electricity generation. The largest plant  Damavand near Tehran  has a capacity of approximately 2 868 MW  only about 2.9% of total installed capacity. Other major plants  such as Shahid Salimi Neka  Rudeshur  Kerman  and several hydroelectric facilities on the Karun River (including Karun-3)  range from 1.6 to 2.2 GW each. Even combined  the five to ten largest plants account for less than 15-20% of total capacity. The rest is spread across dozens of smaller and medium-sized facilities. When these medium-sized plants and small distributed power stations are added  the total number of generation points connected to the national grid exceeds 1 000. This forms a highly decentralized system explicitly designed to withstand high-intensity conflict. To effectively paralyze Iran’s electricity supply  an adversary would also need to target the transmission and distribution network  which stretches over 133 000 kilometers  and exceeds 1.3 million kilometers when rural and urban lines are included. Adding Iran’s oil and derivatives infrastructure makes the challenge even greater. This sector includes approximately 350 to 400 main facilities distributed among processing  storage  and export units. These comprise 9 main refineries  66 drilling platforms  and more than 10 large complexes  occupying a combined area of over 500 km² spread across Iranian territory. To obliterate both the electrical and oil sectors  multiple waves of missiles and guided bombs would be required against each of these targets. We are talking about 6 000 to 10 000 projectiles  attacks that would take weeks. The ammunition simply does not exist in the American arsenal available today  except for short-range bombs. Those short-range bombs would force aviation deeper into Iranian airspace  significantly increasing aircraft losses.But the Trump team may go even more directly after the means of survival in Iran  as in water and grain stores. From Brett Erickson on Twitter:My concern about Trump’s (apparent) willingness to escalate here is what the most likely escalation pathway is. While many point to the bombing that has taken place over the past week  the movement of aircraft and assets into the region  and clear choreographing of what could be a limited boots on the ground operation… that’s NOT what is most likely. The most likely option is that President Trump moves forward with  at least  Bridge and Power Plants Day. This isn’t about “reopening the Strait of Hormuz”  this is about terrorizing the Iranian civilians. Plain and simple. My concern however  is that he won’t stop here. Many of the most vicious Iran Hawks  the very same people that have overwhelmingly driven our Iran strategy thus far  are pushing for Trump to go much further. They’re calling for Trump to strike water storage facilities. Wheat storage. To bomb vital economic infrastructure in Iran that would devastate the civilian population. To force inflation to skyrocket  the Rial to collapse  unemployment to wreak havoc. My concern is not (necessarily) that Trump will put 50 000 boots on the ground to seize Qeshm and Larak. My concern is he will systematically target and destroy large swaths of civilian and economic infrastructure to terrorize the civilians of Iran. To create a TRUE economic crisis. A humanitarian emergency. And of course  Iran will retaliate in an even more devastating way… I’m just not sold that Trump cares about that anymore.Echoing Erickson’s notion that Trump no longer cares about sending the world into a depression  more evidence that the Administration is retreating further into its cognitive bubble is Trump’s apparent lack of concern that oil has risen to over $100 a barrel. Readers report sudden jumps in gas prices at the pump. Trump has abandoned his practice of trying to reassure markets with “A deal is nigh!” patter either directly or though anonymous sources to Barak Ravid of Axios. He is instead using Axios to signal his commitment to more violence against Iran  with no consideration for collateral damage. From Exclusive: Trump “close” to decision on “massive attack” on Iran:President Trump told Axios on Thursday that he’s seriously considering restarting major combat operations in Iran — including strikes that would be bigger than the ones carried out during Operation Epic Fury. Why it matters: In a brief interview  Trump acknowledged that such a decision would have consequences and stressed he hasn’t made a determination yet. Trump didn’t give a deadline for his decision. Two other U.S. officials confirmed no call has been made and no new orders have been given to the military…. What he’s saying: “I am considering a massive attack. Bigger than ever before. I am close to making a decision. We are all set for it ” the president said. Trump said Israel “would join in two minutes if I ask them to ” but added that “we don’t need anybody” to launch a new operation against Iran.He also said there would be “consequences” for Israel joining the strikes  hinting at Iranian retaliation against Israel. The big picture: Trump said the Iranians “want to negotiate” but are not ready to make a deal at the moment. “They haven’t received enough pain yet ” he said.Two regional sources with knowledge of mediation efforts said Iranian leadership hasn’t accepted the latest proposal put forward.“We are trying  but the Iranians are not being helpful ” one of them said.Trump’s team may take undue comfort from their view announced earlier this week  that they can run the Strategic Petroleum Reserve down to much lower levels than experts had thought. We quoted this section from DropSite in yesterday’s Iran war post:DropSite reports that the US plans to go even lower that we has posited [150 million barrels]: U.S. DOE claims that petroleum reserve can run far lower than previously estimated: A spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Energy told MarketWatch on Tuesday that the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve’s “true operational minimum” is roughly 70 million barrels  well under the 250 to 300 million barrels the oil industry has generally treated as the practical limit. The SPR  which has drained to its lowest level in 40 years  has roughly 246 barrels remaining for emergencies  the DOE claimed. It has shed more than 104 million barrels since the beginning of the U.S. war on Iran.Not surprisingly  readers were skeptical. From comments:TJBuff So somebody told the WH that they could draw down the SPR to 10% of cavern water volume? And no problemo? I wonder whose butt they pulled that number from. Dingleberry Trumpty Dumpty will collapse the caverns if That’s What It Takes™️ and leave the problem for the Next Stooge™️ to solve. Great Success! 👍The oil market continues to be rattled  albeit arguably not enough. From the Financial Times:From the body of the article:Oil prices hovered near $100 a barrel on Friday after crossing that mark for the first time since May the previous day as Donald Trump said he was weighing a “massive attack” on Iran and tensions escalated across the Middle East. Brent crude  the international benchmark  was down 1.7 per cent at $99.02 in morning trading in Europe. It had risen as high as $102 on Thursday after attacks by Iran-backed Houthi militants in the Red Sea threatened to squeeze global supplies further and reignite a global inflation shock. Oil had extended its blistering rebound this month after the Houthis said they had attacked two Saudi Arabian tankers following their move to impose a maritime blockade on the kingdom this week  adding to fears that the US and Iran are headed for a return to full-blown conflict…. Trump made escalatory threats against nuclear and civilian Iranian targets this week  saying that US forces would strike Iran’s nuclear facility buried deep under Kolang Gazla — known as Pickaxe Mountain. He added later that the US would destroy an Iranian bridge or power plant each time Tehran’s forces target a ship in the Strait of Hormuz. Trump also on Thursday warned the Houthis and Iran that they would face “major military punishment” if the attacks continued  and later said “any and all damages done” to ships and cargo “will be paid for by Iranian Money that the United States has in its possession  and controls”. “This continued escalation is worrisome to markets ” said Bill Campbell  a portfolio manager at DoubleLine. “Oil is spiking at a time when things are much more precarious.” “Last time around I was more confident there was an off-ramp for President Trump. This time around it feels much more serious ” he added…. The oil surge also hit bond markets as investors bet that big central banks will have to lift interest rates more quickly to contain the resulting inflation. The European Central Bank on Thursday warned “the full inflationary impact of the energy shock has yet to play out” as it kept borrowing costs on hold. US 10-year borrowing costs climbed 0.05 percentage points to 4.71 per cent  an 18-month high  while German 10-year yields touched their highest level since 2011 at 3.21 per cent.Bloomberg’s landing page works hard to find some cheery news  per the “stocks get some relief” ‘headline:Not that the move in oil prices was organic:Iran rejected Trump’s ceasefire proposal via Iraq… And oil is down. Again  someone decided to dump a massive amount of oil futures during illiquid hours. If this isn’t price manipulation  why would anyone intentionally sell into a thin market where the only guaranteed… pic.twitter.com/9I9ufMGeLJ — Lukas Ekwueme (@ekwufinance) July 24  2026Some sober assessments from Twitter:Strait of Hormuz over the last 24 hours: Oman lane is dead. Visible traffic continues to be nonexistent in the Oman lane  but the Iranians reported that 3 vessels attempted to transit with US escorts only to have one get attacked. The other 2 turned around. With the Bab… pic.twitter.com/gaqfPaA9Jf — HFI Research (@HFI_Research) July 23  2026From Mario Nawfal  recapping an interview with Chris Martensen:Oil just crossed $100 and the market is screaming shortage Something snapped in the oil market this week. Buyers are now paying about eleven dollars MORE for a barrel delivered in September than one in December  a flip that only happens when somebody needs the fuel right now and doubts it will be there later. Chris Martenson has tracked these signals for two decades  and he points past crude to what people actually burn. Jet fuel in Rotterdam hit roughly $158 a barrel this week. Diesel sat near $148. American diesel and heating oil just printed their highest prices ever recorded. Then came the move nobody could paper over. Overnight trading  usually dead hours with thin volume  ran daytime-sized numbers as Brent punched through $100 and Treasury yields climbed right alongside it. Traffic through Hormuz has collapsed to four or eight ships a day  down from 125 or more. Saudi Arabia is rerouting crude to bypass its own backup route. Empty tanks cannot be talked down  and the arithmetic runs out by September.🇸🇦Saudi Arabia's escape route from Hormuz is now being REROUTED again. After shifting exports to Yanbu and Bab el Mandeb  Houthi attacks are forcing Asian cargoes north through Suez and then around Africa. A Yanbu to Taiwan voyage jumps from19 to 48 days. Fuel costs rise… pic.twitter.com/eaViElkW6d — Jack Prandelli (@jackprandelli) July 24  2026Even with the surge in crude  refining margins aren't falling that much because global product storage is low. As a result  product prices will squeeze higher with crude  creating a vicious cycle. pic.twitter.com/qdQTi6jDio — HFI Research (@HFI_Research) July 23  2026US diesel prices  a key input to consumer prices on everything from groceries to new construction  are up 10% since July 5. pic.twitter.com/8wrCNl9Uyh — Lisa Abramowicz (@lisaabramowicz1) July 24  2026Remember that the US uses Venezuela crude and Canadian tar sands to produce diesel:🚨🇺🇸🇻🇪 US refiners are buying Venezuelan crude at the fastest pace since 2017  with July arrivals on track to reach 804 000 bpd. The reason is simple: wildfire risk threatens Canadian supply just as refineries from Texas to Louisiana are running at full capacity. Venezuela is… pic.twitter.com/6UZZdgFGVg — Jack Prandelli (@jackprandelli) July 23  2026Some speculate that Trump may have reconciled himself to losing the House in the fall and facing impeachment proceedings  but is sufficiently confident that a impeachment process would fail to garner the needed 2/3 vote in the Senate to remove him.Trump has added that Iran’s frozen assets will be stolen:Recall that Ursuala von der Leyen and other top officials were keen to purloin Russian frozen assets to fund the Ukraine war. But in the end  ferocious opposition from Euroclear  which would be first in the liability line of fire  forced the advocates to stand down. A more abstract but as real worry was that investors would become loath to keep financial assets in Euro accounts out of concern of the risk of expropriation.On the kinetic front  due to the length of this post  we will give only brief treatment of Iran’s warning to the UK. At a minimum  this means the UK base in Cyprus is now officially on the menu.From ISNA  translated from Persian by Twitter:IRGC to UK: We warn the Kingdom of England  which has had the greatest involvement in the recent US and Israel aggressions  not to further burden its own case; any base used for aggression against Iran is a legitimate target for us.And from Soureh on Twitter:IRGC: We will no longer allow the US to restock its oil and ammunition reserves with deceptive ceasefires and then resume attacks. The aggressive US military  which used to launch cruise missiles from its ships in the Indian Ocean in its aggressions after the official resumption of the war  turned to using B1 aircraft flying from the UK’s Fairford Air Base yesterday  as the missile reserves of these ships ran out. Any base used to invade Iranian territory is our legitimate target.And:Iran has issued a direct threat to the UK  saying that it's facilitated US and Israeli military operations against it and and that there could be consequences. Jiyar Gol explains #IranWar‌ pic.twitter.com/syq9gvtM00 — Jiyar Gol (@jiyargol) July 23  2026Additional kinetic short takes:⭕️ IRGC Announcement No. 46 said the 26th wave of ""Operation Nasr 2"" targeted U.S. forces in Kuwait in retaliation for a U.S. strike on an Iran-Iraq border crossing used by Arbaeen pilgrims. ➤ A U.S. electronic warfare unit at Al-Adyeri base was struck and  according to the… pic.twitter.com/gUWK70FXea — Drop Site (@DropSiteNews) July 23  2026BREAKING: Iran has launched strikes targeting the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet headquarters in Bahrain  with footages showing direct impacts following a fresh wave of Iranian attacks. Thick plumes of black smoke were seen rising from the area. pic.twitter.com/vJb4ZVEU6k — The Hormuz Report (@HormuzReport) July 24  2026When we return  we will add a short section on the created and now killed by Trump Saudi nuclear “deal”.* * *Trump is now trying to retrade the deal by requiring that the Saudis must also join the Abraham Accords:The Saudis are not accepting the Trump retrade of the agreement:Your Excellency  the President of the United States In response to your post a few hours ago on Truth Social  we would like to inform you that you have miscalculated  and we invite you to review the terms of the officially signed contract between the Ministries of Energy of both… pic.twitter.com/lHS2cbmvMH — 🇸🇦Abdulsalam Saleh (@abdulslam2017) July 23  2026But they should know better:The Saudis – who lobbied Trump to rip up the signed JCPOA nuclear deal with Iran – seem to think Trump cannot rip up a signed deal.https://t.co/MDNjGDZKp8 — Mark Ames (@MarkAmesExiled) July 23  2026* * *And an unexpected cheery note of sorts:🇮🇷🇺🇸The theory is really starting to make sense. pic.twitter.com/1po2aACp4O — SIMPLICIUS Ѱ (@simpatico771) July 24  2026____1 Recall Trump said yesterday he was holding Iran responsible for Ansar Allah actions:2 Professor Marandi is only one commentator  but as you can see below starting at 6:30  both he and Judge Napolitano were laughing at Rubio’s remarks:",negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,mixed,0.07,0.25,0.67,True,English,"['Saudi Nuclear Deal', 'Abrams Accord Requirement', 'Iran Warns UK', 'Intense Attacks', 'Humanitarian Crisis', 'Water Stores', 'Trump', 'More', 'Advisors', 'Food', 'Oil', 'RETIRED GENERAL KEITH KELLOG SAYS', 'former Administration official Robert Greenway', 'Fox News nutters', 'minor tactical gains', 'Fox News generals', 'tit fortat strategy', 'independent military experts', 'many military experts', 'unnecessary, counterproductive war', 'official US policy', 'Iran war post', 'Iran War Delusion', 'official tallies', 'military assets', 'military targets', 'Robert Barnes', 'final version', 'Gulf region', 'other hawks', 'barmy plans', 'Iranian resolve', 'inner circle', 'American public', 'POTUS LEVERAGE', 'Jesse Watters', 'White House', 'One confirmation', 'new talk', 'Mario Nawfal', 'measured way', 'next month', 'flagging manhood', 'SECRETARY RUBIO', 'geopolitical risks', 'delusional Donald', 'media cheerleaders', 'good outcomes', 'good thing', 'bad thing', 'real number', 'civilian infrastructure', 'machine transcript', 'June 17th', 'surrender document', 'July 7th', 'escalation dominance', 'escalation ladder', 'first 40 days', 'high odds', 'Trita Parsi', 'intense level', 'The Iranians', 'Daniel Davis', 'John Mearsheimer', 'TRUMP MUST', 'President Trump', 'Today', '8:00 AM', 'page', 'rhetoric', 'person', 'failure', 'islands', 'knockouts', 'knees', 'TV', 'negotiations', 'renewal', 'assassinations', 'leadership', 'idea', 'DECAPITATE', 'WOAH', 'DECAPITATION', 'guys', 'terms', '8RQI4WSJ8i', 'JesseBWatters', 'sign', 'desperation', 'anger', 'fevered', 'possibility', 'despair', 'effort', 'head', 'eye', 'VcUExOl8Kr', 'Department', 'State', 'boot-lickers', 'Twitter', 'Bombing', 'Strait', 'barnes_law', 'reality', 'truth', 'MOU', 'CENTCOM', 'casualties', 'contractors', 'cabinet', 'cowards', 'Vance', 'Colby', 'time', 'obligations', 'word', 'Americans', 'comment', 'resolution', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'choice', 'cards', 'question', 'advantage', 'agreement', 'fact', 'argument', 'something', 'calculations', '2']",2026-07-24,2026-07-25,nakedcapitalism.com
57112,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xryma-plc--pre-listing-liquidity-facility-and-price-discovery-process-302833658.html,Xryma Plc : Pre-Listing Liquidity Facility and Price Discovery Process,"NICOSIA  Cyprus  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Xryma Plc (""Xryma"") announces its intention to reapply within the next twelve months for admission to list on Euronext Paris (""Euronext"")  with such admission being subject to Euronext's approval. Before submitti…","NICOSIA  Cyprus  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Xryma Plc (""Xryma"") announces its intention to reapply within the next twelve months for admission to list on Euronext Paris (""Euronext"")  with such admission being subject to Euronext's approval. Before submitting its application  Xryma intends to launch a pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process  comprising a private placement to institutional and qualified investors alongside a secondary market offer to Xryma existing shareholders (""shareholders"") wishing to exit prior to listing.The admission referred to above that is subject to the approval of Euronext may also be subject to approval by relevant regulatory authorities  and no assurance can be given that approval will be granted or as to the timing of any admission.The pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process is designed to:Enable shareholders seeking an exit to participate without the need to open an EU brokerage account Provide a clear and orderly opportunity for existing shareholders to sell all or part of their holdings ahead of any potential admission to trading on Euronext Paris Enable shareholders to sell all or part of their holdings at the same price at which qualified and institutional investors subscribe for shares in the Company Establish  through a bookbuild with qualified and institutional investors  a market-validated referenced price for Xryma shares ahead of any potential admission on Euronext Paris (the ""Primary Market Placement Price"") Support orderly trading upon potential admission.Individual shareholder mailouts explaining the details of the pre-listing liquidity facility scheme with instructions and necessary documentation will be conducted during August 2026.As the Primary Market Placement Price is to be determined by the subsequent bookbuild  shareholders will be given the opportunity to set a floor price which will result in the sale of their shares if the Primary Market Placement Price is higher. Shareholders will receive the Primary Market Placement Price minus applicable fees.Shareholders and Investors may be scaled back to match corresponding demand from the other party  with partial fulfilment a possibility if the Company cannot match supply to demand.Completion of the process is subject to achieving a level of institutional and qualified investor demand that the Board considers appropriate to support an orderly market should Xryma subsequently be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.Participation is entirely voluntary. Shareholders who do not wish to sell will simply retain their shares. Shareholders that do not intend to participate should continue to onboard with a Euronext participating broker  or a Euroclear ESES custodian  per previous communications.The major shareholders  SCP Select All Enterprise (Monaco) and SCP Red 5 Solutions (Monaco) will not participate in the offer and will be subject to lock up arrangements.Mr Nikogiannis (John) Karantzis  CEO of Xryma Plc comments: ""Our shareholders have told us they would value a straightforward way to realise their holdings without the time and cost of opening an EU brokerage account. This process is our response to that feedback. We are structuring the placement to be large enough to establish a credible reference price whilst limiting dilution  with demand directed first towards meeting shareholder sell interest. We look forward to updating the market on the revised timetable in due course.""Shareholders seeking a more detailed explanation of the pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process  should refer to the guide available at https://www.xryma.com/investorsImportant Information & DisclaimersThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).This publication is not for publication or distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Canada  Australia  South Africa  Japan or any other jurisdiction where such an announcement would be unlawful. The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No action has been taken that would permit an offering of the treasury shares or possession or distribution of this publication in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.This publication does not constitute or form part of an offer for sale or solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States  Canada  Australia  South Africa  Japan or any other jurisdiction and the securities referred to herein have not been registered under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Any New Shares (if such are issued) will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or under the securities laws of any State or any other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of  the Securities Act and in compliance with all applicable securities laws of any State or any other jurisdiction of the United States. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States or in any other jurisdiction.The information set forth herein must not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution is unlawful  and any recipients are requested to inform themselves about and to observe such restrictions.The Offering referred to herein by Xryma Plc will only be made in accordance with all applicable corporate and securities laws. Any shares referred to herein will exclusively be offered or sold in reliance on any applicable exemptions from prospectus or registration requirements in any jurisdiction. In member states of the European Economic Area  this publication is only addressed to and directed at persons who are 'qualified investors' within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and including any relevant delegated regulations  the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or in any other circumstances falling within exemptions available in the relevant member state under Article 1(4) and/or 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation. In the United Kingdom  this publication is only addressed to and directed at qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended (""EUWA"")  who are persons (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies  incorporated associations  etc.) of the Order  or (iii) to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated; any other persons in the United Kingdom should not take any action on the basis of this publication and should not act on or rely on it.This publication does not constitute a recommendation concerning the prospective Offering. This announcement does not constitute an Offer or invitation to subscribe.This announcement includes statements that are  or may be deemed to be  'forward looking statements'. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology  including the terms 'believes'  'estimates'  'anticipates'  'expects'  'intends'  'may'  'will'  or 'should' or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. By their nature  forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances which may or may not occur. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and circumstances may vary materially from those described in this announcement as anticipated  believed  estimated or expected.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Pre-Listing Liquidity Facility', 'Price Discovery Process', 'Xryma Plc', 'listing liquidity facility scheme', 'Primary Market Placement Price', 'validated referenced price', 'credible reference price', 'next twelve months', 'relevant regulatory authorities', 'Euroclear ESES custodian', 'price discovery process', 'EU brokerage account', 'Individual shareholder mailouts', 'SCP Red 5 Solutions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext participating broker', 'secondary market offer', 'qualified investor demand', 'Xryma existing shareholders', 'same price', 'floor price', 'private placement', 'orderly market', 'orderly trading', 'necessary documentation', 'applicable fees', 'other party', 'partial fulfilment', 'previous communications', 'Mr Nikogiannis', 'John) Karantzis', 'straightforward way', 'due course', 'detailed explanation', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'Euronext Paris', 'corresponding demand', 'Important Information', 'other information', 'Xryma Plc', 'orderly opportunity', 'subsequent bookbuild', 'press release', 'securities laws', 'potential admission', 'other jurisdiction', 'treasury shares', 'qualified investors', 'major shareholders', 'institutional investors', 'Xryma shares', 'NICOSIA', 'Cyprus', 'intention', 'approval', 'application', 'assurance', 'timing', 'Enable', 'exit', 'need', 'holdings', 'Company', 'details', 'instructions', 'August', 'sale', 'possibility', 'supply', 'Completion', 'level', 'Board', 'Participation', 'Enterprise', 'Monaco', 'arrangements', 'CEO', 'time', 'cost', 'response', 'feedback', 'dilution', 'interest', 'guide', 'Disclaimers', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'publication', 'distribution', 'America', 'territories', 'possessions', 'District', 'Columbia', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'announcement', 'jurisdictions', 'persons', 'restriction', 'failure', 'violation', 'action', 'offering', 'purpose', 'solicitation']",2026-07-24,2026-07-25,prnewswire.com
57113,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xryma-plc--pre-listing-liquidity-facility-and-price-discovery-process-302833655.html,Xryma Plc : Pre-Listing Liquidity Facility and Price Discovery Process,"NICOSIA  Cyprus  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Xryma Plc (""Xryma"") announces its intention to reapply within the next twelve months for admission to list on Euronext Paris (""Euronext"")  with such admission being subject to Euronext's approval. Before submitti…","NICOSIA  Cyprus  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Xryma Plc (""Xryma"") announces its intention to reapply within the next twelve months for admission to list on Euronext Paris (""Euronext"")  with such admission being subject to Euronext's approval. Before submitting its application  Xryma intends to launch a pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process  comprising a private placement to institutional and qualified investors alongside a secondary market offer to Xryma existing shareholders (""shareholders"") wishing to exit prior to listing.The admission referred to above that is subject to the approval of Euronext may also be subject to approval by relevant regulatory authorities  and no assurance can be given that approval will be granted or as to the timing of any admission.The pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process is designed to:Enable shareholders seeking an exit to participate without the need to open an EU brokerage account Provide a clear and orderly opportunity for existing shareholders to sell all or part of their holdings ahead of any potential admission to trading on Euronext Paris Enable shareholders to sell all or part of their holdings at the same price at which qualified and institutional investors subscribe for shares in the Company Establish  through a bookbuild with qualified and institutional investors  a market-validated referenced price for Xryma shares ahead of any potential admission on Euronext Paris (the ""Primary Market Placement Price"") Support orderly trading upon potential admission.Individual shareholder mailouts explaining the details of the pre-listing liquidity facility scheme with instructions and necessary documentation will be conducted during August 2026.As the Primary Market Placement Price is to be determined by the subsequent bookbuild  shareholders will be given the opportunity to set a floor price which will result in the sale of their shares if the Primary Market Placement Price is higher. Shareholders will receive the Primary Market Placement Price minus applicable fees.Shareholders and Investors may be scaled back to match corresponding demand from the other party  with partial fulfilment a possibility if the Company cannot match supply to demand.Completion of the process is subject to achieving a level of institutional and qualified investor demand that the Board considers appropriate to support an orderly market should Xryma subsequently be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.Participation is entirely voluntary. Shareholders who do not wish to sell will simply retain their shares. Shareholders that do not intend to participate should continue to onboard with a Euronext participating broker  or a Euroclear ESES custodian  per previous communications.The major shareholders  SCP Select All Enterprise (Monaco) and SCP Red 5 Solutions (Monaco) will not participate in the offer and will be subject to lock up arrangements.Mr Nikogiannis (John) Karantzis  CEO of Xryma Plc comments: ""Our shareholders have told us they would value a straightforward way to realise their holdings without the time and cost of opening an EU brokerage account. This process is our response to that feedback. We are structuring the placement to be large enough to establish a credible reference price whilst limiting dilution  with demand directed first towards meeting shareholder sell interest. We look forward to updating the market on the revised timetable in due course.""Shareholders seeking a more detailed explanation of the pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process  should refer to the guide available at https://www.xryma.com/investorsImportant Information & DisclaimersThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).This publication is not for publication or distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Canada  Australia  South Africa  Japan or any other jurisdiction where such an announcement would be unlawful. The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No action has been taken that would permit an offering of the treasury shares or possession or distribution of this publication in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.This publication does not constitute or form part of an offer for sale or solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States  Canada  Australia  South Africa  Japan or any other jurisdiction and the securities referred to herein have not been registered under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Any New Shares (if such are issued) will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or under the securities laws of any State or any other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of  the Securities Act and in compliance with all applicable securities laws of any State or any other jurisdiction of the United States. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States or in any other jurisdiction.The information set forth herein must not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution is unlawful  and any recipients are requested to inform themselves about and to observe such restrictions.The Offering referred to herein by Xryma Plc will only be made in accordance with all applicable corporate and securities laws. Any shares referred to herein will exclusively be offered or sold in reliance on any applicable exemptions from prospectus or registration requirements in any jurisdiction. In member states of the European Economic Area  this publication is only addressed to and directed at persons who are 'qualified investors' within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and including any relevant delegated regulations  the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or in any other circumstances falling within exemptions available in the relevant member state under Article 1(4) and/or 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation. In the United Kingdom  this publication is only addressed to and directed at qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended (""EUWA"")  who are persons (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies  incorporated associations  etc.) of the Order  or (iii) to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated; any other persons in the United Kingdom should not take any action on the basis of this publication and should not act on or rely on it.This publication does not constitute a recommendation concerning the prospective Offering. This announcement does not constitute an Offer or invitation to subscribe.This announcement includes statements that are  or may be deemed to be  'forward looking statements'. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology  including the terms 'believes'  'estimates'  'anticipates'  'expects'  'intends'  'may'  'will'  or 'should' or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. By their nature  forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances which may or may not occur. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and circumstances may vary materially from those described in this announcement as anticipated  believed  estimated or expected.SOURCE Xryma Plc",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Pre-Listing Liquidity Facility', 'Price Discovery Process', 'Xryma Plc', 'listing liquidity facility scheme', 'Primary Market Placement Price', 'validated referenced price', 'credible reference price', 'next twelve months', 'relevant regulatory authorities', 'Euroclear ESES custodian', 'price discovery process', 'EU brokerage account', 'Individual shareholder mailouts', 'SCP Red 5 Solutions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext participating broker', 'secondary market offer', 'qualified investor demand', 'Xryma existing shareholders', 'same price', 'floor price', 'private placement', 'orderly market', 'orderly trading', 'necessary documentation', 'applicable fees', 'other party', 'partial fulfilment', 'previous communications', 'Mr Nikogiannis', 'John) Karantzis', 'straightforward way', 'due course', 'detailed explanation', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'Euronext Paris', 'corresponding demand', 'Important Information', 'other information', 'Xryma Plc', 'orderly opportunity', 'subsequent bookbuild', 'press release', 'securities laws', 'potential admission', 'other jurisdiction', 'treasury shares', 'qualified investors', 'major shareholders', 'institutional investors', 'Xryma shares', 'NICOSIA', 'Cyprus', 'intention', 'approval', 'application', 'assurance', 'timing', 'Enable', 'exit', 'need', 'holdings', 'Company', 'details', 'instructions', 'August', 'sale', 'possibility', 'supply', 'Completion', 'level', 'Board', 'Participation', 'Enterprise', 'Monaco', 'arrangements', 'CEO', 'time', 'cost', 'response', 'feedback', 'dilution', 'interest', 'guide', 'Disclaimers', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'publication', 'distribution', 'America', 'territories', 'possessions', 'District', 'Columbia', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'announcement', 'jurisdictions', 'persons', 'restriction', 'failure', 'violation', 'action', 'offering', 'purpose', 'solicitation']",2026-07-24,2026-07-25,prnewswire.com
57114,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dott-announces-withdrawal-of-written-procedure-and-the-launch-of-a-new-written-procedure-under-its-senior-secured-floating-rate-bonds-20252029-302834092.html,Dott announces withdrawal of Written Procedure and the launch of a new Written Procedure under its Senior Secured Floating Rate Bonds 2025/2029,"AMSTERDAM  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the press release published by TIER Mobility SE (""Dott"" or the ""Issuer"") on 17 July 2026 regarding the initiation of a Written Procedure (the ""Written Procedure"") under its up to EUR 150 000 000 se…","AMSTERDAM  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the press release published by TIER Mobility SE (""Dott"" or the ""Issuer"") on 17 July 2026 regarding the initiation of a Written Procedure (the ""Written Procedure"") under its up to EUR 150 000 000 senior secured floating rate bonds 2025/2029 (ISIN NO0013516369) (the ""Bonds"").The Issuer hereby announces that  following discussions with bondholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the adjusted nominal amount of the Bonds  the Issuer has agreed certain changes to the terms of the Written Procedure. Consequently  the existing Written Procedure is withdrawn and a new Written Procedure will be issued as soon as possible once the relevant documentation has been finalised.All terms and the timeline of the new Written Procedure will be disclosed in connection with the distribution of the updated notice of Written Procedure.The Agent will send a new notice of Written Procedure via Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext Securities Oslo) to persons registered in the securities account with the CSD as holders of the Bonds. The notice of Written Procedure will also be available on the Agent's website. The outcome of the new Written Procedure will be announced by way of a press release.For questions  please contact the Agent  Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ)  at [email protected] or +46 8 783 79 00.This information is information that TIER Mobility SE is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Contacts:Chris Hadfield  Jacopo Dominione[email protected]SOURCE Dott",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Senior Secured Floating Rate Bonds', 'new Written Procedure', 'Dott', 'withdrawal', 'launch', 'EUR 150,000,000 senior secured floating rate bonds', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'TIER Mobility SE', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'existing Written Procedure', 'new Written Procedure', 'securities account', 'new notice', 'press release', '50 per cent', 'nominal amount', 'relevant documentation', 'Verdipapirsentralen ASA', 'Nordic Trustee', 'Agency AB', 'Chris Hadfield', 'Jacopo Dominione', 'updated notice', 'SOURCE Dott', 'The Issuer', 'AMSTERDAM', 'PRNewswire', 'Reference', '17 July', 'initiation', 'ISIN', 'discussions', 'bondholders', 'changes', 'terms', 'timeline', 'connection', 'distribution', 'Agent', 'persons', 'CSD', 'website', 'outcome', 'way', 'questions', 'information', 'Contacts']",2026-07-24,2026-07-25,prnewswire.com
57115,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xryma-plc--pre-listing-liquidity-facility-and-price-discovery-process-302833658.html,Xryma Plc : Pre-Listing Liquidity Facility and Price Discovery Process,"NICOSIA  Cyprus  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Xryma Plc (""Xryma"") announces its intention to reapply within the next twelve months for admission to list on Euronext Paris (""Euronext"")  with such admission being subject to Euronext's approval. Before submitti…","NICOSIA  Cyprus  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Xryma Plc (""Xryma"") announces its intention to reapply within the next twelve months for admission to list on Euronext Paris (""Euronext"")  with such admission being subject to Euronext's approval. Before submitting its application  Xryma intends to launch a pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process  comprising a private placement to institutional and qualified investors alongside a secondary market offer to Xryma existing shareholders (""shareholders"") wishing to exit prior to listing.The admission referred to above that is subject to the approval of Euronext may also be subject to approval by relevant regulatory authorities  and no assurance can be given that approval will be granted or as to the timing of any admission.The pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process is designed to:Enable shareholders seeking an exit to participate without the need to open an EU brokerage account Provide a clear and orderly opportunity for existing shareholders to sell all or part of their holdings ahead of any potential admission to trading on Euronext Paris Enable shareholders to sell all or part of their holdings at the same price at which qualified and institutional investors subscribe for shares in the Company Establish  through a bookbuild with qualified and institutional investors  a market-validated referenced price for Xryma shares ahead of any potential admission on Euronext Paris (the ""Primary Market Placement Price"") Support orderly trading upon potential admission.Individual shareholder mailouts explaining the details of the pre-listing liquidity facility scheme with instructions and necessary documentation will be conducted during August 2026.As the Primary Market Placement Price is to be determined by the subsequent bookbuild  shareholders will be given the opportunity to set a floor price which will result in the sale of their shares if the Primary Market Placement Price is higher. Shareholders will receive the Primary Market Placement Price minus applicable fees.Shareholders and Investors may be scaled back to match corresponding demand from the other party  with partial fulfilment a possibility if the Company cannot match supply to demand.Completion of the process is subject to achieving a level of institutional and qualified investor demand that the Board considers appropriate to support an orderly market should Xryma subsequently be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.Participation is entirely voluntary. Shareholders who do not wish to sell will simply retain their shares. Shareholders that do not intend to participate should continue to onboard with a Euronext participating broker  or a Euroclear ESES custodian  per previous communications.The major shareholders  SCP Select All Enterprise (Monaco) and SCP Red 5 Solutions (Monaco) will not participate in the offer and will be subject to lock up arrangements.Mr Nikogiannis (John) Karantzis  CEO of Xryma Plc comments: ""Our shareholders have told us they would value a straightforward way to realise their holdings without the time and cost of opening an EU brokerage account. This process is our response to that feedback. We are structuring the placement to be large enough to establish a credible reference price whilst limiting dilution  with demand directed first towards meeting shareholder sell interest. We look forward to updating the market on the revised timetable in due course.""Shareholders seeking a more detailed explanation of the pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process  should refer to the guide available at https://www.xryma.com/investorsImportant Information & DisclaimersThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).This publication is not for publication or distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Canada  Australia  South Africa  Japan or any other jurisdiction where such an announcement would be unlawful. The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No action has been taken that would permit an offering of the treasury shares or possession or distribution of this publication in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.This publication does not constitute or form part of an offer for sale or solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States  Canada  Australia  South Africa  Japan or any other jurisdiction and the securities referred to herein have not been registered under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Any New Shares (if such are issued) will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or under the securities laws of any State or any other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of  the Securities Act and in compliance with all applicable securities laws of any State or any other jurisdiction of the United States. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States or in any other jurisdiction.The information set forth herein must not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution is unlawful  and any recipients are requested to inform themselves about and to observe such restrictions.The Offering referred to herein by Xryma Plc will only be made in accordance with all applicable corporate and securities laws. Any shares referred to herein will exclusively be offered or sold in reliance on any applicable exemptions from prospectus or registration requirements in any jurisdiction. In member states of the European Economic Area  this publication is only addressed to and directed at persons who are 'qualified investors' within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and including any relevant delegated regulations  the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or in any other circumstances falling within exemptions available in the relevant member state under Article 1(4) and/or 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation. In the United Kingdom  this publication is only addressed to and directed at qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended (""EUWA"")  who are persons (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies  incorporated associations  etc.) of the Order  or (iii) to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated; any other persons in the United Kingdom should not take any action on the basis of this publication and should not act on or rely on it.This publication does not constitute a recommendation concerning the prospective Offering. This announcement does not constitute an Offer or invitation to subscribe.This announcement includes statements that are  or may be deemed to be  'forward looking statements'. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology  including the terms 'believes'  'estimates'  'anticipates'  'expects'  'intends'  'may'  'will'  or 'should' or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. By their nature  forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances which may or may not occur. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and circumstances may vary materially from those described in this announcement as anticipated  believed  estimated or expected.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Pre-Listing Liquidity Facility', 'Price Discovery Process', 'Xryma Plc', 'listing liquidity facility scheme', 'Primary Market Placement Price', 'validated referenced price', 'credible reference price', 'next twelve months', 'relevant regulatory authorities', 'Euroclear ESES custodian', 'price discovery process', 'EU brokerage account', 'Individual shareholder mailouts', 'SCP Red 5 Solutions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext participating broker', 'secondary market offer', 'qualified investor demand', 'Xryma existing shareholders', 'same price', 'floor price', 'private placement', 'orderly market', 'orderly trading', 'necessary documentation', 'applicable fees', 'other party', 'partial fulfilment', 'previous communications', 'Mr Nikogiannis', 'John) Karantzis', 'straightforward way', 'due course', 'detailed explanation', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'Euronext Paris', 'corresponding demand', 'Important Information', 'other information', 'Xryma Plc', 'orderly opportunity', 'subsequent bookbuild', 'press release', 'securities laws', 'potential admission', 'other jurisdiction', 'treasury shares', 'qualified investors', 'major shareholders', 'institutional investors', 'Xryma shares', 'NICOSIA', 'Cyprus', 'intention', 'approval', 'application', 'assurance', 'timing', 'Enable', 'exit', 'need', 'holdings', 'Company', 'details', 'instructions', 'August', 'sale', 'possibility', 'supply', 'Completion', 'level', 'Board', 'Participation', 'Enterprise', 'Monaco', 'arrangements', 'CEO', 'time', 'cost', 'response', 'feedback', 'dilution', 'interest', 'guide', 'Disclaimers', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'publication', 'distribution', 'America', 'territories', 'possessions', 'District', 'Columbia', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'announcement', 'jurisdictions', 'persons', 'restriction', 'failure', 'violation', 'action', 'offering', 'purpose', 'solicitation']",2026-07-24,2026-07-25,prnewswire.com
57116,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xryma-plc--pre-listing-liquidity-facility-and-price-discovery-process-302833655.html,Xryma Plc : Pre-Listing Liquidity Facility and Price Discovery Process,"NICOSIA  Cyprus  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Xryma Plc (""Xryma"") announces its intention to reapply within the next twelve months for admission to list on Euronext Paris (""Euronext"")  with such admission being subject to Euronext's approval. Before submitti…","NICOSIA  Cyprus  July 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Xryma Plc (""Xryma"") announces its intention to reapply within the next twelve months for admission to list on Euronext Paris (""Euronext"")  with such admission being subject to Euronext's approval. Before submitting its application  Xryma intends to launch a pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process  comprising a private placement to institutional and qualified investors alongside a secondary market offer to Xryma existing shareholders (""shareholders"") wishing to exit prior to listing.The admission referred to above that is subject to the approval of Euronext may also be subject to approval by relevant regulatory authorities  and no assurance can be given that approval will be granted or as to the timing of any admission.The pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process is designed to:Enable shareholders seeking an exit to participate without the need to open an EU brokerage account Provide a clear and orderly opportunity for existing shareholders to sell all or part of their holdings ahead of any potential admission to trading on Euronext Paris Enable shareholders to sell all or part of their holdings at the same price at which qualified and institutional investors subscribe for shares in the Company Establish  through a bookbuild with qualified and institutional investors  a market-validated referenced price for Xryma shares ahead of any potential admission on Euronext Paris (the ""Primary Market Placement Price"") Support orderly trading upon potential admission.Individual shareholder mailouts explaining the details of the pre-listing liquidity facility scheme with instructions and necessary documentation will be conducted during August 2026.As the Primary Market Placement Price is to be determined by the subsequent bookbuild  shareholders will be given the opportunity to set a floor price which will result in the sale of their shares if the Primary Market Placement Price is higher. Shareholders will receive the Primary Market Placement Price minus applicable fees.Shareholders and Investors may be scaled back to match corresponding demand from the other party  with partial fulfilment a possibility if the Company cannot match supply to demand.Completion of the process is subject to achieving a level of institutional and qualified investor demand that the Board considers appropriate to support an orderly market should Xryma subsequently be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.Participation is entirely voluntary. Shareholders who do not wish to sell will simply retain their shares. Shareholders that do not intend to participate should continue to onboard with a Euronext participating broker  or a Euroclear ESES custodian  per previous communications.The major shareholders  SCP Select All Enterprise (Monaco) and SCP Red 5 Solutions (Monaco) will not participate in the offer and will be subject to lock up arrangements.Mr Nikogiannis (John) Karantzis  CEO of Xryma Plc comments: ""Our shareholders have told us they would value a straightforward way to realise their holdings without the time and cost of opening an EU brokerage account. This process is our response to that feedback. We are structuring the placement to be large enough to establish a credible reference price whilst limiting dilution  with demand directed first towards meeting shareholder sell interest. We look forward to updating the market on the revised timetable in due course.""Shareholders seeking a more detailed explanation of the pre-listing liquidity facility and price discovery process  should refer to the guide available at https://www.xryma.com/investorsImportant Information & DisclaimersThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).This publication is not for publication or distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Canada  Australia  South Africa  Japan or any other jurisdiction where such an announcement would be unlawful. The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No action has been taken that would permit an offering of the treasury shares or possession or distribution of this publication in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.This publication does not constitute or form part of an offer for sale or solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States  Canada  Australia  South Africa  Japan or any other jurisdiction and the securities referred to herein have not been registered under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Any New Shares (if such are issued) will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or under the securities laws of any State or any other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of  the Securities Act and in compliance with all applicable securities laws of any State or any other jurisdiction of the United States. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States or in any other jurisdiction.The information set forth herein must not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution is unlawful  and any recipients are requested to inform themselves about and to observe such restrictions.The Offering referred to herein by Xryma Plc will only be made in accordance with all applicable corporate and securities laws. Any shares referred to herein will exclusively be offered or sold in reliance on any applicable exemptions from prospectus or registration requirements in any jurisdiction. In member states of the European Economic Area  this publication is only addressed to and directed at persons who are 'qualified investors' within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and including any relevant delegated regulations  the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or in any other circumstances falling within exemptions available in the relevant member state under Article 1(4) and/or 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation. In the United Kingdom  this publication is only addressed to and directed at qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended (""EUWA"")  who are persons (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies  incorporated associations  etc.) of the Order  or (iii) to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated; any other persons in the United Kingdom should not take any action on the basis of this publication and should not act on or rely on it.This publication does not constitute a recommendation concerning the prospective Offering. This announcement does not constitute an Offer or invitation to subscribe.This announcement includes statements that are  or may be deemed to be  'forward looking statements'. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology  including the terms 'believes'  'estimates'  'anticipates'  'expects'  'intends'  'may'  'will'  or 'should' or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. By their nature  forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances which may or may not occur. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Company. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and circumstances may vary materially from those described in this announcement as anticipated  believed  estimated or expected.SOURCE Xryma Plc",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Pre-Listing Liquidity Facility', 'Price Discovery Process', 'Xryma Plc', 'listing liquidity facility scheme', 'Primary Market Placement Price', 'validated referenced price', 'credible reference price', 'next twelve months', 'relevant regulatory authorities', 'Euroclear ESES custodian', 'price discovery process', 'EU brokerage account', 'Individual shareholder mailouts', 'SCP Red 5 Solutions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext participating broker', 'secondary market offer', 'qualified investor demand', 'Xryma existing shareholders', 'same price', 'floor price', 'private placement', 'orderly market', 'orderly trading', 'necessary documentation', 'applicable fees', 'other party', 'partial fulfilment', 'previous communications', 'Mr Nikogiannis', 'John) Karantzis', 'straightforward way', 'due course', 'detailed explanation', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'Euronext Paris', 'corresponding demand', 'Important Information', 'other information', 'Xryma Plc', 'orderly opportunity', 'subsequent bookbuild', 'press release', 'securities laws', 'potential admission', 'other jurisdiction', 'treasury shares', 'qualified investors', 'major shareholders', 'institutional investors', 'Xryma shares', 'NICOSIA', 'Cyprus', 'intention', 'approval', 'application', 'assurance', 'timing', 'Enable', 'exit', 'need', 'holdings', 'Company', 'details', 'instructions', 'August', 'sale', 'possibility', 'supply', 'Completion', 'level', 'Board', 'Participation', 'Enterprise', 'Monaco', 'arrangements', 'CEO', 'time', 'cost', 'response', 'feedback', 'dilution', 'interest', 'guide', 'Disclaimers', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'publication', 'distribution', 'America', 'territories', 'possessions', 'District', 'Columbia', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'announcement', 'jurisdictions', 'persons', 'restriction', 'failure', 'violation', 'action', 'offering', 'purpose', 'solicitation']",2026-07-24,2026-07-25,prnewswire.com
57117,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/07/24/3332691/0/en/Ipsen-provides-update-on-Phase-III-BOLD-trial-in-biliary-atresia.html,Ipsen provides update on Phase III BOLD trial in biliary atresia,PARIS  FRANCE  24 JULY 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that the Phase III BOLD trial evaluating Bylvay versus placebo for patients living with biliary atresia (BA) who have already undergone a Kasai hepatoportoenterostomy (HPE) did no…,"PARIS  FRANCE  24 JULY 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that the Phase III BOLD trial evaluating Bylvay versus placebo for patients living with biliary atresia (BA) who have already undergone a Kasai hepatoportoenterostomy (HPE) did not meet the primary endpoint of improvement in native liver survival vs placebo. Current topline data is in line with the well-established safety profile of odevixibat in approved indications. Characterized as a rapidly progressive and complex condition  BA is the leading cause of paediatric liver transplant  with no approved therapeutic options beyond Kasai HPE or liver transplant surgery.“Biliary atresia is a rare and serious liver disease that affects babies. Progressing rapidly and with no effective medical treatments  many children develop severe liver damage and biliary atresia remains the number 1 cause of liver transplantation in children  often before the age of 2. Research remains limited  leaving patients  families and clinicians with very few therapeutic options ” said lead investigator Dr Saul J. Karpen MD PhD FAASLD  Pediatric Hepatologist and Chief Scientific Officer  Stravitz-Sanyal Institute for Liver Disease and Metabolic Health  Virginia Commonwealth University. “As the first global Phase III trial in biliary atresia  BOLD has generated the most comprehensive dataset ever assembled in this disease. Although the study did not meet its primary endpoint  the commitment of participating children and families has produced valuable insights that will deepen our understanding of biliary atresia and provide a crucial basis for future research and patient care. As biliary atresia is a heterogeneous disease with variable clinical presentation and progression  further analyses of this comprehensive dataset may provide important insights into disease biology and help us better understand whether outcomes differ across patient subgroups.""“This outcome is disappointing for patients living with this serious disease and their families ” said Christelle Huguet  PhD  EVP Head of R&D  Ipsen. “These results reflect the significant challenge biliary atresia presents as a complex  rare paediatric cholestatic liver disease which has so far evaded all therapeutic attempts beyond surgery. We would like to sincerely thank the patients  caregivers  investigators  and the broader biliary atresia community who dedicated their time and effort to the BOLD trial. Their commitment has been instrumental in helping advance our understanding of biliary atresia and the needs of those living with this challenging disease.”About Bylvay (odevixibat)Odevixibat is a once-daily selective and potent ileal bile acid transport (IBAT) inhibitor that reduces bile acid reabsorption in the intestine. Through IBAT inhibition  the bile acids are instead diverted and excreted with faeces. Bylvay® (odevixibat) is approved in the U.S. as the first treatment for cholestatic pruritus in Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis (PFIC) across all types  and for pruritus in patients with Alagille Syndrome (ALGS). In the EU Bylvay is approved for the treatment of PFIC  with orphan exclusivity granted  and is additionally marketed as KAYFANDA® for ALGS.About the BOLD Phase III trialBOLD is a Phase III randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  trial (NCT04336722) investigating the efficacy and safety of odevixibat compared to placebo in patients with biliary atresia who have undergone a Kasai hepatoportoenterostomy (HPE). It is the largest trial evaluating disease modification in biliary atresia. The trial enrolled 254 patients across 19 countries who had undergone Kasai HPE surgery within the first 90 days of life. Patients received oral odevixibat 120mcg/kg/day or placebo once daily for up to 104 weeks. The primary endpoint was native liver survival  defined as time from randomization to first occurrence of liver transplant or death at week 104. An open-label extension study currently ongoing (BOLD-EXT) is evaluating the longer-term safety and efficacy of odevixibat in patients who have completed the BOLD trial. A decision regarding the continuation of patients in the open-label extension will be made following a comprehensive review of the full trial data.About biliary atresiaBiliary atresia (BA) is a rare  serious pediatric cholestatic liver disease affecting 1 in 5 000-20 000 newborns in which the bile ducts inside and/or outside the liver are blocked  absent  or scarred  preventing bile from draining from the liver into the intestine. Bile then builds up in the liver  causing progressive inflammation  fibrosis  cirrhosis and ultimately liver failure if untreated. The condition appears in newborns and young infants  typically within the first weeks to months of life  often through persistent jaundice  pale stools and dark urine. Biliary atresia is the most common cause of pediatric liver transplantation worldwide. While an early Kasai HPE surgical procedure can restore bile flow and delay disease progression  it does not always cure the condition and many patients will require a liver transplant. Currently there are no approved medical treatments options for BA.About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. Our pipeline is fueled by internal and external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 100 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen ContactsInvestors Henry Wheeler henry.wheeler@ipsen.com +33 7 66 47 11 49 Khalid Deojee khalid.deojee@ipsen.com +33 6 66 01 95 26 Media Sally Bain sally.bain@ipsen.com +1 857 320 0517 Anne Liontas anne.liontas.ext@ipsen.com +33 7 67 34 72 96Disclaimers and/or forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation and risks arising from unexpected regulatory or political changes such as changes in tax regulation and regulations on trade and tariffs  such as protectionist measures  especially in the United States; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.26,0.63,True,English,"['Phase III BOLD trial', 'biliary atresia', 'Ipsen', 'update', 'lead investigator Dr Saul J. Karpen MD PhD FAASLD', 'Phase III randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, trial', 'complex, rare paediatric cholestatic liver disease', 'rare, serious pediatric cholestatic liver disease', 'potent ileal bile acid transport', 'first global Phase III trial', 'early Kasai HPE surgical procedure', 'Phase III BOLD trial', 'BOLD Phase III trial', 'Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis', 'broader biliary atresia community', 'significant challenge biliary atresia', 'paediatric liver transplant', 'bile acid reabsorption', 'full trial data', 'serious liver disease', 'Current topline data', 'effective medical treatments', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Virginia Commonwealth University', 'variable clinical presentation', 'pediatric liver transplantation', 'native liver survival', 'severe liver damage', 'liver transplant surgery', 'Kasai HPE surgery', 'open-label extension study', 'serious disease', 'cholestatic pruritus', 'Pediatric Hepatologist', 'complex condition', 'largest trial', 'Kasai hepatoportoenterostomy', 'heterogeneous disease', 'disease biology', 'challenging disease', 'disease modification', 'liver failure', 'first 90 days', 'first occurrence', 'progressive inflammation', 'bile acids', 'bile ducts', 'bile flow', 'disease progression', 'first treatment', 'first weeks', 'primary endpoint', 'leading cause', 'therapeutic options', 'number 1 cause', 'Stravitz-Sanyal Institute', 'Metabolic Health', 'comprehensive dataset', 'valuable insights', 'crucial basis', 'patient care', 'important insights', 'patient subgroups', 'Christelle Huguet', 'EVP Head', 'R&D', 'therapeutic attempts', 'IBAT) inhibitor', 'IBAT inhibition', 'U.S.', 'Alagille Syndrome', 'comprehensive review', 'young infants', 'persistent jaundice', 'pale stools', 'dark urine', 'common cause', 'safety profile', 'many children', 'participating children', 'longer-term safety', 'future research', '5,000-20,000 newborns', 'oral odevixibat', 'many patients', '104 weeks', '254 patients', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '24 JULY', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Bylvay', 'improvement', 'indications', 'babies', 'families', 'clinicians', 'commitment', 'understanding', 'analyses', 'outcomes', 'results', 'caregivers', 'investigators', 'time', 'effort', 'needs', 'selective', 'intestine', 'faeces', 'PFIC', 'types', 'ALGS', 'orphan', 'exclusivity', 'KAYFANDA®', 'efficacy', '19 countries', 'life', 'randomization', 'death', 'BOLD-EXT', 'decision', 'continuation', 'fibrosis', 'cirrhosis', 'months']",2026-07-24,2026-07-25,globenewswire.com
57118,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2026/07/24/european-shares-rise-on-back-of-corporate-earnings/,European shares rise on back of corporate earnings,Irish market ends week on a high note,European shares rose on Friday ‌after registering their steepest one-day loss in two weeks in the previous session  as investors drew comfort from some corporate earnings and assessed the impact higher oil ​prices could have on monetary policy.Meanwhile  the Trump ‌administration imposed new tariffs of 10 per cent and 12.5 per cent on ​goods from 60 trading partners  citing lax enforcement of forced-labour bans. The move came as a temporary 10 per cent global tariff expired.DublinThe Irish market ended the week on a high note  gaining 1.9 per cent by the closing bell. That led to an overall gain of 1.4 per cent for the week.The Euronext Dublin was lifted by gains in banking shares  with AIB rising 1.6 per cent and Bank of Ireland adding almost 1 per cent.Food groups Kerry and Glanbia also made gains  with the latter rising 0.3 per cent and Kerry adding 1.6 per cent. But that wasn’t enough to erase all the losses of the week  with both stocks notching up weekly deficits.Aer Lingus job cuts and Ryanair’s profits plunge - what is happening in the Irish aviation sector? Listen | 41:54Ryanair also erased some of the losses of the week  with a 4.29 per cent gain on the day that reduced its losses to 1.3 per cent for the week. Ferries firm Irish Continental fared a little worse  with a 1 per cent loss on the day.Kingspan also ended the day in positive territory  adding 1.5 per cent.LondonBritain’s FTSE 100 index climbed on Friday  helped by gains in HSBC shares that boosted financial stocks.The blue-chip FTSE 100 index rose ​0.9 per cent to 10 736.23 points  while the mid-cap FTSE 250 also climbed 0.3 per cent.HSBC ‌rose ​1.7 per cent after Allianz agreed to acquire its life insurance business in Singapore for S$2.7 billion (€1.8 billion).Energy shares fell 1.1 per cent  with BP and Shell down 1.6 per cent and 0.9 per cent  respectively.Among individual stocks  discoverie rose ​12.5 per cent to the top of the FTSE mid-cap index after ​the electronics components maker said its annual earnings are expected to exceed market expectations.EuropeThe pan-European STOXX 600 index edged 0.6 per cent higher to 644.67  rising for the second straight week. Germany’s DAX rose as SAP gained 10 per cent after the software group reported second-quarter current cloud backlog growth in advance of analyst expectations.Volkswagen dipped about 1 per cent after the carmaker dropped its previous revenue growth forecast following a 9.5 per cent slump in second-quarter profit.Sweden’s Securitas slid 11 per cent and was set for ​its steepest one-day drop since August 2006 after the security services provider reported a lower-than-expected second-quarter core profit.New YorkWall Street’s big indexes rose on Friday but remained on track for weekly ‌losses as investors weighed a busy slate of corporate earnings  escalating Middle East tensions and new tariffs.Intel added to this week’s key earnings reports  forecasting quarterly profit and ​revenue above Wall Street estimates and outlining plans to increase spending over the next two years. The chipmaker’s shares fell 3 per cent despite upbeat results.Shares of Digital Realty ​Trust jumped 15 per cent and were on track for their best day since 2009 after the firm raised its full-year forecast for funds from operations.In early trading  the Dow Jones Industrial Average ⁠rose 358.97 points  or 0.70 per cent  to 52 073.03  the S&P 500 gained 43.50 points  or 0.59 per cent  to 7 451.80 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 30.60 points  or 0.12 per cent  to 25 168.30. – Additional reporting: Reuters,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.21,0.63,True,English,"['European shares', 'corporate earnings', 'back', 'second-quarter current cloud backlog growth', 'temporary 10 per cent global tariff', 'Aer Lingus job cuts', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'previous revenue growth forecast', 'steepest one-day loss', 'higher oil \u200bprices', 'life insurance business', 'electronics components maker', 'pan-European STOXX 600 index', 'steepest one-day drop', 'security services provider', 'Middle East tensions', 'Digital Realty \u200bTrust', 'second-quarter core profit', 'next two years', 'Irish aviation sector', 'blue-chip FTSE 100 index', 'key earnings reports', 'Wall Street estimates', 'FTSE mid-cap index', '1 per cent loss', '9.5 per cent slump', 'second straight week', '4.29 per cent gain', 'The Euronext Dublin', 'second-quarter profit', 'previous session', 'full-year forecast', 'mid-cap FTSE 250', '12.5 per cent', '1.9 per cent', '1.4 per cent', '1.6 per cent', '1.3 per cent', '1.5 per cent', 'two weeks', 'overall gain', 'Irish market', 'Irish Continental', 'quarterly profit', 'corporate earnings', 'annual earnings', 'monetary policy', 'Trump \u200cadministration', 'new tariffs', '60 trading partners', 'lax enforcement', 'forced-labour bans', 'high note', 'closing bell', 'Food groups', 'weekly deficits', 'profits plunge', 'positive territory', 'market expectations', 'software group', 'analyst expectations', 'New York', 'big indexes', 'busy slate', 'upbeat results', 'early trading', 'S&P 500', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Additional reporting', 'European shares', 'banking shares', 'financial stocks', 'Energy shares', 'individual stocks', 'Ferries firm', 'weekly \u200closses', 'best day', 'HSBC shares', '\u200brevenue', '0.70 per', '0.59 per', '0.12 per', 'Friday', 'investors', 'comfort', 'impact', '\u200bgoods', 'move', 'gains', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'Kerry', 'Glanbia', 'latter', 'Ryanair', 'Listen', 'Kingspan', 'London', 'Britain', 'Allianz', 'Singapore', 'BP', 'Shell', 'discoverie', 'top', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'SAP', 'advance', 'Volkswagen', 'carmaker', 'Sweden', 'Securitas', 'August', 'track', 'Intel', 'plans', 'spending', 'chipmaker', 'funds', 'operations', '8.97 points', '43.50 points', '30.60 points', 'Reuters', '6.23', '0.9']",2026-07-24,2026-07-25,irishtimes.com
