UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
41558,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.cnn.com/2024/05/24/business/russian-frozen-assets-g7-ukraine/index.html,The West is tapping Russian money to arm Ukraine. Much more could follow,Money generated by Russian financial assets frozen in Europe will soon start flowing to Ukraine  giving Kyiv a boost as it struggles to counter an advance by Moscow’s troops. Now  the West is trying to turn that trickle of cash into a flood.,London CNN —Money generated by Russian financial assets frozen in Europe will soon start flowing to Ukraine  giving Kyiv a boost as it struggles to counter an advance by Moscow’s troops. Now  the West is trying to turn that trickle of cash into a flood.Finance officials from the G7 economies met in Stresa  Italy to discuss new ways of using the proceeds from some €260 billion ($282 billion) of Russia’s foreign currency reserves that were frozen by Western countries after the full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022.“Progress has been made … as far as the main issues are concerned ” Italian Economy Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti said Saturday during a press conference after the meeting  adding that there are some legal technical issues that still have to be resolved.There is “strong positioning in terms of a political stance by all the G7 countries ” Giorgetti said.The G7 meeting comes just weeks after Russia mounted a surprise assault in Ukraine’s northern Kharkiv region. As Russia’s attacks intensify  Western leaders are coming under increasing pressure to deliver military aid to Kyiv’s stretched armed forces.It is “vital and urgent that we collectively find a way forward to unlock the value of Russian sovereign assets immobilized in our jurisdictions for the benefit of Ukraine ” US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said during a speech Tuesday in Frankfurt  Germany.The proposal that reportedly has the broadest backing among US and EU officials involves lending as much as $50 billion to Ukraine  using the future windfall profits from Russian assets held in the European Union as collateral.The plan “would essentially bring forward that flow of interest proceeds from the assets… (through a loan) given to Ukraine ” Yellen told broadcaster Sky News in an interview this week. “Ukraine has substantial needs  and being able to marshal significant resources to help Ukraine is important ” she said.US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen addresses a press conference in Stresa  Italy  on May 23  2024. Gabriel Bouys/AFP/Getty ImagesG7 finance ministers hope to agree on a way forward that can be signed off when President Joe Biden and other leaders meet for a summit in Italy next month.The plan stops short of seizing the assets outright. The EU is worried that such a move would discourage other countries from keeping their assets in the bloc. Most of the frozen Russian money is held in Europe  and the euro is the world’s second-most important currency after the US dollar.The proposal “is a halfway house to full seizure ” Lee Buccheit  a veteran sovereign debt expert and honorary professor at the University of Edinburgh Law School  told CNN.From $3 billion to $50 billion?Around two-thirds of Russia’s immobilized assets  or some €210 billion ($228 billion)  sits in the EU  mostly at Euroclear  a Belgium-based financial institution that keeps assets safe for banks  exchanges and investors.Following months of discussions  the EU formally adopted an agreement Tuesday that taps the windfall profits Euroclear makes by reinvesting the cash generated by those assets — such as coupon payments on bonds. Western sanctions mean coupon payments and maturing assets cannot be sent to Russia.Under the EU agreement  between €2.5 and €3 billion ($2.7-3.3 billion) of these profits will be sent annually to Kyiv. The first payment will be made in July  with 90% earmarked for arms and military equipment.The split of funds will be reviewed each year starting in January 2025  with the option to shift spending toward rebuilding Ukraine’s war-torn economy as its needs change.“The EU has chosen a way forward that is legally sound  and flexible so that support can adjust to Ukraine’s most pressing needs ” European Commissioner for Trade Valdis Dombrovskis said in a statement Tuesday.Unlike the drip feed of funding agreed by the EU  the proposal under discussion by the G7 could deliver a much bigger lump sum  immediately.Reuters reported Yellen as saying Thursday that a figure of $50 billion had been discussed by G7 ministers but there was no agreement yet on how big the collateralized loan should be.An even bigger check?Apart from seizing the stash of assets  or lending Kyiv money backed by the interest they earn  there’s a third option the West might consider — a so-called reparations loan.Under this approach  Ukraine would borrow money from a syndicate of allies  including G7 members  and pledge as collateral its claim for reparations — or compensation — against Russia. This would give Kyiv access to a much larger amount of money than using future or current windfall profits from Russian assets.“Ukraine has a claim against Russia for reparations — legally  that is indubitable — and it would in effect be monetizing a portion of that claim by pledging it to secure this loan from the G7 ” Buchheit  the debt expert  said.If Russia failed to pay reparations  then the G7 would be in a position to draw on the pool of frozen assets to recover the value of its loan to Ukraine  he added.This mechanism also ensures that Russia foots part of the colossal bill for rebuilding Ukraine  which the World Bank has put at $486 billion over the next decade.“Short of a regime change in Russia  Putin is never going to pay reparations ” said Buccheit. “This $300 billion is probably the only contribution Russia will ever make for paying reparations for what it has done to Ukraine.”,neutral,0.1,0.68,0.22,negative,0.03,0.31,0.66,True,English,"['The West', 'Russian money', 'Ukraine', 'Italian Economy Minister Giancarlo Giorgetti', 'US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'veteran sovereign debt expert', 'northern Kharkiv region', 'broadcaster Sky News', 'President Joe Biden', 'Edinburgh Law School', 'Belgium-based financial institution', 'foreign currency reserves', 'legal technical issues', 'bigger lump sum', 'current windfall profits', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'Russian financial assets', 'G7 finance ministers', 'future windfall profits', 'The G7 meeting', 'war-torn economy', 'US dollar', 'Finance officials', 'main issues', 'important currency', 'G7 ministers', 'bigger check', 'Russian assets', 'G7 economies', 'new ways', 'Western countries', 'full-scale invasion', 'press conference', 'strong positioning', 'political stance', 'G7 countries', 'surprise assault', 'Western leaders', 'increasing pressure', 'military aid', 'armed forces', 'broadest backing', 'European Union', 'significant resources', 'Gabriel Bouys', 'AFP/Getty Images', 'other leaders', 'other countries', 'halfway house', 'full seizure', 'Lee Buccheit', 'honorary professor', 'coupon payments', 'Western sanctions', 'first payment', 'military equipment', 'European Commissioner', 'Valdis Dombrovskis', 'drip feed', 'G7 members', 'larger amount', 'The EU', 'immobilized assets', 'maturing assets', 'frozen assets', 'substantial needs', 'pressing needs', 'Russian money', 'London CNN', 'third option', 'EU officials', 'collateralized loan', 'Kyiv access', 'interest proceeds', 'EU agreement', 'reparations loan', 'Ukraine', 'boost', 'advance', 'Moscow', 'troops', 'trickle', 'cash', 'flood', 'Stresa', 'Italy', 'Progress', 'terms', 'attacks', 'value', 'jurisdictions', 'benefit', 'speech', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'proposal', 'plan', 'flow', 'interview', 'May', 'summit', 'move', 'bloc', 'world', 'University', 'two-thirds', 'Euroclear', 'banks', 'exchanges', 'investors', 'months', 'discussions', 'bonds', 'July', 'arms', 'split', 'funds', 'January', 'spending', 'support', 'Trade', 'statement', 'funding', 'Reuters', 'figure', 'stash', 'approach', 'syndicate', 'allies', 'claim', 'compensation', 'effect', 'portion', 'Buchheit', 'pool', 'mechanism']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,cnn.com
41559,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.naturalnews.com/2024-05-24-china-treasuries-favor-gold-other-commodities.html,DOLLAR DEMISE: China selling U.S. Treasury bonds in record numbers in favor of gold  other commodities – NaturalNews.com,China sold a record number of U.S. Treasury bonds in the first quarter of this year  marking a significant shift away from dollar assets in favor of other commodities. Beijing divested a total of $53.3 billion in Treasuries and agency bonds during the first t…,"DOLLAR DEMISE: China selling U.S. Treasury bonds in record numbers in favor of gold  other commoditiesChina sold a record number of U.S. Treasury bonds in the first quarter of this year  marking a significant shift away from dollar assets in favor of other commodities.Beijing divested a total of $53.3 billion in Treasuries and agency bonds during the first three months of the year  while simultaneously increasing its purchases of gold and other commodities.Analysts suggest this reduction in foreign exchange reserves is part of China's broader strategy to diversify its holdings from being dominated by U.S. dollar-denominated assets amid rising geopolitical tensions with the United States.These analysts point to the economic impact of Western sanctions on Russia following the Ukraine conflict  suggesting that China aims to mitigate similar risks. (Related: China waging “fire sale” of U.S. treasuries  dumping $53 billion in just the first quarter of 2024.)""The handling of Russian reserves by the U.S. and other G7 countries  including threats of expropriations and sanctions  likely prompted China to reduce its exposure to U.S. Treasury assets to avoid being similarly targeted "" said Craig Shapiro  a macroeconomic adviser at LaDuc Trading  referring to the seizure of Russian assets. Since the start of the Ukraine conflict  the West has frozen approximately $300 billion in Russian sovereign funds.The Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear  often viewed as a custodian of China's holdings  disposed of $22 billion in U.S. Treasuries during the reporting period  Bloomberg reported.As the second-largest foreign holder of U.S. Treasury securities after Japan  China's sell-off could potentially destabilize the Treasury market and raise U.S. borrowing costs  some economists argue.We are building the infrastructure of human freedom and empowering people to be informed  healthy and aware. Explore our decentralized  peer-to-peer  uncensorable Brighteon.io free speech platform here. Learn about our free  downloadable generative AI tools at Brighteon.AI. Every purchase at HealthRangerStore.com helps fund our efforts to build and share more tools for empowering humanity with knowledge and abundance.""As China is selling despite us being closer to a Fed rate-cut cycle  there is a clear intention to diversify away from U.S. dollar holdings "" said Stephen Chiu  chief Asia foreign exchange and rates strategist at Bloomberg Intelligence. He noted that China's selling of U.S. securities could accelerate if the U.S.-China trade war resumes  especially if Trump returns as president.While China is selling dollar assets  its gold holdings have surged in the country's official reserves. The share of gold in reserves climbed to 4.9 percent in April  the highest since records began in 2015  according to the People's Bank of China.Chinese foreign exchange reserves in dollars decreasingChina  the world's largest holder of foreign exchange reserves  had a total of $3.2 trillion in reserves as of April. While the currency breakdown is not publicly disclosed  experts estimate that no more than 60 percent of these reserves are in dollars.Although China holds the largest foreign exchange reserves globally  Japan is the largest foreign holder of U.S. Treasuries  with almost $1.1 trillion.Data shows that Japan's holdings of U.S. Treasuries increased by $51.4 billion in the first quarter. This shift in holdings does not necessarily indicate outright buying or selling; China's reduction might result from choosing not to reinvest in maturing bonds.However  the comparison between Japan and China is significant given their positions on the global geopolitical spectrum.While the dollar remains the dominant foreign exchange reserve currency  rising geopolitical tensions and the evolution of globalization into polarized trading blocs could erode its preeminence. This trend may already be underway.At the end of March  total global foreign exchange reserves stood at $12.33 trillion  with $11.45 trillion's currency composition reported confidentially to the International Monetary Fund (IMF).The dollar's share was 58.41 percent  the lowest on record. Many countries' desire to distance themselves politically from the U.S. is emerging as a key driver behind this shift.In a recent speech  IMF First Deputy Managing Director Gita Gopinath highlighted the significant increase in gold purchases by central banks over the past two years  noting it as the ""most notable development"" in global foreign exchange reserves during that period.Gopinath pointed out that  despite its limited use in transactions  gold is generally viewed as a ""politically neutral safe asset"" that can be stored domestically and protected from sanctions or seizure.Visit DollarDemise.com for more stories like this.Watch this video from financial commentator John Willians discussing how China rapidly sped up the sell-off of U.S. Treasuries after the White House implemented new tariffs.This video is from the ThisIsJohnWilliams channel on Brighteon.com.More related stories:China STOCKPILING gold as Chinese investors and consumers remain cautious of real estate and stocks.The FALL of the WEST and why the world's economic future belongs to China  Russia  India and Iran.Biden waging trade war with China that U.S. CAN'T win.Chinese renminbi replacing the U.S. dollar as most traded currency in Russia's foreign exchange market.Sources include:RT.comReuters.comBrighteon.com",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['U.S. Treasury bonds', 'DOLLAR DEMISE', 'record numbers', 'other commodities', 'China', 'favor', 'gold', 'NaturalNews', 'IMF First Deputy Managing Director Gita Gopinath', 'uncensorable Brighteon.io free speech platform', 'free, downloadable generative AI tools', 'U.S.-China trade war', 'dominant foreign exchange reserve currency', 'total global foreign exchange reserves', 'The Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear', 'chief Asia foreign exchange', 'U.S. borrowing costs', 'Chinese foreign exchange reserves', 'U.S. Treasury securities', 'U.S. dollar-denominated assets', 'largest foreign exchange reserves', 'U.S. Treasury bonds', 'U.S. Treasury assets', 'U.S. dollar holdings', 'U.S. securities', 'global geopolitical spectrum', 'U.S. treasuries', 'largest foreign holder', 'first three months', 'rising geopolitical tensions', 'Fed rate-cut cycle', 'International Monetary Fund', ""Many countries' desire"", 'past two years', 'most notable development', 'neutral safe asset', 'polarized trading blocs', 'Russian sovereign funds', 'other G7 countries', 'Brighteon.AI', 'recent speech', 'largest holder', 'Treasury market', 'first quarter', 'Russian assets', 'Russian reserves', 'agency bonds', 'currency breakdown', 'maturing bonds', 'currency composition', 'dollar assets', 'official reserves', 'LaDuc Trading', 'other commodities', 'DOLLAR DEMISE', 'broader strategy', 'United States', 'economic impact', 'Ukraine conflict', 'similar risks', 'fire sale', 'Craig Shapiro', 'macroeconomic adviser', 'human freedom', 'HealthRangerStore.com', 'clear intention', 'Stephen Chiu', 'rates strategist', 'outright buying', 'key driver', 'significant increase', 'central banks', 'limited use', 'DollarDemise.com', 'financial commentator', 'John Willians', 'White House', 'new tariffs', 'ThisIsJohnWilliams channel', 'record numbers', 'reporting period', 'Bloomberg Intelligence', 'related stories', 'significant shift', 'Western sanctions', 'gold holdings', 'gold purchases', 'favor', 'Beijing', 'Analysts', 'reduction', 'part', 'handling', 'threats', 'expropriations', 'exposure', 'seizure', 'start', 'custodian', 'second', 'Japan', 'sell-off', 'economists', 'infrastructure', 'people', 'efforts', 'humanity', 'knowledge', 'abundance', 'selling', 'Trump', 'president', 'country', 'share', '4.9 percent', 'April', 'records', 'dollars', 'world', 'experts', '60 percent', 'Data', 'comparison', 'positions', 'evolution', 'globalization', 'preeminence', 'trend', 'March', '58.41 percent', 'transactions', 'video']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,naturalnews.com
41560,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2888050/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2024-05-31BondsSWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1059. SE0007125927. 2026-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1056  SE0004517290  2032-06-01 Bid...,Bid procedure  2024-05-31 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1059. SE0007125927. 2026-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1056  SE0004517290  2032-06-01Bid date 2024-05-31 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1059: 1000 million SEK +/-1000 million SEK1056: 900 million SEK +/-900 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1059: 1000 million SEK per bid1056: 900 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2024-06-04 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2024-05-24This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '1000 million SEK', '900 million SEK', 'allocation time', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', '31 Bonds', 'Riksbank', 'SWIFT', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41561,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FUTURA-MEDICAL-PLC-4004178/news/Futura-Medical-Notice-of-AGM-2024-46813185/,Futura Medical : Notice of AGM 2024,(marketscreener.com)   FUTURA MEDICAL PLC   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024   TO BE HELD AT THE OFFICES OF:   LIBERUM CAPITAL   ROPEMAKER PLACE   25 ROPEMAKER STREET   LONDON  EC2Y 9LY   THURSDAY 20th JUNE...https://www.marketscre…,"FUTURA MEDICAL PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024 TO BE HELD AT THE OFFICES OF: LIBERUM CAPITAL ROPEMAKER PLACE 25 ROPEMAKER STREET LONDON  EC2Y 9LY THURSDAY 20th JUNE 2024  10 A.M. THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your Ordinary Shares in Futura Medical plc  please send this document to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. You will not receive a form of proxy for the Annual General Meeting in the post. Instead  you will receive instructions to enable you to vote electronically and how to register to do so. You may request a hard copy form of proxy directly from the registrar  via email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or on 0371 664 0391 if calling from the United Kingdom  or +44(0)371 664 0391 if calling from outside the United Kingdom. Calls are charged at the standard geographical rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 09:00 - 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. This document should be read in conjunction with the Futura Medical plc annual report and accounts. If you wish to attend the meeting in person  please register your interest at investor.relations@futuramedical.com. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or independent advisor  who  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is authorised pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Shareholders are asked to cast their vote as follows: (1) casting your proxy vote online via the Link Investor Centre app or by accessing the web browser at https://investorcentre.linkgroup.co.uk/Login/Login and following the instructions; or (2) in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service; or (3) if you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform; or (4) requesting a hard copy form of proxy directly from the registrars  Link Group. For further information  please refer to the notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting. If you choose to attend the Annual General Meeting in person instead of appointing the Chairman of the meeting as proxy  you will still be able to vote in person at the Annual General Meeting. Any form of proxy for use in connection with the Annual General Meeting should be completed by shareholders and returned as soon as possible but  in any event  so as to be received by the Registrars  Link Group at PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL no later than 10:00 a.m. on 18 June 2024 (or  in the case of an adjournment of the Annual General Meeting  not later than 48 hours (excluding any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time fixed for the holding of the adjourned meeting). Alternatively  shareholders who hold their shares in uncertificated form may use the CREST electronic proxy appointment service. In order for a proxy appointment made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message must be properly authenticated and contain the information required for such instructions as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's Registrars  Link Group (ID RA10)  by no later than 10:00 a.m. on 18 June 2024. 1 FUTURA MEDICAL PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 2024 Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Futura Medical plc (the ""Company"") will be held at the offices of Liberum Capital  Ropemaker Place  25 Ropemaker Street  London EC2Y 9LY on Thursday 20th June at 10.00 am (the ""Meeting"")  for the purpose of considering and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions: Resolutions 1 to 6 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions and Resolutions 7 and 8 will be proposed as special resolutions. To receive and adopt the annual report of the directors and the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and the report of the appointed auditors thereon. (Resolution 1) That Roy Davis be and is hereby appointed as a Director of the Company. (Resolution 2) To re-elect Angela Hildreth as a Director of the Company  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Company's articles of association. (Resolution 3) To re-appoint Grant Thornton UK LLP as auditor of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. (Resolution 4) To authorise the Directors to determine the remuneration of Grant Thornton UK LLP as auditor of the Company. (Resolution 5) That the Directors are generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 551 Companies Act 2006 (the ""CA 2006"") to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company: up to an aggregate nominal amount of £200 946; and comprising equity securities (as defined in section 560(1) CA 2006) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £401 892 (such amount to be reduced by any allotments or grants made under paragraph (A) above) in connection with an offer to: ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and holders of other equity securities if this is required by the rights of those securities or  subject to such rights  as the directors otherwise consider necessary  to subscribe further securities by means of the issue of a renounceable letter (or other negotiable document) which may be traded (as 'nil paid rights') for a period before payment for the securities is due (a ""rights issue"")  save that the directors may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which they consider necessary or expedient to deal with any fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or laws of  any territory or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange or any other matter)  provided that: (unless previously revoked  varied or renewed by the Company) this authority will expire at the end of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or  if earlier  15 months from the date of the passing of this resolution  save that the Directors may  before this authority expires  make offers or agreements which would or might require shares in the Company to be allotted  or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares to be granted  after its expiry and the Directors may allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares pursuant to such offers or agreements as if this authority had not expired; and this authority replaces all subsisting authorities previously granted to the Directors for the purposes of section 551 which  to the extent unused at the date of this resolution  are revoked with immediate effect  without prejudice to any allotment of shares or grant of rights already made  offered or agreed to be made under such authorities. (Resolution 6) SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS 7. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 6 set out above  the Directors be authorised to allot equity securities (as defined in the CA 2006) for cash under the authority given by that resolution and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the CA 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such authority to be limited: the allotment of equity securities for cash in connection with an offer of equity securities (but  in the case of an allotment of equity securities pursuant to the authority granted by paragraph (B) of Resolution 6  only by way of a rights issue (as defined in that resolution)) to: 2 FUTURA MEDICAL PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and holders of other equity securities  if required by the rights of those securities or  subject to such rights  as the Directors otherwise consider necessary  subject  in both cases  to the power of the Directors to impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which they consider necessary or appropriate to deal with any fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or laws of  any territory or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange or any other matter  and; to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under paragraph (A) above) up to a nominal amount of £60 290; and to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under paragraph (A) or paragraph (B) above) up to a nominal amount equal to 20% of any allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares from time to time under paragraph (B) above  such authority to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer which the Directors of the Company determine to be of a kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice  such authority to expire at the end of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company (or  if earlier  at the close of business on the date which is fifteen months after the date of the passing of this resolution) but  in each case  prior to its expiry the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the authority expires and the Directors may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired. (Resolution 7) 8. To resolve that  subject to the passing of Resolution 7 set out above  the Directors be authorised in addition to any authority granted under Resolution 7 to allot equity securities (as defined in the CA 2006) for cash under the authority given by that resolution and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the CA 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such authority to be: limited to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount of £60 290 such authority to be used only for the purposes of financing (or refinancing  if the authority is to be used within 12 months after the original transaction) a transaction which the Directors of the Company determine to be either an acquisition or a specified capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice; and limited to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under paragraph (A) above) up to a nominal amount equal to 20% of any allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares from time to time under paragraph (A) above  such authority to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer which the Directors of the Company determine to be of a kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice  such authority to expire at the end of the next AGM of the Company (or  if earlier  at the close of business on the date which is fifteen months after the date of the passing of this resolution but  in each case  prior to its expiry the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the authority expires and the Directors may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired. (Resolution 8) By order of the Board Angela Hildreth Company Secretary Surrey Technology Centre  40 Occam Road  Guildford  Surrey  GU2 7YG Registered in England and Wales: No. 04206001 24 May 2024 3 FUTURA MEDICAL PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTES: The following notes explain your general rights as a shareholder and your right to attend and vote at this Meeting or to appoint someone else to vote on your behalf. To be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting (and for the purpose of the determination by the Company of the number of votes they may cast)  shareholders must be registered in the Register of Members of the Company at close of trading on 18 June 2024. Changes to the Register of Members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the Meeting. Shareholders are entitled to appoint another person as a proxy to exercise all or part of their rights to attend and to speak and vote on their behalf at the Meeting. A shareholder may appoint more than one proxy in relation to the Meeting provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different Ordinary Share or Ordinary Shares held by that shareholder. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company's Register of Members in respect of the joint holding (the first named being the most senior). A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. If no voting indication is given  your proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his or her discretion. Your proxy will vote (or abstain from voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the Meeting. All resolutions at the Meeting will be decided by poll. The Directors believe a poll is more representative of Shareholders' voting intentions because shareholders' votes are counted according to the number of shares held and all votes tendered are taken into account. Shareholders are asked to cast their vote as follows: via the Link Investor Centre app or by accessing the web browser at https://investorcentre . linkgroup.co.uk/Login/Login and following the instructions (see below); if you need help with voting online please contact our registrar  Link Group  on 0371 664 0391 if calling from the UK  or +44 (0)371 664 0391 if calling from outside of the UK  or email Link at shareholderenquiries@ linkgroup.co.uk. in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out below. In order for a proxy appointment to be valid a form of proxy must be completed. by requesting a hard copy form of proxy directly from the registrars  Link Group  via email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or on Tel: 0371 664 0391. Calls are charged at the standard geographical rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 09:00 - 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. If you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. in any case in order to be valid the form of proxy must be received by Link Group at PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL by 10.00am on 18 June 2024. If you return more than one proxy appointment  either by paper or electronic communication  the appointment received last by the registrar before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence. You are advised to read the terms and conditions of use carefully. Electronic communication facilities are open to all shareholders and those who use them will not be disadvantaged. 4 FUTURA MEDICAL PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024Link Investor Centre is a free app for smartphone and tablet provided by Link Group (the company's registrar). It allows you to securely manage and monitor your shareholdings in real time  take part in online voting  keep your details up to date  access a range of information including payment history and much more. The app is available to download on both the Apple App Store and Google Play  or by scanning the relevant QR code below. Alternatively  you may access the Link Investor Centre via a web browser at: https://investorcentre.linkgroup.co.uk/Login/Login . CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Meeting (and any adjournment of the Meeting) by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available from www.euroclear.com). CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID RA10) by 10.00am on 18 June 2024. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to mean the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST application host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time  any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that Euroclear UK & International Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular message. Normal system timings and limitations will  therefore  apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member  or sponsored member  or has appointed (a) voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting system providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. If you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 10.00am on 18 June 2024 in order to be considered valid or  if the meeting is adjourned  by the time which is 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. An electronic proxy appointment via the Proxymity platform may be revoked completely by sending an authenticated message via the platform instructing the removal of your proxy vote.Unless otherwise indicated on the Form of Proxy  CREST  Proxymity or any other electronic voting instruction  the proxy will vote as they think fit or  at their discretion withhold from voting. Any corporation which is a shareholder can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a shareholder provided that no more than one corporate representative exercises powers in relation to the same shares. 5 FUTURA MEDICAL PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024As at 21 May 2024 (being the latest practicable business day prior to the publication of this Notice)  the Company's ordinary issued and conditionally issued share capital consists of 301 449 451 Ordinary Shares  carrying one vote each. On this basis  the total voting rights in the Company as at 21 May 2024 are 301 449 451. Under Section 527 of the CA 2006  shareholders meeting the threshold requirements set out in that section have the right to require the Company to publish on a website a statement setting out any matter relating to: (i) the audit of the Company's financial statements (including the auditor's report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the Meeting; or (ii) any circumstances connected with an auditor of the Company ceasing to hold office since the previous meeting at which annual financial statements and reports were laid in accordance with Section 437 of the CA 2006 (in each case) that the shareholders propose to raise at the relevant meeting. The Company may not require the shareholders requesting any such website publication to pay its expenses in complying with Sections 527 or 528 of the CA 2006. Where the Company is required to place a statement on a website under Section 527 of the CA 2006  it must forward the statement to the Company's auditor not later than the time when it makes the statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the Meeting for the relevant financial year includes any statement that the Company has been required under Section 527 of the CA 2006 to publish on a website. Any shareholder attending the Meeting has the right to ask questions. The Company must cause to be answered any such question relating to the business being dealt with at the Meeting but no such answer need be given if: (a) to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the Meeting or involve the disclosure of confidential information; (b) the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question; or (c) it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the Meeting that the question be answered. Shareholders who wish to listen to the business of the meeting by an audio dial-in facility will not be able to ask questions. You may not use any electronic address (within the meaning of Section 333(4) of the CA 2006) provided in either this Notice or any related documents (including the form of proxy) to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. A copy of this Notice  and other information required by Section 311A of the CA 2006  can be found on the Company's website at www.futuramedical.com. 6 FUTURA MEDICAL PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024INFORMATION ON RESOLUTIONS Note: any references in the Resolutions below to the Company's issued share capital or any percentage thereof are to such amounts calculated as at 21 May 2024 on the basis set out in Note 14 to the Notice of Annual General Meeting above. RESOLUTION 1: TO RECEIVE AND ADOPT THE ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 The Company is required to present the Directors' report  audited financial statements and the independent auditor's report at a general meeting. RESOLUTION 2 AND 3: RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Articles of Association of the Company require any Director appointed since the last Annual General Meeting to stand for election at the next Annual General Meeting. In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company Angela Hildreth will retire by rotation and stand for re-election. Angela Hildreth was appointed to the Board in February 2017. Biographical details of Angela Hildreth are shown on page 39 of the annual report and accounts and on the Company's website. RESOLUTION 4 AND 5 : RE-APPOINTMENT OF THE AUDITOR AND APPROVAL OF ITS REMUNERATION At every general meeting at which accounts are presented to shareholders  the Company is required to appoint an auditor to serve from the end of the meeting until the next such meeting. The Board is proposing the appointment of Grant Thornton UK LLP (""GTUK"") as the Company's auditor. The Company's Audit Committee has reviewed GTUK's effectiveness and recommends its appointment. Resolution 4 proposes the appointment of GTUK as the Company's auditor to hold office until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company. Resolution 5 authorises the Directors to determine its remuneration. The Directors have delegated the responsibility of fixing the auditor's remuneration to the Audit Committee of the Board. RESOLUTION 6: AUTHORITY TO ALLOT SECURITIES Under the CA 2006  the directors of a company may only allot new shares (or grant rights over shares) if authorised to do so by the shareholders in a general meeting (other than in connection with an employee share scheme). The authority which is sought in respect of this is dealt with in Resolution 6. Paragraph (A) of Resolution 6 would allow the directors to allot new shares and grant rights to subscribe for or convert any securities into shares up to an aggregate nominal value of £200 946. This represents 100 473 102 ordinary shares  which is equivalent to approximately one third of the Company's total issued ordinary share capital as at 21 May 2024  the latest practicable date prior to publication of this Notice. Paragraph (B) of Resolution 6 proposes that the directors be authorised to allot shares in connection with a rights issue in favour of holders of equity securities  including ordinary shareholders. The allotments would be made in accordance with the rights of those securities (or as the directors may otherwise consider necessary) up to a further aggregate nominal amount of £401 892 representing 200 946 204 ordinary shares  which is equivalent to approximately two-thirds of the Company's total issued ordinary share capital as at 21 May 2024  the latest practicable date prior to publication of this Notice. As at the date of this Notice  no shares are held by the Company in treasury. The Directors have no present intention to exercise the authority sought under Resolution 6. The authority sought under Resolution 6 will  if granted  lapse at the end of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or  if earlier  15 months from the date on which Resolution 6 is passed. 7 FUTURA MEDICAL PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.49,0.5,True,English,"['Futura Medical', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'CREST electronic proxy appointment service', 'Futura Medical plc annual report', 'Grant Thornton UK LLP', 'FUTURA MEDICAL PLC NOTICE', 'Link Investor Centre app', 'next annual general meeting', 'LIBERUM CAPITAL ROPEMAKER PLACE', 'standard geographical rate', 'applicable international rate', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'section 551 Companies Act', 'appropriate CREST message', 'THURSDAY 20th JUNE', 'hard copy form', '25 ROPEMAKER STREET LONDON', 'personal financial advice', 'CREST service', 'CREST members', 'CREST Manual', 'Markets Act', 'Link Group', 'institutional investor', '29 Wellington Street', 'Financial Services', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'other agent', 'United Kingdom', 'public holidays', 'independent advisor', 'web browser', 'Proxymity platform', 'Central Square', 'uncertificated form', 'ID RA', 'London EC2Y', 'Roy Davis', 'Angela Hildreth', 'following resolutions', 'ordinary resolutions', 'special resolutions', 'Ordinary Shares', 'bank manager', 'proxy vote', 'investorcentre.linkgroup', 'working day', '18 June', 'OFFICES', '10 A', 'DOCUMENT', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'stockbroker', 'sale', 'delivery', 'post', 'instructions', 'registrar', 'email', 'shareholderenquiries', 'Calls', 'provider', 'Lines', 'Friday', 'England', 'Wales', 'conjunction', 'accounts', 'interest', 'relations', 'futuramedical', 'doubt', 'action', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'Shareholders', 'Login', 'case', 'information', 'notes', 'Chairman', 'use', 'connection', 'event', 'PXS', 'Leeds', 'LS1', '10:00 a', 'adjournment', '48 hours', 'part', 'time', 'holding', 'order', 'Company', 'AGM', 'purpose', 'directors', 'auditors', 'rotation', 'accordance', 'articles', 'association', 'conclusion', 'remuneration', 'powers', '0371', '10.00']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41562,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACHILLES-THERAPEUTICS-PLC-120866204/news/Achilles-Therapeutics-THIS-DOCUMENT-IS-IMPORTANT-AND-REQUIRES-YOUR-IMMEDIATE-ATTENTION-Form-6-K-46817741/,Achilles Therapeutics : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt as to the action to be taken  please seek your own financial advice from your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriately aut…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to the action to be taken  please seek your own financial advice from your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. If you have recently sold or transferred all of your shares in the Company  you should hand this document and all accompanying documents  as soon as possible  to the purchaser or transferee of those shares  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee.24 May 2024 Dear Shareholder  2024 Annual General Meeting of Achilles Therapeutics plc (the ""AGM"" or ""Meeting"") We are pleased to provide details of the AGM of Achilles Therapeutics plc (the ""Company"") to be held as a physical meeting at 14:00UK time (09:00 Eastern Time) on Tuesday 25 June 2024 at 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  United Kingdom. The formal notice of AGM set out in this document (the ""Notice of AGM"") at pages 9 to 12 contains the shareholder resolutions to be proposed and voted on at the AGM. Shareholder engagement We appreciate that the AGM is your opportunity to receive an update on the Company and ask questions of the board of directors (the ""Board""). To support engagement with our shareholders  it is our intention to live stream the Meeting by audio webcast and to enable questions relating to the AGM resolutions to be submitted in advance of the Meeting. The webcasting arrangements will allow shareholders to hear from the Company and follow the business of the AGM on their computer  tablet or smart phone from their location of choice  although this will not constitute formal attendance at the Meeting. If you wish to listen to the webcast of the AGM  please email your name (and name of the shareholder or ADS holder you represent  if applicable)  address and email ID to shares@achillestx.com with '2024 AGM Webcast' in the title line by no later than 17:00 UK time (12:00 Eastern Time) on 18 June 2024. Further details on how to access the webcast are set out on page 11 of this Notice of AGM. The proposed running order of the Meeting is set out below (all times UK time): 14:00 - 14:10 Welcome and open Meeting 14:10 - 14:40 Presentation by the Chairman of the Board 14:40 - 15:00 Q&A 15:00 Close of Meeting Shareholder questions Shareholders are invited to submit their questions in advance by sending an email to shares@achillestx.com with 'AGM question' in the title line by 17:00 UK time (12:00 Eastern Time) on 18 June 2024. We would like to respond to as many shareholders' questions as possible and therefore we will answer questions during the Meeting in a way that aims to best recognise the interests of all shareholders. To assist with this  we ask that you help us to facilitate access from as many shareholders as possible by limiting the number of questions and keeping your questions succinct  focused on and relevant to the business of the Meeting. In the interests of transparency for all shareholders  responses to questions not able to be addressed during the Meeting will be available on our website as soon as practicable following the AGM. Voting - Ordinary Shares We are holding our AGM as a physical meeting and are therefore unable to offer shareholders online voting facilities during the AGM. It is important that shareholders do still cast their votes in respect of the business of the AGM. We strongly encourage all shareholders to complete and return a proxy form appointing the Chairman of the Meeting  as proxy. Further information on how to appoint a proxy is detailed on pages 10 and 11 of this Notice of AGM. In order to allow the voting preferences of all shareholders to be taken into account  a poll will be conducted on all resolutions proposed in this Notice of AGM. The results of the voting will be posted on the Company's website as soon as practicable after the Meeting. 2Action to be taken Ordinary Shareholders If you are a holder of ordinary shares in the Company  please vote on the resolutions by appointing a proxy in accordance with the instructions set out at pages 10 and 11 of this Notice of AGM. A form of proxy for use by ordinary shareholders at the AGM is enclosed. You are strongly encouraged to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as your proxy. You are advised to complete and return the form of proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it so as to arrive at the Company's registered office (245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW) marked for the attention of the Company Secretary as soon as possible  but in any event no later than 14:00 (UK time) (09:00 Eastern Time) on 21 June 2024. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or give an instruction through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST manual. If at any point you require guidance  please contact Daniel Hood  Company Secretary  by telephone at +44 (0) 204 534 1996 or shares@achillestx.com. ADS Holders If you are a holder of American Depositary Shares in the Company (""ADS"")  please vote on the resolutions in accordance with the instructions set out at page 10 of this Notice of AGM. A form of proxy for use by ADS holders will be sent to the brokerage firm  bank or nominee through which you hold your ADS. Recommendation You will find on pages 4 to 6 of this document an explanatory note in relation to each of the various resolutions which are set out in the Notice of AGM. Your Board consider that the proposed resolutions in the Notice of AGM are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and are most likely to promote the success of the Company. Accordingly  your Board unanimously recommend that shareholders vote in favour of the resolutions. Thank you for your ongoing support of Achilles Therapeutics. Edwin Moses Chairman 3EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE BUSINESS OF THE AGM Resolutions 1 to 10 are proposed as ordinary resolutions. This means that for each of those resolutions to be passed  more than half of the votes cast must be in favour of each resolution. ORDINARY BUSINESS Resolutions 1 to 6: Re-election of directors In accordance with the Articles of Association  at each AGM  every one of the Company's directors shall retire from office. A retiring director may offer themselves for re-appointment by the shareholders and a director that is re-appointed to office will be treated as continuing in office without a break. In accordance with this requirement  the following directors retire and offer themselves for re-election as directors: Resolution 1 Edwin Moses Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board As a CEO for a total of almost 20 years  Edwin built two businesses (Oxford Asymmetry International plc and Ablynx nv)  led their successful IPOs on the LSE  EuroNext and NASDAQ  and raised over €500M in equity and debt financing. He ran the sales process for each company generating values of £316M and €3.9Bn respectively. At Ablynx  Edwin ensured that the novel Nanobody technology platform was used to build a broad product pipeline  including Cablivi™  which is approved for use in both Europe and the USA. In addition  he helped secure pharmaceutical collaborations with a potential value of >€10Bn. Edwin has expertise in high value service provision to the pharmaceutical industry and in drug discovery and development  with more than 25 years of Board level experience in >20 companies. He is currently Chairman of Achilles Therapeutics plc  Avantium NV and LabGenius Ltd. Resolution 2 Iraj Ali Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company Iraj Ali has been Chief Executive Officer of Achilles Therapeutics since 2018. Previously he served as a Managing Partner of Syncona Ltd. During his tenure at Syncona he served as an investment partner and Board member of Nightstar Therapeutics and Blue Earth Diagnostics. Prior to that he was an Associate-Principal at McKinsey & Company where he was involved in several major pharmaceutical launches across developed and emerging markets. He has also held roles in scientific research: EMBO Research Scholar (UCSC)  Drug Discovery Scientist (RiboTargets  Cambridge). Iraj has a PhD in Biochemistry from Cambridge University. Resolution 3 Carsten Boess Non-Executive Director Carsten Boess brings almost 30 years of experience in senior roles in pharmaceutical and biotech organisations. He currently serves on the Boards of Directors at Rocket Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Avidity Biosciences  Inc.  and is Chair of the Audit Committee of both companies. Previously he served as Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs at Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals  where he also held the role of Chief Business Officer. Prior to that he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Synageva Biopharma Corporation until its acquisition by Alexion Pharmaceuticals in 2015. Carsten also served in a number of roles at Insulet Corporation  including as Chief Financial Officer and Vice 4President of International Operations. He was also Executive Vice President of Finance for Serono Inc.  and prior to that he served as Chief Financial Officer at Alexion Pharmaceuticals  and was a finance executive at Novozymes of North America and Novo Nordisk in France  Switzerland and China. During his tenure at Novo Nordisk he served on Novo Nordisk's Global Finance Board. Resolution 4 Bernhard Ehmer Non-Executive Director Bernhard Ehmer is a veteran biotechnology and pharmaceutical executive with more than three decades in senior leadership roles. He most recently served as CEO of Biotest AG in Germany and also served as chairman of the board of directors at Symphogen A/S  Denmark until its acquisition by Servier SA in June 2020. Prior to this  he worked for ImClone Systems  a wholly owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly  as President of ImClone Systems Inc. in the United States and as managing director in Germany. Before this he was CEO of Fresenius Biotech  where he was instrumental in the EU approval of Removab®  a treatment for malignant ascites. Since May 2022  he has been Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Biotest AG. Resolution 5 Michael Giordano Non-Executive Director Michael Giordano brings more than 15 years of experience leading pharmaceutical research and development organisations. He served as Head of Development for Oncology and Immuno-Oncology at Bristol-Myers Squibb where he was responsible for the development strategy of the enterprise for this therapeutic area  as well as direction for eight teams working on innovative medicines to improve the standard of care for patients  including Opdivo®  Yervoy®  Empliciti™  and Sprycel®. Prior to this role  Michael held positions within the research and development organisation  leading the development of more than a dozen non-oncology molecules in the United States  the European Union and Asia. Michael served as the Chief Medical Officer / Senior Advisor at Epizyme Therapeutics helping bring one of the first epigenetic medicines  Tazemetostat  through late stage development and regulatory approval. Michael also serves on the boards of RAPT Therapeutics  Epizyme Therapeutics  and Oncovalent Therapeutics. Resolution 6 Julie O'Neill Non-Executive Director Julie O'Neill is a business professional with more than two decades of executive experience in senior leadership roles. She was previously Executive Vice President  Global Operations at Alexion Pharmaceuticals. where she led the Global Operations business including product development  manufacturing  quality  supply chain and global real estate functions. Prior to joining Alexion  she was Vice President of Operations at Gilead Sciences. Ms. O'Neill serves as an Independent Director on the boards of ICON  DBV Technologies Hookipa Pharma  ILC Dover and Advancion (formerly know as Angus Chemical Company). She is also on the Board of Ireland's National Institute for Bioprocessing Research & Training (NIBRT). The Board of Directors recommend a vote for the approval of Resolutions 1 to 6. 5Resolutions 7 and 8: Appointment of auditors and determination of auditors' remuneration At each general meeting at which the accounts are laid before shareholders  the Company is required to appoint auditors to serve until the next such general meeting. KPMG LLP has indicated its willingness to continue to act as the Company's auditors. Accordingly  Resolution 7 is an ordinary resolution to re-appoint KPMG LLP  an English registered limited liability partnership  as the Company's statutory auditor in the UK to serve until the next AGM of the Company. Resolution 8 is an ordinary resolution giving the Company's Audit Committee authority to determine the auditors' remuneration for the fiscal year ending 31 December 2024. The Board of Directors recommend a vote for the approval of Resolutions 7 and 8. Resolution 9: Receipt of the reports and accounts The Companies Act 2006 (the ""CA 2006"") requires the directors of a public company to lay  in respect of each financial year  copies of the directors' reports  the independent auditors' report and the audited financial statements of the Company before the Company's shareholders. Each report and the audited financial statements of the Company are contained in the 2023 Annual Report. In accordance with best practice  the Company proposes an ordinary resolution to receive the 2023 Annual Report. The 2023 Annual Report may be found in the ""Investors & Media"" section of the Company website at: https://ir.achillestx.com/AGM2024 The Board of Directors recommend a vote for the approval of Resolution 9. Resolution 10: UK statutory directors' annual report on remuneration The CA 2006 requires that the annual report on directors' remuneration  contained within the 2023 Annual Report  be subject to an annual advisory  non-binding vote so that shareholders may indicate  by voting on an ordinary resolution  their approval of the remuneration of the Company's directors in the relevant financial year  as well as how the Company's remuneration policy will be applied in the following financial year. The full text of the Company's remuneration report is set out at pages 13 to 33 of the 2023 Annual Report and sets out the Company's policy towards  and gives details of  Directors' remuneration and other relevant information. This vote is advisory and non-binding. Although non-binding  our Board  and the Remuneration Committee of the Board  will review and consider the voting results when making future decisions regarding our director remuneration program and the application of our Directors' Remuneration Policy. Following the upcoming AGM  and as required by the CA 2006  the directors' annual report on remuneration will be delivered to the UK Registrar of Companies. The Board of Directors recommend a vote for the approval  on a non-binding  advisory basis  of Resolution 10. 6SHAREHOLDER NOTES VOTING - ADS Holders You are entitled to exercise your vote as a holder of an interest in the capital of the Company represented by ADSs if you or your brokerage firm  bank or nominee is registered as a holder of ADSs at 17:00 Eastern Standard Time on 17 May 2024 (the ""Record Date"" for ADS holders). Beneficial Holders: If you hold ADSs through a brokerage firm  bank or nominee by the Record Date  the materials for ADS holders  including the ADS proxy card  will be sent to that organisation. The organisation holding your account is considered the ADS holder of record. Please reach out to that organisation to provide your voting instructions. Registered Holders: If your ADSs are registered under your name directly with The Bank of New York Mellon's Transfer Agent  Computershare  you will receive the ADS proxy card and materials directly to the address as maintained in your account with Computershare. Please note that ADS proxy cards submitted by ADS holders must be received by The Bank of New York Mellon  no later than 17:00 Eastern Standard Time on 19 June 2024. The Bank of New York Mellon will collate all votes properly submitted by ADS holders and submit a vote on behalf of all ADS holders. Contacts for ADS holders For beneficial holders  if you have queries about how you can deliver voting instructions  please contact your brokerage firm or bank who is holding the ADSs on your behalf under a nominee name. For registered holders whose ADSs are registered under their own name  please contact The Bank of New York Mellon - ADR Shareholder Services at tel: +1-888-269-2377 (toll free within the United States) or +1-201-680-6825 (for international callers) or by email: shrrelations@cpushareownerservices.com. 7OTHER INFORMATION A copy of this Notice of AGM  our 2023 Annual Report and other information required by section 311 of the CA 2006 can be found at www.achillestx.com  as well as form of proxy (all available in the Investors section of the website). Information rights Under the CA 2006  there are a number of rights that may be available to indirect investors of the Company  including the right to be nominated by the registered holder to receive general shareholder communications directly from the Company. The rights of indirect investors who have been nominated to receive communications from the Company in accordance with section 146 CA 2006 (""nominated persons"") do not include the right to appoint a proxy. However  nominated persons may have a right under an agreement with the registered shareholder who holds the shares on their behalf to be appointed (or to have someone else appointed) as a proxy. Alternatively  if nominated persons do not have such a right or do not wish to exercise it  they may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the person holding the shares as to the exercise of voting rights. If you have been so nominated to receive general shareholder communications directly from the Company  it is important to remember that your main contact in terms of your investment remains with the registered shareholder or custodian or broker  or whoever administers the investment on your behalf. You should also deal with them in relation to any rights that you may have under agreements with them to be appointed as a proxy and to attend  participate in  and vote at the meeting  as described above. Any changes or queries relating to your personal details and holding (including any administration thereof) must continue to be directed to your existing contact at your investment manager or custodian. The Company cannot guarantee dealing with matters that are directed to us in error. The only exception to this is where the Company is exercising one of its powers under the CA 2006 and writes to you directly for a response. Shareholder requisition rights Members satisfying the thresholds in section 338 CA 2006 can require the Company: a. to give  to members of the Company entitled to receive notice of the annual general meeting  notice of a resolution which may properly be moved  and which those members intend to move  at the meeting; and b. to include in the business to be dealt with at the meeting any matter (other than a proposed resolution) which may properly be included in the business at the meeting  provided in each case that the requirements of those sections are met and provided that the request is received by the Company not later than six clear weeks before the meeting or if later the time at which notice is given of the meeting. Total voting rights and share capital As at 17 May 2024 (the latest practicable date before the publication of this Notice of AGM)  the issued share capital of the Company was 41 087 901 ordinary shares and one deferred share. 8ACHILLES THERAPEUTICS PLC (the ""Company"") (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with registered number: 13027460) Notice of Annual General Meeting for 2024 Notice is hereby given that the 2024 Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of the Company will be held at 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  United Kingdom on Tuesday 25 June 2024 at 14:00 UK time (09:00 Eastern Time) to transact the following business: ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS To consider and  if thought fit  pass Resolutions 1 to 10 (inclusive) which will be proposed as ordinary resolutions: 1. To re-elect as a director  Edwin Moses  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 2. To re-elect as a director  Iraj Ali  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 3. To re-elect as a director  Carsten Boess  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 4. To re-elect as a director  Bernhard Ehmer  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 5. To re-elect as a director  Michael Giordano  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 6. To re-elect as a director  Julie O'Neill  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 7. To re-appoint KPMG LLP  an English registered limited liability partnership  as UK statutory auditors of the Company  to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of shareholders. 8. To authorise the Company's Audit Committee to determine our auditors' remuneration for the fiscal year ending 31 December 2024. 9. To receive the UK statutory annual accounts and reports for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023 and to note that the Directors do not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023. 10. To receive and approve  on a non-binding  advisory basis  our UK statutory directors' remuneration report for the year ended 31 December 2023  which is set forth at pages 13 to 33 of the 2023 Annual Report. By order of the Board Edwin Moses Chairman 24 May 2024 Registered Office: 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  United Kingdom 9Notice of Meeting-Further Notes 1. The Company  pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended)  specifies that only those members registered in the Company's Register of Members of the Company at 14:00 (UK time) on 21 June 2024 (or if the Meeting is adjourned  members entered on the Register of Members of the Company not later than 14:00 (UK time) on the date which is two working days before the date of the adjourned Meeting) shall be entitled to attend  speak and vote at the AGM in respect of the number of ordinary shares registered in their name at that time. Changes to entries on the Register of Members of the Company after this time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend  speak or vote at the Meeting. 2. A member entitled to attend  speak and vote at the Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of his/her rights to attend  speak and to vote instead of him/her. A proxy need not be a member of the Company but must attend the Meeting in person. If a member wishes his/her proxy to speak on his/her behalf at the Meeting he/she will need to appoint his/her own choice of proxy (not the Chairman) and give his/her instructions directly to them. Completion and return of a form of proxy will not preclude a member from attending  speaking and voting at the Meeting or any adjournment thereof in person. If a proxy is appointed and the member attends the Meeting in person  the proxy appointment will automatically be terminated. 3. A member may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. A member may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. To appoint more than one proxy  please sign and date the form of proxy and attach a schedule listing the names and addresses (in block letters) of all of your proxies  the number of shares in respect of which each proxy is appointed (which  in aggregate  should not exceed the number of shares held by you) and indicating how you wish each proxy to vote or abstain from voting. If you wish to appoint the Chairman as one of your multiple proxies  simply write ""the Chairman of the Meeting"". 4. A form of proxy is enclosed and details of how to appoint and direct a proxy to vote on each resolution are set out in the notes to the form of proxy. To be valid the form of proxy must be completed and signed  and lodged with the Company at 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  marked for the attention of the Company Secretary  no later than 14:00 (UK time) on 21 June 2024 and in the event of adjournment not less than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time fixed for the Meeting together with  if appropriate  the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed or a notarially certified or office copy of such power or authority. In the case of a member which is a Company  the proxy form must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the Company or an attorney for the Company. You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set out in these notes and the notes to the form of proxy. 5. In the case of joint holders  the signature of only one of the joint holders is required on the form of proxy. In the event that more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  the appointment submitted by the first named holder on the Register of Members of the Company will be accepted to the exclusion of the other joint holder. 6. Any corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a member provided that  if it is appointing more than one corporate representative  it does not do so in relation to the same shares. It is therefore no longer necessary to nominate a designated corporate representative. 7. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the AGM and any adjournment(s) of the Meeting by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. 10In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's agent (ID: BO011) no later than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the Meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) should note that Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his/her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 8. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution  and if no voting indication is given  a proxy may vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion. A proxy may vote (or abstain from voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the Meeting. 9. In order to revoke a proxy instruction a member will need to send a signed hard copy notice clearly stating your intention to revoke a proxy appointment to the Company at 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  marked for the attention of the Company Secretary  together with  if appropriate  the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed or a notarially certified or office copy of such power or authority. In the case of a member  which is a company  the notice must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the company or an attorney for the company. 10. If a shareholder or an ADS holder wishes to listen to the webcast of the AGM  please email your name (and name of the shareholder or ADS holder you represent  if applicable)  address and email ID to shares@achillestx.com with '2024 AGM Webcast' in the title line. The Company will email the access details directly to the shareholder or ADS holder to access the webcast. The email must be received by the Company by no later than 17:00 (UK Time) (12:00 Eastern time) on 18 June 2024 in order for the shareholder or ADS holder to be entitled to access the webcast. Please note joining the webcast will not constitute formal attendance at the AGM  and shareholders and ADS holders will not be able to vote as part of the AGM webcast. As a result  you are strongly encouraged to submit a proxy form to ensure that you are able to participate in the business of the meeting. 11",neutral,0.06,0.88,0.06,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Achilles Therapeutics', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'DOCUMENT', 'Form', 'CREST electronic proxy appointment service', 'Achilles Therapeutics plc', 'London W6 8PW', 'independent financial adviser', 'online voting facilities', 'American Depositary Shares', '2024 Annual General Meeting', ""many shareholders' questions"", 'CREST members', 'CREST manual', 'financial advice', 'accompanying documents', 'other agent', '14:00UK time', '00 Eastern Time', '245 Hammersmith Road', 'United Kingdom', 'webcasting arrangements', 'smart phone', 'formal attendance', 'title line', '17:00 UK time', '15:00 Q&A', 'Further information', 'registered office', 'Daniel Hood', 'ADS Holders', 'Dear Shareholder', 'voting preferences', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'email ID', 'Further details', 'running order', 'Ordinary Shares', 'Ordinary Shareholders', 'physical meeting', 'open Meeting', 'shareholder resolutions', 'Shareholder engagement', 'Tuesday 25 June', 'Company Secretary', 'formal notice', 'AGM question', 'Shareholder questions', 'proxy form', 'AGM resolutions', '2024 AGM Webcast', '18 June', '21 June', 'AGM.', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'bank', 'sale', 'transmission', '24 May', 'pages', 'opportunity', 'update', 'board', 'directors', 'intention', 'audio', 'advance', 'business', 'computer', 'tablet', 'location', 'choice', 'name', 'address', 'achillestx', '40 Presentation', 'Chairman', 'way', 'interests', 'access', 'number', 'transparency', 'responses', 'website', 'votes', 'respect', 'poll', 'results', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'use', 'event', 'procedures', 'guidance', 'telephone']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41563,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STARWOOD-EUROPEAN-REAL-ES-166293059/news/Starwood-European-Real-Estate-Finance-AGM-Notice-2024-46818065/,Starwood European Real Estate Finance : AGM Notice 2024,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE OF ELEVENTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   STARWOOD EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE FINANCE LIMITED   Law  2008  as amended  with registered no. 55836)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in a…,"NOTICE OF ELEVENTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING STARWOOD EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE FINANCE LIMITED (a company incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008  as amended  with registered no. 55836) THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or the action you should take  you are recommended to seek immediately your own personal financial advice from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial adviser (who in the United Kingdom should be authorised pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended)). If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your Ordinary Shares in Starwood European Real Estate Finance Limited (the ""Company"") please send this document and the accompanying documents (if sent to you in hard copy) at once to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other person through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for onward transmission to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold any part of your holding of Ordinary Shares in the Company  please contact your stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected immediately. However  such documents should not be distributed  forwarded or transmitted in or into the United States  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan or into any other jurisdiction if to do so would constitute a violation of applicable laws and regulations in such other jurisdiction. This document gives notice of the Eleventh Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") of the Company to be held at Carey House  Les Banques  St Peter Port  Guernsey  GY1 4BZ (or such other location in Guernsey as may be determined by the Directors and notified to Shareholders) on 13 June 2024 at 9:30 a.m.  and provides an explanation of the ordinary and special business being proposed. All capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the amended and restated articles of incorporation adopted by the Company by the Special Resolution passed on 27 January 2023 (the ""Articles""). Resolutions relating to the following items of ordinary business will be proposed at the AGM: To receive and consider the Annual Report and Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2023  together with the reports of the Directors and Auditors therein (Resolution 1). To approve the Directors' Remuneration Report for the year ended 31 December 2023  contained within the Annual Report and Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (Resolution 2). To re-elect as a Director of the Company  John Whittle (Resolution 3). To re-elect as a Director of the Company  Shelagh Mason (Resolution 4). To re-elect as a Director of the Company  Charlotte Denton (Resolution 5). To re-elect as a Director of the Company  Gary Yardley (Resolution 6). At this year's AGM  as a matter of good and current corporate governance and  where applicable  in accordance with Article 23.3 of the Articles each of the four Directors is seeking re-election. Biographical details of each of John Whittle  Shelagh Mason  Charlotte Denton and Gary Yardley are contained in the Company's Annual Report which can be found on the Company's website at https://starwoodeuropeanfinance.com/. The rationale for the re-appointment of John Whittle as Chairman is provided on page 35 of the Company's Annual Report and Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 1To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Auditors of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next general meeting at which the accounts are laid before the Company (Resolution 7). To authorise the Directors to agree the remuneration of the Auditors (Resolution 8). To approve the Company's dividend policy (Resolution 9). For the financial year ended 31 December 2023  the Company has paid or declared aggregate interim dividends of 6.0 pence per Ordinary Share. As set out in the Company's Annual Report  the Company intends to continue to target 5.5 pence per Ordinary Share per annum (payable quarterly) going forward. In accordance with the principles of good corporate governance  as there is no resolution to approve a final dividend at the AGM  Resolution 9 seeks Shareholder approval for the Company's current dividend policy. The above dividend payment is a target only and not a profit forecast. There is no assurance that the above dividend payment can or will be paid in the future and this should not be seen as an indication of the Company's expected or actual results or returns. Resolutions relating to the following items of special business will be proposed at the AGM: Authority to purchase the Company's own Shares (Resolution 10) The authority to purchase up to 14.99 per cent of the Company's issued share capital  granted by shareholders at the annual general meeting in 2023 will expire at the conclusion of the AGM unless renewed by shareholders. The Directors consider that the renewal of the authority is in the best interests of shareholders as a whole  as part of of the Company's discount control mechanism. Resolution 10 will renew  by way of a special resolution  the authority to purchase up to 14.99 per cent  of the Company's issued share capital as at the date of the passing of the resolution (currently being 270 178 206 Ordinary Shares  with no shares held in treasury at the time of this notice)  either for cancellation or placing into treasury at the determination of the Directors. The Directors will give consideration to repurchasing Shares under this authority  but are not bound to do so  where the market price of the Shares trades at more than 7.5 per cent below the Net Asset Value per Share for more than three months  subject to available cash not otherwise required for working capital purposes or the payment of dividends or distributions in accordance with the Company's dividend and distribution policy. The Directors will also take into consideration the Company's mandate and the orderly realistion of assets and return of capital which is being pursued. The minimum and maximum prices which may be paid per Ordinary Share are set out in the full text of Resolution 10. The Board would consider holding as treasury shares any Shares which the Company acquires pursuant to the authority provided by this resolution. It is currently envisaged that any Shares acquired and held in treasury following any buy back would be used to support liquidity in the Company's Shares. Any sales out of treasury will only be made at a price per Share equal to or greater than the price per Share paid by the Company and in any event not less than the prevailing NAV per Share and will be carried out in accordance with the provisions of the UK Listing Rules and subject to the Company having sufficient dis-application authority. The full text of Resolution 10 is set out in the Notice of Meeting on page 4. 2Annual General Meeting Shareholders are requested to return a Proxy Appointment as outlined in the Notice of Annual General Meeting Notes on page 6 of this document and submitting a hard copy form of proxy by post  by courier or by hand to Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited  C/o The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol  BS99 6ZY  as soon as possible and in any event not later than 9:30 a.m. Guernsey time on Tuesday  11 June 2024; or in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service (details of which are contained in this document) to Computershare  as soon as possible and in any event not later than 9:30 a.m. Guernsey time on Tuesday  11 June 2024 Shareholders wishing to raise any questions relating to the business of the AGM may do so by submitting such questions by email to Apex Fund and Corporate Services (Guernsey) Limited  the Company's secretary  ahead of the AGM at starwood@apexgroup.com until 5.00 p.m. (UK time) on Tuesday  11 June 2024. Questions and answers will be announced on the London Stock Exchange. The Board will ensure that Shareholders are given as much notice as possible of any proposed changes to the format of the AGM. The location of the AGM may need to be reconsidered closer to the time and the Company will update Shareholders of any changes via an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service and through the Company's website www.starwoodeuropeanfinance.com. Recommendation The Board considers that the resolutions are likely to promote the success of the Company and are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. The Directors unanimously recommend that you vote in favour of all resolutions as they intend to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings which amount in aggregate to 130 539 Ordinary Shares  representing approximately 0.05 per cent of the voting rights in the Company. Yours faithfully John Whittle Chairman 3NOTICE OF ELEVENTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice is hereby given that the Eleventh Annual General Meeting of Starwood European Real Estate Finance Limited (the ""Company"") will be held at Carey House  Les Banques  St Peter Port  Guernsey  GY1 4BZ on 13 June 2024 at 9:30 a.m. to consider and  if thought fit  approve the following resolutions  Resolutions 1 to 9 will be proposed as Ordinary Resolutions and Resolution 10 will be proposed as a Special Resolution: Ordinary Business As Ordinary Business  to consider and  if thought fit  pass Resolutions 1 to 9 as Ordinary Resolutions of the Company: To receive and consider the Annual Report and Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2023  together with the reports of the Directors and Auditors therein. To approve the Directors' Remuneration Report for the year ended 31 December 2023  contained within the Annual Report and Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. To re-elect as a Director of the Company  John Whittle. To re-elect as a Director of the Company  Shelagh Mason. To re-elect as a Director of the Company  Charlotte Denton. To re-elect as a Director of the Company  Gary Yardley. To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Auditors of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next general meeting at which the accounts are laid before the Company. To authorise the Directors to agree the remuneration of the Auditors. To approve the Company's dividend policy for the year ending 31 December 2024 - the Company's current dividend policy is to target a dividend at an annualised amount of 5.5 pence per Ordinary Share. Special Business As special business  to consider and  if thought fit  pass resolution 10 as a Special Resolution of the Company: 10. Purchase of own shares by the Company THAT the Company be and is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with section 315 of the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008  as amended (the ""Law"") to make market acquisitions (as defined in section 316 of the Law) of Ordinary Shares (which may be cancelled or held as treasury shares)  provided that: the maximum number of Ordinary Shares hereby authorised to be purchased is equal or lesser than 14.99 per cent. of the total number of Ordinary Shares in issue as at the date of the passing of this resolution (excluding any treasury shares); the minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an Ordinary Share shall be 1 pence; the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) that the Company may pay for each Ordinary Share is the higher of (i) an amount equal to 105 per cent. of the average of the mid-market quotations for the Ordinary Shares of the Company as derived from the Daily Official List of the London Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately before the day on which such Ordinary Share is contracted to be purchased and (ii) an amount equal to the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent bid on the trading venues where the purchase is carried out; and unless renewed  the authority hereby conferred shall expire on the date falling 15 months after the passing of this resolution or at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company 4in 2025  whichever is the earlier  save that the Company may  prior to such expiry  enter into a contract to purchase Ordinary Shares which will or may be completed or executed wholly or partly after such expiry. BY ORDER OF THE DIRECTORS Apex Fund and Corporate Services (Guernsey) Limited Date: 24 May 2024 Registered Office: 1 Royal Plaza Royal Avenue St Peter Port Guernsey Channel Islands GY1 2HL 5Notes: A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the meeting may appoint a proxy to attend  speak and vote instead of him/her. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. A shareholder may appoint more than one proxy in relation to the meeting provided that such proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by the shareholder. Form(s) of proxy is (are) included for use by shareholders to complete  sign and return. Completion and return of the form(s) of proxy will not prevent a shareholder from subsequently attending the meeting (or any adjournments) and voting in person if he/she so wishes. To appoint more than one proxy to vote in relation to different shares within your holding you may photocopy the form. Please indicate the proxy holder's name and the number of shares in relation to which they are authorised to act as your proxy (which  in aggregate  should not exceed the number of shares held by you). Please also indicate if the proxy instruction is one of multiple instructions being given. All forms must be signed. Form(s) of proxy  duly completed together with any power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed  or a notarial certified copy of such power or authority  must be lodged with Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited  C/o The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol  BS99 6ZY  not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting or any adjournment thereof  or in the case of a poll taken more than 48 hours after it was demanded  24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll. No shareholder will be entitled to be present or vote at the meeting (or any adjournment) either personally or by proxy unless their name appears on the register of members of the Company as at 9:30 a.m. on 11 June 2024. Changes to the entries on the register of members after that time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the meeting (or any adjournments). This record time is being set for voting at the meeting (and any adjournments) because the procedures for updating the register of members in respect of shares held in un-certificated form require a record time to be set for the purpose of determining entitlements to attend and vote at the meeting. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the meeting and any adjournment(s) of the meeting by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a"" CREST Proxy Instruction "") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear's specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by theCompany's agent (ID 3RA50) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified above. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. A copy of the notice of this meeting  including these explanatory notes  is available on the Company's website: www.starwoodeuropeanfinance.com . As at close of business on 23 May 2024 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of this document)  the Company's issued share capital comprised 270 178 206 Ordinary Shares of no par value  of which no Ordinary Shares were held in treasury. The total voting rights as at close of business on 23 May 2024 was 270 178 206. Each Ordinary Share carries the right to one vote at a general meeting of the Company.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.32,0.53,True,English,"['Starwood European Real Estate Finance', 'AGM Notice', 'ELEVENTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING STARWOOD EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE FINANCE LIMITED', 'Audited Consolidated Financial Statements', 'other independent financial adviser', 'next general meeting', 'personal financial advice', 'St Peter Port', 'current corporate governance', 'aggregate interim dividends', 'good corporate governance', 'current dividend policy', ""Directors' Remuneration Report"", 'Annual Report', 'Financial Services', 'financial year', 'other person', 'other agent', 'other jurisdiction', 'other location', 'final dividend', 'dividend payment', 'The Companies', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'United Kingdom', 'Markets Act', 'hard copy', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'applicable laws', 'Carey House', 'Les Banques', 'GY1 4BZ', 'special business', 'John Whittle', 'Shelagh Mason', 'Charlotte Denton', 'Gary Yardley', 'Biographical details', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP', 'Shareholder approval', 'profit forecast', 'actual results', '14.99 per cent', 'share capital', 'best interests', 'ordinary business', 'Ordinary Share', 'four Directors', 'The Directors', 'accompanying documents', 'capitalised terms', 'bank manager', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Special Resolution', 'following items', 'Shares', 'NOTICE', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'onward', 'transmission', 'part', 'holding', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'violation', 'regulations', 'AGM', 'Shareholders', '13 June', '9:30 a', 'explanation', 'meanings', 'articles', 'incorporation', '27 January', 'Resolutions', 'reports', 'Auditors', 'matter', 'accordance', 'election', 'website', 'starwoodeuropeanfinance', 'rationale', 'appointment', 'Chairman', 'page', 'office', 'conclusion', 'accounts', 'pence', 'annum', 'principles', 'target', 'assurance', 'future', 'indication', 'expected', 'returns', 'Authority', 'up', 'renewal', '6.0']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41564,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.bucksfreepress.co.uk/news/national/24346106.g7-moves-towards-agreement-money-ukraine-frozen-russian-assets/,G7 moves towards agreement on money for Ukraine from frozen Russian assets,Finance officials from the Group of Seven rich democracies said they had moved towards agreement on a US proposal to squeeze more money for Ukraine from Russian assets frozen in their countries. But the ministers left a final deal to be worked out ahead of a June summit of national leaders.,But the ministers left a final deal to be worked out ahead of a June summit of national leaders.“We are making progress in our discussions on potential avenues to bring forward the extraordinary profits stemming from immobilised Russian sovereign assets to the benefit of Ukraine ” the draft statement said  without providing details.Andrew Bailey  governor of the Bank of England  represented the UK.Despite the progress made at the the meeting in Stresa  on the shores of Lago Maggiore in northern Italy  a final decision on how the assets will be used will rest with the G7 national leaders  including US President Joe Biden  next month at their annual summit in Fasano  in southern Italy.Host finance minister Giancarlo Giorgetti said that “progress has been made so far” but that there were “legal and technical issues that have to be overcome”.“It is not an easy task but we are working on it ” he said at a news conference following the end of the meeting.Ukrainian finance minister Serhiy Marchenko joined the fellow ministers and central bank heads at their concluding session on Saturday.“I am satisfied with the progress ” he told journalists afterwards. He said the G7 ministers “are working very hard to find a reliable construction for Ukraine”.The US Congress has passed legislation allowing the Biden administration to seize the roughly five billion dollars (£3.9 billion) in Russian assets located in the US  but European countries have a strong voice in the matter since most of the 260 billion dollars (£204 billion) in Russian central bank assets frozen after the February 24 2022 invasion are held in their jurisdictions.Citing legal concerns  European officials have balked at outright confiscating the money and handing it to Ukraine as compensation for the destruction caused by Russia.Instead  they plan use the interest accumulating on the assets  but that is only around three billion dollars (£2.3 billion) a year — about one month’s financing needs for the Ukrainian government.US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is pushing for borrowing against the future interest income from the frozen assets. That would mean Ukraine could be given as much as 50 billion dollars (£39 billion) immediately.But the proposal has run into concerns from European members about the legal complexities  and about concerns that Russia could retaliate against the diminished number of Western companies and individuals who still have holdings in Russia  or against the Euroclear securities depository in Belgium where the bulk of the funds is held.Andrew Bailey  governor of the Bank of England  centre  is welcomed by Italy’s finance minister Giancarlo Giorgetti  right  and Fabio Panetta governor of the Bank of Italy  at the G7 meeting in Stresa  northern Italy (Antonio Calanni/AP)Russia has published a decree from President Vladimir Putin allowing confiscation of assets of US companies and individuals as compensation for any Russian assets seized in the United States.The ministers also discussed what to do about China’s outsized  state-backed production of green energy technology  which the US considers a threat to the global economy.The US has imposed major new tariffs on electric vehicles (EVs)  semiconductors  solar equipment and medical supplies imported from China. Included is a 100% tariff on Chinese-made EVs  meant to protect the US economy from cheap Chinese imports.The US position has been that Chinese overcapacity is an issue not just for the US but also for other G7 and developing countries. That is because China’s selling of low-priced goods threatens the existence of competing companies around the world.The G7 is an informal forum that holds an annual summit to discuss economic policy and security issues. The member countries are Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan  the UK and the US. Representatives of the European Union also take part  but the EU does not serve as one of the rotating chairs.,neutral,0.03,0.84,0.13,mixed,0.1,0.24,0.66,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'G7', 'agreement', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'Ukrainian finance minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'Host finance minister Giancarlo Giorgetti', 'US President Joe Biden', 'Russian central bank assets', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'Euroclear securities depository', 'outsized, state-backed production', 'green energy technology', 'major new tariffs', 'central bank heads', 'cheap Chinese imports', 'five billion dollars', 'three billion dollars', 'future interest income', 'The US Congress', 'The US position', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'Fabio Panetta governor', 'G7 national leaders', 'Ukrainian government', 'Biden administration', '260 billion dollars', '50 billion dollars', 'Russian assets', 'The G7', 'Chinese overcapacity', 'US companies', 'US economy', 'other G7', 'final deal', 'June summit', 'potential avenues', 'extraordinary profits', 'draft statement', 'Andrew Bailey', 'Lago Maggiore', 'final decision', 'annual summit', 'technical issues', 'easy task', 'news conference', 'concluding session', 'reliable construction', 'European countries', 'strong voice', 'February 24 2022 invasion', 'European officials', 'one month', 'financing needs', 'frozen assets', 'European members', 'diminished number', 'Western companies', 'Antonio Calanni/AP', 'United States', 'global economy', 'electric vehicles', 'solar equipment', 'medical supplies', 'developing countries', 'low-priced goods', 'competing companies', 'informal forum', 'economic policy', 'security issues', 'member countries', 'European Union', 'rotating chairs', 'G7 ministers', 'legal complexities', 'G7 meeting', 'northern Italy', 'southern Italy', 'fellow ministers', 'Chinese-made EVs', 'legal concerns', 'progress', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'Ukraine', 'details', 'England', 'Stresa', 'shores', 'Fasano', 'end', 'Saturday', 'journalists', 'legislation', 'matter', 'jurisdictions', 'money', 'compensation', 'destruction', 'proposal', 'individuals', 'holdings', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'funds', 'centre', 'decree', 'confiscation', 'China', 'threat', 'semiconductors', '100% tariff', 'selling', 'existence', 'world', 'Canada', 'France', 'Germany', 'Japan', 'Representatives', 'part']",2024-05-25,2024-05-25,bucksfreepress.co.uk
41565,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEG-IMMOBILIEN-SE-12467148/news/LEG-Immobilien-Dividend-Announcement-46818862/,LEG Immobilien : Dividend Announcement,(marketscreener.com)   These materials are not an offer or the solicitation of an offer for the sale or subscription of the shares of LEG Immobilien SE in the United States of America or any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful to do so. In particu…,"These materials are not an offer or the solicitation of an offer for the sale or subscription of the shares of LEG Immobilien SE in the United States of America or any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful to do so. In particular  the subscription rights shall not be exercised in theUnited States except by  and the subscription rights and the shares referred to herein (the ""Securities"") may not  at any time  be offered  sold  exercised  pledged or transferred to or withinthe United States of America except to ""qualified institutional buyers"" (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (""Securities Act"") due to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. LEG Immobilien SE has not registered and does not intend to register the Securities under the Securities Act. LEG Immobilien SE will not publicly offer the Securities in the United States of America.LEG Immobilien SEDüsseldorfISIN: DE 000LEG1110WKN: LEG 111Dividend AnnouncementOn 23 May 2024  the annual general meeting of LEG Immobilien SE (the ""Company"") resolved to appropriate EUR 181 567 726.20 of the retained earnings for fiscal year 2023 in the amount of EUR 236 408 590.44 for distribution of a dividend of EUR 2.45 per eligible share (74 109 276) and to carry the remaining amount of EUR 54 840 864.24 forward to new account.The dividend will be paid  at the discretion of the shareholders  (a) in cash or (b) in the form of shares in the Company. Each Shareholder may choose to receive a cash dividend for a part of its shares and a dividend in the form of shares for the remaining part of its shares. Further details on this subject are set out in a separate information document pursuant to Article 1 paragraph 4 lit. h)  paragraph 5 subparagraph 1 lit g) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (prospectus exemption document). This document is available on the Company's website at https://ir.leg-se.com/en/agm2024and particularly contains information on the number and type of shares and explanations about the reasons for and details of the share offer. Details on the subscription to the new shares are explained in the subscription offer published on 24 May 2024 on the company's websitehttps://ir.leg-se.com/en/agm2024and in the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger).The cash dividend will presumably be paid out on 26 June 2024 by the depository banks via Clearstream Banking AG  Frankfurt am Main. The paying agent is COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft.The subscription of the new shares is only permitted if the shareholder is not in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan at the time of the submission of the relevant subscription declaration or in any other jurisdiction in which the subscription to shares is subject to restrictions or would be not permissible  unless the shareholder in the United States of America is a qualified institutional buyer (""QIB"") within the meaning of Rule 144A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['LEG Immobilien', 'Dividend Announcement', 'LEG Immobilien SE Düsseldorf', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'qualified institutional buyers', 'annual general meeting', 'German Federal Gazette', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'relevant subscription declaration', 'separate information document', 'prospectus exemption document', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'Rule 144A', 'registration requirements', 'fiscal year', 'eligible share', 'new account', 'paragraph 5 subparagraph', 'depository banks', 'paying agent', 'COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft', 'subscription rights', 'Dividend Announcement', 'remaining amount', 'remaining part', 'share offer', 'Further details', 'new shares', 'cash dividend', 'subscription offer', 'materials', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'America', 'time', 'transaction', 'ISIN', '000LEG1110', 'WKN', '23 May', 'Company', 'EUR', 'earnings', 'distribution', 'discretion', 'shareholders', 'subject', 'Article 1', 'Regulation', 'website', 'number', 'type', 'explanations', 'reasons', '24 May', 'Bundesanzeiger', '26 June', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'submission', 'restrictions', 'QIB', 'meaning']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41566,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Jefferies-sticks-Neutral-46819483/,DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG : Jefferies sticks Neutral,(marketscreener.com) Initially Neutral on the company  Jefferies's analyst Tom Mills maintained his recommendation. The target price is unchanged at EUR 195.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-Jefferies-s…,Deutsche Börse AG is one of the leading European stock exchanges. Net sales break down by activity as follows: - trading services (44%): execution and management of operations on derivatives and in cash (shares  bonds  warrants  etc.; Xetra); - compensation  payment-delivery  and conservation services and securities (41.2%); - distribution of indexes and market data (14.8%). The group is also involved in development and implementation of IT solutions. Net sales are distributed geographically as follows: European Union (53.1%)  Europe (27.5%)  America (13.4%) and Asia/Pacific (6%).,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BÖRSE AG', 'Jefferies', 'Neutral', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading European stock exchanges', 'European Union', 'Net sales', 'trading services', 'conservation services', 'market data', 'IT solutions', 'activity', 'execution', 'management', 'operations', 'derivatives', 'cash', 'shares', 'bonds', 'warrants', 'Xetra', 'compensation', 'payment-delivery', 'securities', 'distribution', 'indexes', 'group', 'development', 'implementation', 'America', 'Asia/Pacific']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-nvs-dividend-analysis-110236745.html,Euronext NV's Dividend Analysis,Euronext NV (ERNXY) recently announced a dividend of $0.54 per share  payable on an unspecified date  with the ex-dividend date set for May 24  2024.  As...,Exploring the Sustainability and Growth of Euronext NV's DividendsEuronext NV (ERNXY) recently announced a dividend of $0.54 per share  payable on an unspecified date  with the ex-dividend date set for May 24  2024. As investors eagerly anticipate this upcoming payment  it's crucial to delve into the company's dividend history  yield  and growth rates. Utilizing data from GuruFocus  this analysis will evaluate Euronext NV's dividend performance and explore its sustainability.What Does Euronext NV Do?Warning! GuruFocus has detected 8 Warning Signs with ERNXY.High Yield Dividend Stocks in Gurus' PortfolioThis Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 YearsHow to calculate the intrinsic value of a stock?Euronext NV operates as a pan-European financial exchange group  with trading venues across several major European cities. The group manages a variety of trading activities including cash equities  fixed income  and derivatives. The acquisition of Borsa Italiana expanded Euronext's influence  adding significant assets such as the Italian multi-asset clearing house CC&G and the central securities depository Monte Titoli. Euronext is also the proprietor of several key European stock indexes  enhancing its pivotal role in the European financial markets.Euronext NV's Dividend AnalysisA Glimpse at Euronext NV's Dividend HistorySince 2021  Euronext NV has consistently rewarded its shareholders with dividends  currently issued on an annual basis. This pattern underscores the company's commitment to returning value to its investors.Euronext NV's Dividend AnalysisBreaking Down Euronext NV's Dividend Yield and GrowthEuronext NV boasts a trailing dividend yield of 2.51% and a forward dividend yield of 2.84%  indicating expectations of increased dividend payments in the upcoming year. Over the past three years  the company has achieved an impressive annual dividend growth rate of 15.20%  although this rate moderated to 7.90% over a five-year period. The 5-year yield on cost for Euronext NV stock is approximately 3.67%  reflecting the company's robust dividend performance.Euronext NV's Dividend AnalysisThe Sustainability Question: Payout Ratio and ProfitabilityThe dividend payout ratio  currently at 0.48  suggests that Euronext NV maintains a balanced approach to dividend distributions and earnings retention  which supports potential growth and operational stability. The company's profitability rank is an exceptional 10 out of 10  reflecting strong earnings capabilities relative to its peers. Consistent positive net income over the past decade further solidifies its financial health and supports ongoing dividend payments.Story continuesGrowth Metrics: The Future OutlookEuronext NV's growth rank stands at a perfect 10  indicating a promising growth trajectory compared to its competitors. The company's revenue per share and 3-year revenue growth rate of 6.20% annually surpass over half of its global competitors. Additionally  its 3-year EPS growth rate and 5-year EBITDA growth rate of 7.70% further demonstrate Euronext NV's ability to enhance its earnings  crucial for sustaining dividends long-term.Conclusion: The Verdict on Euronext NV's DividendsEuronext NV's consistent dividend payments  coupled with a strong dividend growth rate  reliable payout ratio  and robust profitability and growth metrics  paint a promising picture for current and potential investors. These factors collectively suggest that Euronext NV is well-positioned to continue rewarding its shareholders while maintaining financial stability and pursuing growth opportunities. For those interested in exploring high-dividend yield opportunities  consider using the High Dividend Yield Screener available to GuruFocus Premium users.This article  generated by GuruFocus  is designed to provide general insights and is not tailored financial advice. Our commentary is rooted in historical data and analyst projections  utilizing an impartial methodology  and is not intended to serve as specific investment guidance. It does not formulate a recommendation to purchase or divest any stock and does not consider individual investment objectives or financial circumstances. Our objective is to deliver long-term  fundamental data-driven analysis. Be aware that our analysis might not incorporate the most recent  price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative information. GuruFocus holds no position in the stocks mentioned herein.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.29,0.22,True,English,"['Euronext NV', 'Dividend Analysis', 'Italian multi-asset clearing house CC&G', 'several key European stock indexes', 'impressive annual dividend growth rate', 'several major European cities', 'Consistent positive net income', '3-year EPS growth rate', 'long-term, fundamental data-driven analysis', 'High Dividend Yield Screener', 'recent, price-sensitive company announcements', '5-year EBITDA growth rate', 'pan-European financial exchange group', '3-year revenue growth rate', 'strong dividend growth rate', 'High Yield Dividend Stocks', 'European financial markets', 'central securities depository', 'specific investment guidance', 'individual investment objectives', 'consistent dividend payments', 'The Future Outlook', 'strong earnings capabilities', 'trailing dividend yield', 'forward dividend yield', 'ongoing dividend payments', 'reliable payout ratio', 'high-dividend yield opportunities', 'promising growth trajectory', 'dividend payout ratio', 'robust dividend performance', 'past three years', 'The Sustainability Question', 'GuruFocus Premium users', 'Euronext NV stock', '5-year yield', 'annual basis', 'growth opportunities', 'fixed income', 'growth rates', 'potential growth', 'Growth Metrics', 'growth rank', 'dividend history', 'Dividend Analysis', 'dividend distributions', 'The Verdict', 'past decade', 'financial health', 'promising picture', 'financial stability', 'financial advice', 'financial circumstances', 'robust profitability', 'unspecified date', 'ex-dividend date', 'upcoming payment', '8 Warning Signs', ""Gurus' Portfolio"", 'Powerful Chart', 'Peter Lynch', 'trading venues', 'trading activities', 'cash equities', 'Borsa Italiana', 'significant assets', 'Monte Titoli', 'pivotal role', 'upcoming year', 'five-year period', 'balanced approach', 'earnings retention', 'operational stability', 'general insights', 'analyst projections', 'impartial methodology', 'qualitative information', 'profitability rank', 'intrinsic value', 'global competitors', 'historical data', 'potential investors', '13 Years', 'Dividends', 'ERNXY', 'share', 'May', 'variety', 'derivatives', 'acquisition', 'influence', 'proprietor', 'Glimpse', 'pattern', 'commitment', 'expectations', 'cost', 'exceptional', 'peers', 'perfect 10', 'half', 'Conclusion', 'current', 'factors', 'article', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'position']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,finance.yahoo.com
41568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_ee1bd6f9-9eff-4177-826d-6a0699a461d0,Exploring Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam In May 2024,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'May', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,consent.yahoo.com
41569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exploring-dividend-stocks-euronext-paris-060650827.html,Exploring Dividend Stocks On Euronext Paris May 2024,As of May 2024  the French stock market has shown a cautious trend with the CAC 40 Index experiencing a slight decline. This reflects broader European market...,As of May 2024  the French stock market has shown a cautious trend with the CAC 40 Index experiencing a slight decline. This reflects broader European market sentiments where monetary policy adjustments and economic indicators are closely monitored by investors. In this context  dividend stocks on Euronext Paris present an intriguing avenue for those looking to potentially enhance their portfolio stability amidst fluctuating markets. A good dividend stock typically combines reliable payouts with strong business fundamentals  making it an appealing choice during uncertain economic times like these.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 8.42% ★★★★★★ Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.15% ★★★★★★ CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.43% ★★★★★★ Métropole Télévision (ENXTPA:MMT) 9.25% ★★★★★☆ Teleperformance (ENXTPA:TEP) 3.70% ★★★★★☆ Sanofi (ENXTPA:SAN) 4.17% ★★★★★☆ Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 4.09% ★★★★★☆ Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 3.72% ★★★★★☆ Carrefour (ENXTPA:CA) 5.35% ★★★★★☆ Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 7.35% ★★★★★☆Click here to see the full list of 31 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.Let's uncover some gems from our specialized screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Arkema S.A. is a global manufacturer and seller of specialty chemicals and advanced materials  with a market capitalization of approximately €7.03 billion.Operations: Arkema S.A. generates its revenue primarily from three key segments: Adhesive Solutions (€2.70 billion)  Advanced Materials (€3.50 billion)  and Coating Solutions (€2.36 billion)  along with a smaller contribution from Intermediates (€0.74 billion).Dividend Yield: 3.7%Arkema offers a stable dividend yield of 3.72%  supported by a payout ratio of 74.9% and a cash payout ratio of 45.9%  indicating dividends are well-covered by both earnings and cash flows. Despite trading at 45.4% below estimated fair value  its dividend yield remains lower than the top quartile in the French market at 5.16%. Recent financials show a decline with Q1 sales dropping to €2 341 million from €2 524 million year-over-year and net income falling to €79 million from €132 million  reflecting decreased profitability with current profit margins at 3.7% compared to last year's 6.7%.ENXTPA:AKE Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Amundi is a publicly owned investment manager with a market capitalization of approximately €14.40 billion  operating primarily in the asset management sector.Story continuesOperations: Amundi generates its revenue primarily through asset management  contributing approximately €6.03 billion.Dividend Yield: 5.8%Amundi's recent financial performance shows a positive trend with Q1 2024 revenue reaching €824 million and net income at €318 million  both improvements from the previous year. The appointment of Barry Glavin as head of equity investments could enhance strategic direction. However  despite an attractive dividend yield of 5.79%  which is above the French market average  Amundi's dividend history over the past 8 years reveals instability and volatility in payments. Trading at a 5.6% discount to its estimated fair value suggests potential undervaluation relative to peers.ENXTPA:AMUN Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Eiffage SA operates in various sectors including construction  property and urban development  civil engineering  metallic construction  road infrastructure  energy systems  and concessions both in France and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €9.51 billion.Operations: Eiffage SA generates revenue from several key segments: Concessions at €3.90 billion  Construction at €4.29 billion  Energy Systems at €5.99 billion  and Infrastructures at €8.43 billion.Dividend Yield: 4.1%Eiffage SA reported a robust financial year in 2023  with sales rising to €22.37 billion and net income increasing to €1.01 billion. Despite this growth  its dividend yield of 4.06% remains below the French market's top quartile average of 5.16%. The company maintains a low cash payout ratio at 15.6%  indicating strong coverage of dividends by cash flows  yet its dividend history has shown volatility over the past decade. Recent board discussions on remuneration and strategic appointments suggest ongoing governance enhancements.ENXTPA:FGR Dividend History as at May 2024Where To Now?Take a closer look at our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks list of 31 companies by clicking here.Have a stake in these businesses? Integrate your holdings into Simply Wall St's portfolio for notifications and detailed stock reports.Maximize your investment potential with Simply Wall St  the comprehensive app that offers global market insights for free.Looking For Alternative Opportunities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:AKE ENXTPA:AMUN and ENXTPA:FGR.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.21,0.52,True,English,"['Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Samse', 'Métropole Télévision', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks list', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', 'broader European market sentiments', 'low cash payout ratio', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'top quartile average', 'good dividend stock', 'stable dividend yield', 'attractive dividend yield', 'AMUN Dividend History', 'FGR Dividend History', 'monetary policy adjustments', 'three key segments', 'current profit margins', 'several key segments', 'ongoing governance enhancements', 'detailed stock reports', 'Recent board discussions', 'strong business fundamentals', 'uncertain economic times', 'recent financial performance', 'French stock market', 'French market average', 'global market insights', 'AKE Dividend History', 'Arkema S.A.', 'asset management sector', 'robust financial year', 'full list', 'specialized screener', 'cash flows', 'Recent financials', 'financial advice', 'market capitalization', 'economic indicators', 'global manufacturer', 'strong coverage', 'cautious trend', 'CAC 40 Index', 'intriguing avenue', 'fluctuating markets', 'reliable payouts', 'appealing choice', 'CBo Territoria', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine', 'Piscines Desjoyaux', 'specialty chemicals', 'advanced materials', 'Adhesive Solutions', 'Coating Solutions', 'smaller contribution', 'fair value', 'net income', 'last year', 'investment manager', 'positive trend', 'previous year', 'Barry Glavin', 'equity investments', 'strategic direction', 'past 8 years', 'potential undervaluation', 'Eiffage SA', 'various sectors', 'urban development', 'civil engineering', 'road infrastructure', 'energy systems', 'past decade', 'strategic appointments', 'closer look', 'investment potential', 'comprehensive app', 'Alternative Opportunities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', '31 stocks', 'slight decline', 'portfolio stability', 'Q1 sales', 'metallic construction', 'Q1 2024 revenue', 'May', 'investors', 'context', 'France', 'ENXTPA', 'Rubis', 'RUI', 'CBOT', 'Teleperformance', 'TEP', 'Sanofi', 'ALEXA', 'Carrefour', 'ALPDX', 'gems', 'Overview', 'seller', 'Operations', 'Intermediates', 'dividends', 'earnings', 'trading', 'profitability', 'Amundi', 'improvements', 'head', 'instability', 'volatility', 'payments', '5.6% discount', 'peers', 'property', 'concessions', 'Infrastructures', 'growth', 'company', 'remuneration', '31 companies', 'stake', 'businesses', 'holdings', 'notifications', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', '3.']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,finance.yahoo.com
41570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/high-insider-ownership-growth-stocks-133356634.html,High Insider Ownership Growth Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam May 2024,As global markets continue to navigate through fluctuating economic indicators and monetary policies  the Euronext Amsterdam remains a focal point for...,As global markets continue to navigate through fluctuating economic indicators and monetary policies  the Euronext Amsterdam remains a focal point for investors looking for growth opportunities. In this context  companies with high insider ownership can be particularly appealing  as this often signals confidence from those closest to the company's operations and future prospects.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 67.8% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.8% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.3%Click here to see the full list of 5 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Here's a peek at a few of the choices from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. specializes in designing  developing  manufacturing  and selling or leasing reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers  operating mainly in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe with a market capitalization of approximately €360.56 million.Operations: The company generates revenue through the design  development  manufacture  and sale or lease of reverse vending machines in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Insider Ownership: 15.1%Envipco Holding N.V. has recently shown a remarkable recovery  transitioning from a net loss to profitability with its latest annual earnings reporting an increase in sales to €87.58 million and net income of €1.42 million. Despite this progress and a forecasted revenue growth rate of 33.4% per year  the company's share price remains highly volatile  and shareholder dilution occurred over the past year due to a follow-on equity offering raising NOK 300 million. Additionally  while Envipco's earnings are expected to grow significantly at 67.8% annually  there is no recent insider trading data available to gauge current insider confidence directly.ENXTAM:ENVI Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc operates as a provider of software-as-a-service solutions tailored for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €270.34 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates revenue primarily through its software and programming segment  totaling €42.94 million.Insider Ownership: 35.8%MotorK plc  a growth-oriented company in the Netherlands with high insider ownership  is navigating challenges alongside opportunities. Despite a recent dip in quarterly revenue to €11.25 million and an increase in net loss to €13.25 million for the full year  MotorK forecasts robust annual revenue growth at 24% per year and expects its Committed Annual Recurring Revenues to reach €50 million by fiscal year-end 2024. The company's potential profitability within three years aligns with above-market expectations  although shareholder dilution has occurred over the past year.ENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. offers postal and logistics services across the Netherlands  Europe  and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.63 billion.Operations: The company's revenue is derived primarily from its Packages and Mail in The Netherlands segments  generating €2.25 billion and €1.35 billion respectively.Insider Ownership: 30.8%PostNL  a Dutch company with high insider ownership  has faced challenges recently  reporting a decline in quarterly sales to €763 million and swinging to a net loss of €20 million in Q1 2024. Despite this setback  the company has shown resilience by proposing dividends and maintaining shareholder payouts. Looking ahead  PostNL forecasts normalized EBIT between €80 million and €110 million for 2024. With earnings expected to grow by 24.3% annually over the next three years  PostNL's financial outlook appears promising despite current hurdles and a high level of debt.ENXTAM:PNL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Turning Ideas Into ActionsUnlock our comprehensive list of 5 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership by clicking here.Already own these companies? Bring clarity to your investment decisions by linking up your portfolio with Simply Wall St  where you can monitor all the vital signs of your stocks effortlessly.Simply Wall St is a revolutionary app designed for long-term stock investors  it's free and covers every market in the world.Ready To Venture Into Other Investment Styles?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:ENVI ENXTAM:MTRK and ENXTAM:PNL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['High Insider Ownership Growth Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth', 'Committed Annual Recurring Revenues', 'robust annual revenue growth', 'recent insider trading data', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'fluctuating economic indicators', 'reverse vending machines', 'latest annual earnings', 'automotive retail industry', 'PostNL N.V.', 'revenue growth rate', 'Other Investment Styles', 'MTRK Ownership Breakdown', 'next three years', 'current insider confidence', 'The Netherlands segments', 'long-term stock investors', 'growth opportunities', 'Ebusco Holding', 'recent dip', 'high level', 'historical data', 'current hurdles', 'investment decisions', 'global markets', 'monetary policies', 'focal point', 'future prospects', 'full list', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'remarkable recovery', 'net loss', 'net income', 'share price', 'shareholder dilution', 'equity offering', 'service solutions', 'Benelux Union', 'programming segment', 'quarterly revenue', 'fiscal year-end', 'logistics services', 'shareholder payouts', 'financial outlook', 'comprehensive list', 'vital signs', 'revolutionary app', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'ENVI Earnings', 'PNL Earnings', 'market capitalization', 'market expectations', 'past year', 'full year', 'MotorK plc', 'potential profitability', 'quarterly sales', 'growth-oriented company', 'Dutch company', 'context', 'operations', 'ENXTAM', 'Basic-Fit', 'BFIT', '5 stocks', 'peek', 'choices', 'Overview', 'recycling', 'Europe', 'design', 'development', 'manufacture', 'lease', 'increase', 'progress', 'NOK', 'May', 'provider', 'software', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Story', 'challenges', 'postal', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'decline', 'Q1', 'setback', 'resilience', 'dividends', 'EBIT', 'debt', 'Ideas', 'Actions', 'clarity', 'portfolio', 'world', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', '67.', '2024']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,finance.yahoo.com
41571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_cbf11408-6959-43a6-99ba-174a6edd74fb,Exploring Three Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership On Euronext Amsterdam,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Three Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,consent.yahoo.com
41572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/be25805371a4a16d,TotalEnergies Explores 'Cross-Listing' In US And Europe - What's Going On?,The company is reportedly considering options to cross-list its shares in both the U.S. and the Euronext stock exchange  Reuters reported. “It’s more a technical study  how to offer these shares to the American market  while keeping our shares on Euronext  in…,The company is reportedly considering options to cross-list its shares in both the U.S. and the Euronext stock exchange  Reuters reported.“It’s more a technical study  how to offer these shares to the American market  while keeping our shares on Euronext  in Paris  in London  in Brussels  because the majority of our shareholders are European ” Chairman and Chief Executive…This story appeared on benzinga.com   .,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['TotalEnergies', 'Cross-Listing', 'US', 'Europe', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'U.S.', 'technical study', 'American market', 'Chief Executive', 'company', 'options', 'shares', 'Reuters', 'Paris', 'London', 'Brussels', 'majority', 'shareholders', 'Chairman', 'story', 'benzinga.']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,biztoc.com
41573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2887761/0/en/EVS-invites-Its-shareholders-to-an-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-on-June-10-2024.html,EVS invites Its shareholders to an Extraordinary General Meeting on June 10  2024,Publication on May 24  2024  at 6:30 am before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR),Publication on May 24  2024  at 6:30 am before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON JUNE 10  2024As already communicated on May 21  2024  due to the lack of attendance quorum  the Extraordinary General Meeting of EVS Broadcast Equipment SA convened on May 21  2024 is postponed to June 10  2024  at 12:00 pm  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).The Board of Directors will propose to this effect to the Shareholders to approve the issuance of warrants.The convocation and all documents relating to the General Meeting of June 10  2024 are available on the website of EVS Broadcast Equipment at https://evs.com/en/corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'EVS', 'shareholders', 'June', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'gripping live sports images', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment SA', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'live video technology', 'new media productions', 'entire production process', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'new technologies', 'production teams', 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'attendance quorum', 'Liège', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'market requirements', 'market share', 'leading provider', 'entertainment shows', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '600 team members', 'technical support', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'EVS solutions', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'one industry', 'unanticipated events', 'Regulated information', 'public company', 'Publication', 'May', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'EVSB.', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'JUNE', 'lack', 'office', 'agenda', 'website', 'link', 'Board', 'Directors', 'effect', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'convocation', 'documents', 'corporate/corporate-governance', 'general-meetings', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'SRL', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'inability', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'date', 'occurrence', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'commitment', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment', '6:30', '12:00']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOTALENERGIES-SE-4717/news/TotalEnergies-says-it-is-examining-cross-listing-shares-in-U-S-46819278/,TotalEnergies says it is examining cross-listing shares in U.S,"(marketscreener.com) TotalEnergies said on Friday that it is studying plans to cross-list its shares in the United States  while also keeping its shares on the Euronext stock exchange. ""It's more a technical study  how to offer these shares to the American m…","PARIS (Reuters) - TotalEnergies said on Friday that it is studying plans to cross-list its shares in the United States  while also keeping its shares on the Euronext stock exchange.""It's more a technical study  how to offer these shares to the American market  while keeping our shares on Euronext  in Paris  in London  in Brussels  because the majority of our shareholders are European "" Chairman and Chief Executive Patrick Pouyanne told the company's annual shareholder meeting.""We'd like to do a cross-listing "" he added.Pouyanne said in April that TotalEnergies was ""seriously"" looking at a possible primary listing in New York to ensure easier access for U.S. investors  adding he would report back to the board by September. He has also pledged that the company would continue to be listed on the Paris stock market.(Reporting by Benjamin Mallet and America Hernandez; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.86,0.05,True,English,"['cross-listing shares', 'U.S', 'TotalEnergies', 'Chief Executive Patrick Pouyanne', 'annual shareholder meeting', 'possible primary listing', 'U.S. investors', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'Paris stock market', 'American market', 'United States', 'technical study', 'New York', 'easier access', 'Benjamin Mallet', 'America Hernandez', 'Sudip Kar-Gupta', 'Reuters', 'TotalEnergies', 'Friday', 'plans', 'shares', 'London', 'Brussels', 'majority', 'shareholders', 'Chairman', 'company', 'cross-listing', 'April', 'board', 'September', 'Editing']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ILLIMITY-BANK-S-P-A-55462615/news/Illimity-Bank-S-p-A-alongside-Mare-Group-as-Global-Coordinator-and-EGA-for-its-listing-on-the-EGM-46820377/,Illimity Bank S p A : alongside Mare Group as Global Coordinator and EGA for its listing on the EGM,(marketscreener.com)   ILLIMITY ALONGSIDE MARE GROUP AS GLOBAL COORDINATOR AND EGA FOR THE COMPANY IN ITS ADMISSION TO THE EURONEXT GROWTH MILAN STOCK MARKET   Milan  24 May 2024 - illimity Bank S.p.A. has acted as Euronext Growth Advisor and Global Coor…,"ILLIMITY ALONGSIDE MARE GROUP AS GLOBAL COORDINATOR AND EGA FOR THE COMPANY IN ITS ADMISSION TO THE EURONEXT GROWTH MILAN STOCK MARKETMilan  24 May 2024 - illimity Bank S.p.A. (""illimity"" or the ""Bank"") has acted as Euronext Growth Advisor (EGA) and Global Coordinator to Mare Group (""Mare Group"" or the ""Group""  ticker: MARE) as part of the process for its admission and subsequent listing on the Euronext Growth Milan market. The Group operates with large-scale industrial businesses working in the digital engineering field in Italy and abroad to create advanced technologies and make these accessible to SMEs.Mare Group S.p.A. (the ""Company"") today received approval for the admission of its ordinary shares to the Euronext Growth Milan market. Trading will begin on Tuesday  28 May.The placement amounts to ca. 7.2 million euro  with floating capital representing ca. 21.79% of the Company's total stock. The offering price has been set at 3.5 euro per share  with a resulting post-money capitalisation for Mare Group of over 42 million euro.Created in 2021 from an idea conceived by students and researchers at the Federico II University of Naples for providing engineering services to large-scale industrial businesses  Mare Group now operates along the entire innovation value chain  developing new technologies with these businesses and transferring them to SMEs to support them in their digital transformation and ecological transition. The Group has a unique and distinctive positioning on the market and puts significant emphasis on investments in R&D  also through M&A transactions  with over 10 operations concluded since 2019.Mare Group currently has three brands involved in developing innovative solutions in their respective fields: Mare Digital works in the digitalisation of large-scale businesses and public administration entities  Mare Consulting focuses on the innovation of SMEs using hyper- automated consultancy to improve their processes and maximise their competitiveness and Mare Industrial concentrates on engineering projects for a variety of industrial sectors in order to optimise operating efficiency and innovate products  processes and systems.The team coordinated by Fabiano Lionetti  Head of Investment Banking in illimity  has contributedamong other things - to valorising the equity story and distinctive elements of the Company's business project and growth plan.Today's operation  which forms part of illimity's Capital Markets activities  is the eleventh IPO on the EGM (Euronext Growth Milan market) that has been finalised by the Investment Banking Division since the start of operations.illimity Bank S.p.A.  Sede Legale Via Soperga 9  20124 Milano  Italia - www.illimity.com",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Illimity Bank S', 'Mare Group', 'Global Coordinator', 'EGA', 'listing', 'EGM', 'illimity Bank S.p.A.', 'Mare Group S.p.A.', 'EURONEXT GROWTH MILAN STOCK MARKET', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'entire innovation value chain', 'ILLIMITY ALONGSIDE MARE GROUP', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'M&A transactions', 'resulting post-money capitalisation', 'Federico II University', 'public administration entities', 'hyper- automated consultancy', 'Capital Markets activities', 'Investment Banking Division', 'digital engineering field', 'large-scale industrial businesses', 'growth plan', 'total stock', 'large-scale businesses', 'Mare Industrial', 'Mare Digital', 'floating capital', 'industrial sectors', 'Mare Consulting', 'engineering services', 'digital transformation', 'engineering projects', 'GLOBAL COORDINATOR', 'subsequent listing', 'advanced technologies', 'ordinary shares', 'offering price', 'new technologies', 'ecological transition', 'distinctive positioning', 'significant emphasis', 'R&D', 'three brands', 'innovative solutions', 'respective fields', 'operating efficiency', 'innovate products', 'Fabiano Lionetti', 'other things', 'equity story', 'distinctive elements', 'business project', 'eleventh IPO', 'Sede Legale', 'Via Soperga', 'The Group', '42 million euro', '3.5 euro', 'COMPANY', 'ITS', 'ADMISSION', 'May', 'ticker', 'part', 'process', 'Italy', 'SMEs', 'approval', 'Trading', 'Tuesday', 'placement', 'idea', 'students', 'researchers', 'Naples', 'unique', 'investments', '10 operations', 'digitalisation', 'competitiveness', 'variety', 'order', 'systems', 'team', 'Head', 'EGM', 'start', 'Milano', 'Italia']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACTIA-GROUP-5110/news/ACTIA-COMPLETES-THE-MERGER-WITH-STEEL-ELECTRONIQUE-46812884/,ACTIA : COMPLETES THE MERGER WITH STEEL ELECTRONIQUE,(marketscreener.com) Tel: +33 561 176198 - www.actia.com     1/1      Attachments   Original Link   Original Document   Permalink   Disclaimer Actia Group SA...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACTIA-GROUP-5110/news/ACTIA…,PRESS RELEASEToulouse  24 May 2024 at 7 amACTIA GROUP completes the merger with STEEL ELECTRONIQUEwithin the ACTIA AEROSPACE DivisionOn Thursday 23 May 2024  ACTIA Group and Diadem  the parent company of STEEL Electronique  completed their merger; the latter having been the subject of exclusive negotiations that began in September 2023.Integrated into the ACTIA Aerospace Division  STEEL Electronique  a well-known player in the field of aerospace  thus plays its part in the creation of a leading industrial entity for the supply of embedded electronics in the following sectors:AeronauticsAerospace and NewSpaceTelecommunications (ground and embedded for aerospace)Once again  ACTIA Aerospace thus demonstrates its ambition with an innovative approach committed to technological and industrial excellence involving 230 employees with prospective annual sales that would represent 10% of ACTIA Group's consolidated revenues.………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………ABOUT STEEL ElectroniqueFirmly positioned in the field of high technology  STEEL Electronique carries out the bulk of its activities in the field of space. STEEL Electronique is an SME employing around sixty people  half of whom are engineers specialising in the design (R&D)  development and production of electronic equipment and systems for space for over 40 years.With revenues of €7.1m in 2023  STEEL Electronique is a major player in the aerospace community  recognised as an equipment manufacturer in its own right  by both major customers in the aerospace sector (agencies and manufacturers) and other bodies or laboratories involved in aerospace projects.ABOUT ACTIAACTIA Group is a mid-market company (ETI) founded in 1986. It is at once family-owned and international and its head office is located in France. The family aspect guarantees the long-term future of the Group and its independence with an ever-present entrepreneurial spirit. ACTIA's business is to design and produce electronics to control systems in the particularly demanding fields of the automotive  rail  aeronautics  space  defence  energy and telecommunications industries.The commitments made by ACTIA are reflected in the Group's ambitious contributions to addressing societal issues: mobility  connectivity  safety and the environment. Control over the design and production of products bearing the ACTIA signature is a true guarantee of quality. Without exception  all Group employees share this belief in quality in a fully certified environment.ACTIA Group key figures2023 turnover: €579.3m.Over 4 000 employees around the world  of whom approximately 1 450 engineers and technicians working in R&D.Present in 17 countries.14 to 18% of revenue reinvested every year in R&D.STOCK EXCHANGESEuronext Growth ParisISIN FR0000076655 - Mnemonic: ALATI Reuters: MRSP.PA - Bloomberg: AIELF: FPIndices: Euronext Growth All Shares - Euronext Tech Croissance - Euronext Helios Space - Enternext PEA-PME 150 - GAÏA indexCONTACTSACTIA - Catherine Mallet - Tel: +33 (0)561 176198 - contact.invesisseurs@actia.frCALYPTUS - Marie Calleux - Tel: +33 (0)153 656868 - actia@calyptus.netDATES FOR THE DIARYAnnual General Meeting: Tuesday 28 May 2024 at 5 pmQ2 2024 turnover: Wednesday 7 August 2024 at 7 amH1 2024 results: Tuesday 24 September 2024 at 7 amPresentation of H1 2024 results: Wednesday 25 September 2024……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..…………….,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['STEEL ELECTRONIQUE', 'ACTIA', 'MERGER', 'DIARY Annual General Meeting', 'ACTIA Group key figures', 'prospective annual sales', 'present entrepreneurial spirit', 'GAÏA index', 'Euronext Tech Croissance', 'leading industrial entity', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Euronext Helios Space', 'ACTIA AEROSPACE Division', 'industrial excellence', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'STEEL ELECTRONIQUE', 'parent company', 'exclusive negotiations', 'following sectors', 'innovative approach', 'high technology', 'sixty people', 'R&D', 'electronic equipment', 'aerospace community', 'equipment manufacturer', 'major customers', 'aerospace sector', 'other bodies', 'aerospace projects', 'mid-market company', 'head office', 'family aspect', 'long-term future', 'demanding fields', 'ambitious contributions', 'societal issues', 'true guarantee', 'STOCK EXCHANGES', 'ALATI Reuters', 'FP Indices', 'Enternext PEA-PME', 'Catherine Mallet', 'Marie Calleux', 'H1 2024 results', 'ACTIA signature', 'Aeronautics Aerospace', 'consolidated revenues', 'major player', 'telecommunications industries', 'Q2 2024 turnover', 'Thursday 23 May', 'Group employees', '2023 turnover', '24 May', '230 employees', '4,000 employees', 'Toulouse', 'merger', 'Diadem', 'subject', 'September', 'part', 'creation', 'supply', 'electronics', 'NewSpace', 'ambition', 'technological', 'bulk', 'activities', 'SME', 'engineers', 'design', 'development', 'production', 'systems', '40 years', 'right', 'agencies', 'manufacturers', 'laboratories', 'ABOUT', 'France', 'independence', 'business', 'automotive', 'rail', 'defence', 'energy', 'commitments', 'mobility', 'connectivity', 'safety', 'environment', 'Control', 'products', 'quality', 'exception', 'belief', 'world', 'technicians', '17 countries', 'ISIN', 'Mnemonic', 'MRSP', 'Bloomberg', 'AIELF', 'Shares', 'CONTACTS', 'invesisseurs', 'CALYPTUS', 'DATES', 'Tuesday', 'Wednesday', 'August', 'Presentation', '5']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/EVS-invites-Its-shareholders-to-an-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-on-June-10-2024-46812727/,EVS invites Its shareholders to an Extraordinary General Meeting on June 10  2024,(marketscreener.com) Publication on May 24  2024  at 6:30 am before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON JUNE 10  2024 As a…,Publication on May 24  2024  at 6:30 am before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON JUNE 10  2024As already communicated on May 21  2024  due to the lack of attendance quorum  the Extraordinary General Meeting of EVS Broadcast Equipment SA convened on May 21  2024 is postponed to June 10  2024  at 12:00 pm  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).The Board of Directors will propose to this effect to the Shareholders to approve the issuance of warrants.The convocation and all documents relating to the General Meeting of June 10  2024 are available on the website of EVS Broadcast Equipment at https://evs.com/en/corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com .Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'EVS', 'shareholders', 'June', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'gripping live sports images', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment SA', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'live video technology', 'new media productions', 'entire production process', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'new technologies', 'production teams', 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'attendance quorum', 'Liège', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'market requirements', 'market share', 'leading provider', 'entertainment shows', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '600 team members', 'technical support', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'EVS solutions', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'one industry', 'unanticipated events', 'Regulated information', 'public company', 'Publication', 'May', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'EVSB.', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'JUNE', 'lack', 'office', 'agenda', 'website', 'link', 'Board', 'Directors', 'effect', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'convocation', 'documents', 'corporate/corporate-governance', 'general-meetings', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'SRL', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'inability', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'date', 'occurrence', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'commitment', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment', '6:30', '12:00']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EKINOPS-13006398/news/Ekinops-celebrates-the-opening-of-its-new-headquarters-and-R-D-hub-for-optical-transport-activities-46818188/,Ekinops celebrates the opening of its new headquarters and R&D hub for optical transport activities in Lannion,(marketscreener.com) a public company traded on the Euronext Paris exchange operates on four continents.Name: EkinopsISIN Code: FR0011466069Mnemonic code: EKINumber of shares: 26 994 049For more information  visit https://www.ekinops.com/Photo: https://…,"LANNION  France  May 24  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of optical transport and enterprise connectivity solutions  is pleased to announce the opening of its new head office in Lannion (Brittany).These new premises reflect the Group's growth over the last twenty years  both in terms of sales and staff numbers  and the subsequent need for appropriate space for all activities centered around innovation  software development  production of cutting-edge equipment and telecom operators training.Welcoming more than a hundred employees  Ekinops' new headquarters in Lannion occupies a 20 000 m² site  ideally located at the heart of France's historic center of telecommunications technologies. The building meets the need for shared workspaces  but also meets strong environmental standards with improved energy-efficiency.The project  supported by the Lannion-Trégor Communauté organization  has led to the renovation of an existing 3 700 m² building  turning it into a new flagship for telecommunications innovation.""The long-standing partnership between Lannion-Trégor Communauté and Ekinops illustrates our commitment to accompanying and supporting the growth of innovative companies in the region. We are proud to provide Ekinops with a modern  innovation-friendly infrastructure "" says Gervais Egault  President of Lannion-Trégor Communauté.""We are very proud of these new premises. They perfectly reflect our ambitions for the future. The opening of this new building gives us the opportunity to look back over the last twenty years and celebrate the boldness and tenacity of the group's founders  François Xavier Ollivier and Jean-Luc Pamart."" added Didier Brédy  Chief Executive Officer of Ekinops.The Ekinops Group has a number of subsidiaries around the world: Ekinops France  based around Paris in Massy (France)  Ekinops Corp. in Rockville  Maryland (United States)  Ekinops Brasil in Campinas (Brazil)  and other entities in Germany  Spain  Australia  India  Canada and Belgium. Ekinops' research and development is spread across 7 R&D sites: 5 in EMEA (Lannion  Sophia Antipolis  Massy  Leuven and Geneva)  1 in Brazil (Campinas) and 1 in India (Bangalore). In addition to its R&D hubs  the Group has commercial representation in more than 10 countries  including Australia  Sweden  Poland  the United Arab Emirates  Kenya  Kazakhstan and the United Kingdom. Through its global footprint  Ekinops provides support services to its customers internationally and now has customers in over 70 countries.ContactFor further media information  or to schedule an interview with Ekinops  please contact Yash Raveendra  iseepr +44(0) 113 350 1922 / yash@iseepr.co.ukAbout EkinopsEkinops is a leading provider of open  trusted and innovative network connectivity solutions to service providers around the world. Our programmable and highly scalable solutions enable the fast  flexible  and cost-effective deployment of new services for both high-speed  high-capacity optical transport as well as virtualization-enabled managed enterprise services.Our product portfolio consists of three highly complementary product and service sets: EKINOPS360  OneAccess and Compose.EKINOPS360 provides optical transport solutions for metro  regional and long-distance networks with WDM for high-capacity point-to-point  ring  and optical mesh architectures  and OTN for improved bandwidth utilization and efficient multi-service aggregation.OneAccess offers a wide choice of physical and virtualized deployment options for Layer 2 and Layer 3 access network functions.Compose supports service providers in making their networks software-defined with a variety of software management tools and services  including the scalable SD-WAN Xpress and SixSq Edge-to-Cloud solutions.As service providers embrace SDN and NFV deployment models  Ekinops enables future-proofed deployment today  enabling operators to seamlessly migrate to an open  virtualized delivery model at a time of their choosing.A global organization  Ekinops (EKI) - a public company traded on the Euronext Paris exchange operates on four continents.Name: EkinopsISIN Code: FR0011466069Mnemonic code: EKINumber of shares: 26 994 049For more information  visit https://www.ekinops.com/Photo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2420997/Ekinops.jpgView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-celebrates-the-opening-of-its-new-headquarters-and-rd-hub-for-optical-transport-activities-in-lannion-302154616.htmlSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['R&D hub', 'optical transport activities', 'new headquarters', 'Ekinops', 'opening', 'Lannion', 'François Xavier Ollivier', 'three highly complementary product', 'Layer 3 access network functions', 'open, virtualized delivery model', 'virtualization-enabled managed enterprise services', 'innovative network connectivity solutions', 'Lannion-Trégor Communauté organization', 'high-speed, high-capacity optical transport', 'enterprise connectivity solutions', 'highly scalable solutions', 'last twenty years', 'a hundred employees', 'strong environmental standards', 'modern, innovation-friendly infrastructure', 'Didier Brédy', 'Chief Executive Officer', '7 R&D sites', 'R&D hubs', 'optical transport solutions', 'optical mesh architectures', 'efficient multi-service aggregation', 'virtualized deployment options', 'scalable SD-WAN Xpress', 'software management tools', 'NFV deployment models', 'United Arab Emirates', 'new head office', 'telecom operators training', 'existing 3,700 m² building', 'Euronext Paris exchange', ""Ekinops' new headquarters"", 'The Ekinops Group', 'innovative companies', 'open, trusted', 'product portfolio', 'Cloud solutions', 'global organization', 'new services', '20,000 m² site', 'cost-effective deployment', 'high-capacity point', 'future-proofed deployment', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'new premises', 'new flagship', 'new building', 'support services', 'leading supplier', 'staff numbers', 'appropriate space', 'software development', 'cutting-edge equipment', 'historic center', 'telecommunications technologies', 'shared workspaces', 'long-standing partnership', 'Gervais Egault', 'Jean-Luc Pamart', 'other entities', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'commercial representation', 'global footprint', 'Yash Raveendra', 'leading provider', 'service providers', 'service sets', 'metro, regional', 'bandwidth utilization', 'wide choice', 'SixSq Edge', 'public company', 'four continents', 'ISIN Code', 'Mnemonic code', 'original content', 'subsequent need', 'telecommunications innovation', 'media information', 'long-distance networks', 'Ekinops Corp.', 'Ekinops Brasil', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'Ekinops France', 'Layer 2', 'PRNewswire', 'opening', 'Brittany', 'growth', 'terms', 'sales', 'activities', 'production', 'heart', 'energy-efficiency', 'project', 'renovation', 'commitment', 'President', 'ambitions', 'opportunity', 'boldness', 'tenacity', 'founders', 'subsidiaries', 'world', 'Massy', 'Rockville', 'Maryland', 'Campinas', 'Brazil', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'Australia', 'India', 'Canada', 'Belgium', 'research', 'EMEA', 'Leuven', 'Geneva', 'Bangalore', 'addition', '10 countries', 'Sweden', 'Poland', 'Kenya', 'Kazakhstan', 'customers', '70 countries', 'Contact', 'interview', 'iseepr', 'programmable', 'EKINOPS360', 'OneAccess', 'Compose', 'WDM', 'ring', 'OTN', 'physical', 'variety', 'SDN', 'time', 'choosing', 'Name', 'shares', 'Photo', 'news-releases', 'new-headquarters']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Norway-s-Jordanes-calls-off-stock-exchange-listing-46820609/,Norway's Jordanes calls off stock exchange listing,(marketscreener.com) Norway's Jordanes ASA cancelledits planned initial public offering on Friday and said marketconditions were not as expected. The company had said in April it planned to raise 1.5billion Norwegian crowns through a share saleand to lis…,OSLO  May 24 (Reuters) - Norway's Jordanes ASA cancelled its planned initial public offering on Friday and said market conditions were not as expected.The company had said in April it planned to raise 1.5 billion Norwegian crowns ($141.9 million) through a share sale and to list on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange.Jordanes owns or operates a range of consumer brands including food and snacks  personal care  beauty  sports nutrition and restaurants  and has more than 2 700 employees in the Scandinavian region  the group has said. ($1 = 10.5680 Norwegian crowns) (Reporting by Terje Solsvik in Oslo Editing by Matthew Lewis),neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.05,0.37,0.57,True,English,"['stock exchange listing', 'Norway', 'Jordanes', 'Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange', 'initial public offering', '1.5 billion Norwegian crowns', '10.5680 Norwegian crowns', 'Oslo Editing', 'market conditions', 'share sale', 'consumer brands', 'personal care', 'sports nutrition', 'Scandinavian region', 'Terje Solsvik', 'Matthew Lewis', 'Jordanes ASA', 'Reuters', 'Norway', 'Friday', 'company', 'April', 'range', 'food', 'snacks', 'beauty', 'restaurants', '2,700 employees', 'group']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONTEX-GROUP-NV-16751532/news/Ontex-launches-Stop-Lock-Anti-Leak-technology-for-enhanced-baby-comfort-and-protection-46813001/,Ontex launches Stop&Lock Anti-Leak technology for enhanced baby comfort and protection,(marketscreener.com) Aalst  Belgium  May 24  2024 – Ontex Group NV [EURONEXT: ONTEX]  a leading international developer and producer of personal care solutions  is proud to announce the introduction of its innovative Stop&Lock Anti-Leak technology in baby car…,"Aalst  Belgium  May 24  2024 – Ontex Group NV [EURONEXT: ONTEX]  a leading international developer and producer of personal care solutions  is proud to announce the introduction of its innovative Stop&Lock Anti-Leak technology in baby care. The Ontex innovation entails the introduction of front and back barriers in newborn and mini sizes of baby diapers  which Ontex produces for retailer partners.Ontex Stop&Lock Anti-Leak technology has been successfully introduced in selected baby diapers in North America and will be launched at a major European retailer in June. Along with leg barriers  Stop&Lock Anti-Leak technology provides 360-degree leakage protection to contain ’poo explosions ’ a common issue with newborns fed on breastmilk or formula. This enhances baby comfort and eases parental concerns about major leaks  an important consumer motivator according to research.A 2024 panel test1 in Europe indicates that 20% of parents surveyed expressed concern about these significant diaper leaks  with many reporting that leaks disrupt outings  as well as their baby’s sleep and play. In response  Ontex front & back barriers ensure 4-side leak protection from both urine and liquid stool. This feature of Ontex Stop&Lock Anti-Leak technology is designed to significantly reduce the need for frequent and complete outfit changes due to leakage incidents.Annick De Poorter  Chief Innovation & Sustainability Officer at Ontex  commented  ""I am proud that we are making everyday life easier for parents with technology that is helpful and affordable at the same time. I am confident our retail partners will appreciate this  which brings us closer to our strategic vision to be their leading partner across Europe and North America.""For additional information about Ontex and its products  go to ontex.com .***Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 53 33 36 20 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of personal care products for retailers and healthcare  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through retailers and healthcare providers. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 17 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .ONTEX GROUP NV Korte Keppestraat 21 9320 Erembodegem (Aalst) 0550.880.915 RPR Ghent – Division Dendermonde  Belgium1 Panel home use test (sequential monadic) with 100 baby boys & girls organized by IPI in Germany  January 2024 – March 2024.Attachments",neutral,0.22,0.76,0.01,mixed,0.55,0.24,0.21,True,English,"['Stop&Lock Anti-Leak technology', 'baby comfort', 'Ontex', 'enhanced', 'protection', 'innovative Stop&Lock Anti-Leak technology', 'Ontex Stop&Lock Anti-Leak technology', '1 Panel home use test', 'important consumer motivator', '4-side leak protection', 'complete outfit changes', 'Annick De Poorter', 'leading international developer', '360-degree leakage protection', 'personal care solutions', 'major European retailer', 'significant diaper leaks', 'Ontex Group NV', 'The Ontex innovation', 'personal care products', 'innovative products', '2024 panel test1', 'leading partner', 'retailer partners', 'major leaks', 'leakage incidents', 'Chief Innovation', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'baby care', 'back barriers', 'mini sizes', 'North America', 'leg barriers', 'poo explosions', 'common issue', 'parental concerns', 'many reporting', 'liquid stool', 'Sustainability Officer', 'everyday life', 'same time', 'retail partners', 'strategic vision', 'additional information', 'Contact information', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Maarten Verbanck', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'Korte Keppestraat', 'RPR Ghent', 'Division Dendermonde', 'sequential monadic', 'ontex.com', 'baby diapers', 'baby comfort', '100 baby boys', 'healthcare providers', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Ontex front', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'producer', 'introduction', 'newborn', 'June', 'breastmilk', 'formula', 'research', 'parents', 'outings', 'sleep', 'play', 'response', 'urine', 'feature', 'need', 'frequent', 'Investors', 'relations', 'ontexglobal', 'Media', 'communications', 'retailers', 'expertise', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'world', 'presence', '17 countries', 'headquarters', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', '9320 Erembodegem', 'girls', 'IPI', 'Germany', 'January', 'March', 'Attachments']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46813108/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 24-May-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST24 May 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 23rd of May 2024 it purchased…,"24 May 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 23rd of May 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 65 000 35 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7360 £1.4780 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7140 £1.4620 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7220 £1.4689The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 646 026 331 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 4 827 1.7140 XDUB 09:36:53 00028923340TRDU1 4 646 1.7140 XDUB 10:16:47 00028923726TRDU1 4 375 1.7160 XDUB 10:43:23 00028923862TRDU1 25 1.7180 XDUB 11:47:21 00028924673TRDU1 52 1.7180 XDUB 11:47:21 00028924674TRDU1 313 1.7200 XDUB 11:49:17 00028924690TRDU1 1 600 1.7200 XDUB 11:50:59 00028924702TRDU1 2 208 1.7180 XDUB 11:57:49 00028924770TRDU1 2 219 1.7180 XDUB 11:57:49 00028924769TRDU1 2 169 1.7240 XDUB 12:35:51 00028925193TRDU1 2 147 1.7240 XDUB 12:35:51 00028925192TRDU1 2 110 1.7220 XDUB 13:29:55 00028925589TRDU1 4 249 1.7220 XDUB 13:29:55 00028925586TRDU1 2 477 1.7220 XDUB 14:21:17 00028926033TRDU1 104 1.7200 XDUB 14:38:51 00028926391TRDU1 252 1.7200 XDUB 14:38:51 00028926390TRDU1 3 494 1.7200 XDUB 14:38:51 00028926389TRDU1 815 1.7200 XDUB 14:38:51 00028926388TRDU1 1 468 1.7200 XDUB 14:38:51 00028926387TRDU1 1 287 1.7200 XDUB 14:38:51 00028926386TRDU1 1 468 1.7200 XDUB 14:38:51 00028926385TRDU1 1 544 1.7360 XDUB 15:08:08 00028927176TRDU1 5 354 1.7340 XDUB 15:08:12 00028927182TRDU1 625 1.7280 XDUB 15:41:39 00028927634TRDU1 1 500 1.7280 XDUB 15:41:39 00028927633TRDU1 1 468 1.7240 XDUB 15:41:39 00028927637TRDU1 45 1.7240 XDUB 15:41:39 00028927636TRDU1 1 468 1.7240 XDUB 15:41:39 00028927635TRDU1 1 468 1.7240 XDUB 15:41:39 00028927638TRDU1 1 468 1.7240 XDUB 15:41:39 00028927639TRDU1 548 1.7240 XDUB 15:41:39 00028927640TRDU1 1 317 1.7220 XDUB 16:16:39 00028928368TRDU1 5 010 1.7260 XDUB 16:22:51 00028928478TRDU1 880 1.7260 XDUB 16:22:51 00028928477TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'transaction Transaction Reference Number', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Shares Price', '646,026,331 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'May', '23rd', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028923340TRDU1', '00028923726TRDU1', '00028923862TRDU1', '00028924673TRDU1', '00028924674TRDU1', '00028924690TRDU1', '00028924702TRDU1', '00028924770TRDU1', '00028924769TRDU1', '00028925193TRDU1', '00028925192TRDU1', '00028925589TRDU1', '00028925586TRDU1', '00028926033TRDU1', '00028926391TRDU1', '00028926390TRDU1', '00028926389TRDU1', '00028926388TRDU1', '00028926387TRDU1', '00028926386TRDU1', '00028926385TRDU1', '00028927176TRDU1', '00028927182TRDU1', '00028927634TRDU1', '00028927633TRDU1', '00028927637TRDU1', '00028927636TRDU1', '00028927635TRDU1', '00028927638TRDU1', '00028927639TRDU1', '00028927640TRDU1', '00028928368TRDU1', '00028928478TRDU1', '00028928477TRDU1']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-The-minutes-of-ordinary-and-extraordinary-Shareholders-Meeting-46817677/,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : The minutes of ordinary and extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of April 29  2024 is available,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   an independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  a…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  an independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  announces that the minutes of the ordinary and extraordinary shareholders' meeting of April 29  2024 is available at the Company's registered office  on 1Info Storage (www.1info.it) system and is available on the company web site www.tipspa.itsection ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meetings/Minutes"".Milan  May 24  2024TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW AND WITH A LONG-TERM APPROACH  OF STRATEGIC SUPPORT AND GROWTH IN VALUE. CURRENTLY TIP HAS DIRECT OR INDIRECT INTEREST IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  APOTECA NATURA  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BASICNET  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DEXELANCE  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA  VIANOVA AND ZEST.CONTACTS: ALESSANDRA GRITTICEO - INVESTOR RELATORTEL  02 8858801 MAIL: GRITTI@TAMBURI.ITTHIS PRESS RELEASE IS ALSO AVAILABLE ON THE COMPANY'S WEB SITE WWW.TIPSPA.IT AND DISCLOSED BY 1INFO SDIR AND 1INFO STORAGE SYSTEM (WWW.1INFO.IT).",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', ""extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'minutes', 'April', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'several excellent entrepreneurial companies', 'diversified industrial group', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meetings"", 'UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING', 'WEB SITE WWW', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'ALESSANDRA GRITTI CEO', 'company web site', '1INFO STORAGE SYSTEM', 'TAMBURI.IT', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', 'WWW.1INFO', '1INFO SDIR', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'registered office', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'TODAY VALUES', 'LONG-TERM APPROACH', 'STRATEGIC SUPPORT', 'INDIRECT INTEREST', 'APOTECA NATURA', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'TALENT GARDEN', 'INVESTOR RELATOR', 'TIPSPA.IT', 'independent', 'minutes', 'April', 'itsection', 'May', 'INVESTED', 'VIEW', 'GROWTH', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BASICNET', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DEXELANCE', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'ZEST', 'CONTACTS', 'MAIL']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41583,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4122097.html,Designing a Recruitment Approach to Foster Disability Inclusion,Committed to making inclusion a reality  hotels across our network have designed their recruitment processes to meet the needs of people with disabilities – such as autism-inclusive initiatives at the Fairmont Tremblant and the Fairmont the Queen Elizabeth in…,Committed to making inclusion a reality  hotels across our network have designed their recruitment processes to meet the needs of people with disabilities – such as autism-inclusive initiatives at the Fairmont Tremblant and the Fairmont the Queen Elizabeth in Canada.Embedding Diversity  Equity & Inclusion at Accor takes many different forms  from social  ethnic  racial and cultural diversity to LGBTQI+ inclusion  and gender diversity and equality. It also means ensuring people with disabilities feel welcome at work. As well as raising awareness  we aim to provide a welcoming culture and meaningful opportunities to support the personal and professional development of people with disabilities. This commitment comes alive through pioneering initiatives both on a global scale and locally  as hotel teams strive to accommodate specific needs within the community.Opportunities  Integration and a Sense of Purpose at the Fairmont Tremblant & the Fairmont the Queen Elizabeth  CanadaUnder the impetus of Anne Marie Johns  General Manager of the Fairmont Tremblant  the hotel along with the Fairmont the Queen Elizabeth have developed a partnership with Giant Steps – a Canadian NGO that is at the forefront of autism and education. In 2022  the two hotels launched a project dedicated to the professional integration of individuals with autism spectrum disorders. This kind of project has potential to transform lives – for autistic individuals but also the people around them. So far  12 new members have joined the hotel teams as part of the initiative  supported by job coaches from Giant Steps. The project not only enhances the inclusivity in the workplace but also fosters a sense of purpose among existing team members  who warmly welcome these individuals into their new roles.The two hotels are blazing a path as the first in Canada to deploy a dedicated program  while also ensuring that guests with autism spectrum disorders and their families have a positive experience during their stay. Moving forwards  the objectif is to extend the pilot project to other Fairmont properties in Canada.Reinforcing our Commitment towards the Inclusion of People with DisabilitiesTo take our commitment a step further  in April we launched a new partnership with French organization Agefiph. 14 apprentices with disabilities trained by Simplon  a start-up that specializes in training in digital jobs  are taking part in an 18-month apprenticeship across several tech business units of the Group (Accor Digital & Business Factory  Accor Tech  D-Edge  Paris Society  Wojo  GEKKO). In addition  Accor has set up a dedicated interface between Accor Careers website and the specialized Agefiph site  facilitating access to professional opportunities for people with disabilities.— Source: AccorFind out More about Our Culture of InclusionAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.57,0.32,0.11,True,English,"['Recruitment Approach', 'Disability Inclusion', 'several tech business units', 'world leading hospitality group', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'many different forms', 'social, ethnic, racial', 'Anne Marie Johns', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'existing team members', 'autism spectrum disorders', 'specialized Agefiph site', 'Accor Careers website', 'other Fairmont properties', 'Business Factory', 'business ethics', '12 new members', 'Accor Tech', 'The Group', 'recruitment processes', 'autism-inclusive initiatives', 'Queen Elizabeth', 'professional development', 'pioneering initiatives', 'global scale', 'General Manager', 'Giant Steps', 'Canadian NGO', 'job coaches', 'new roles', 'dedicated program', 'positive experience', 'French organization', 'digital jobs', '18-month apprenticeship', 'Paris Society', 'dedicated interface', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'Embedding Diversity', 'cultural diversity', 'gender diversity', 'hotel teams', '45 hotel brands', 'Fairmont Tremblant', 'meaningful opportunities', 'two hotels', 'professional opportunities', 'welcoming culture', 'specific needs', 'professional integration', 'new partnership', 'community outreach', 'Accor Digital', 'Accor SA', 'autistic individuals', 'pilot project', 'LGBTQI+ inclusion', '5,500 properties', 'reality', 'network', 'people', 'disabilities', 'Canada', 'Equity', 'equality', 'awareness', 'personal', 'commitment', 'Sense', 'Purpose', 'impetus', 'forefront', 'education', 'kind', 'potential', 'lives', 'inclusivity', 'workplace', 'path', 'guests', 'families', 'stay', 'objectif', 'April', '14 apprentices', 'Simplon', 'start-up', 'training', 'D-Edge', 'Wojo', 'GEKKO', 'addition', 'access', 'Source', 'experiences', '110 countries', '10,000 food', 'industry', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,hospitalitynet.org
41584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELEPERFORMANCE-SE-4709/news/Teleperformance-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-May-23-2024-46813105/,Teleperformance: Combined Shareholders' Meeting of May 23  2024,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Teleperformance SE’s Combined General Meeting was held on May 23  2024 in Paris under the chairmanship of Daniel Julien  Chairman and CEO of the Group.Shareholders adopted all the resolutions submitted to their vote…,Regulatory News:Teleperformance SE’s (Paris:TEP) Combined General Meeting was held on May 23  2024 in Paris under the chairmanship of Daniel Julien  Chairman and CEO of the Group.Shareholders adopted all the resolutions submitted to their vote.They notably approved:the 2023 parent company and consolidated financial statements;the proposed dividend of €3.85 per share: the ex-dividend date is May 28  2024 and the payment date is May 30  2024;the renewal of the authorization granted to the Board of Directors to repurchase the Company’s own shares within the limit of 10% of the number of shares comprising the share capital;the renewal of the terms of office of two directors: Mr. Daniel Julien and Mr. Alain Boulet;the ratification of the provisional appointment of Mrs. Brigitte Daubry  Mr. Moulay Hafid Elalamy and Mr. Kevin Niu as directors. These appointments will continue to strengthen the Board’s diversity in terms of experience  expertise  notably in Artificial Intelligence  and nationalities; the appointment of Mr. Moulay Hafid Elalamy  chairman and founder of Saham Group  also reflects the confidence and long-term commitment of Majorel's former shareholders in the integration and future success of the “New Teleperformance”;the remuneration of directors and corporate officers as well as their remuneration policy.The approval of all the resolutions presented at the General Meeting* reflects the Group’s ongoing commitment to meet the expectations of its shareholders and adopt best practices in corporate governance.* Voting results will be available soon on Teleperformance’s corporate website (www.teleperformance.com – Investors / General Meetings section).Indicative investor calendarEx-dividend date: May 28  2024 Dividend payment: May 30  2024 First-half 2024 results: July 30  2024 Thirst-quarter 2024 revenue: November 6  2024About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world’s biggest brands and their customers. The Group’s comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group’s local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on X (Twitter): @teleperformanceView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240523816443/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.54,0.44,0.01,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Teleperformance', 'May', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'Mr. Moulay Hafid Elalamy', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'deferred settlement service', 'digital business services', 'Mr. Alain Boulet', 'Mr. Kevin Niu', 'Mrs. Brigitte Daubry', 'Indicative investor calendar', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'General Meetings section', 'Mr. Daniel Julien', 'Euronext Paris market', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Combined General Meeting', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'corporate officers', 'corporate governance', 'corporate website', 'Regulatory News', 'financial statements', 'ex-dividend date', 'payment date', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'long-term commitment', 'future success', 'ongoing commitment', 'best practices', 'Voting results', 'First-half 2024 results', 'Thirst-quarter 2024 revenue', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'source version', '2023 parent company', 'share capital', 'provisional appointment', 'Saham Group', 'remuneration policy', '2024 Dividend payment', 'TEP FP', 'The Group', 'Teleperformance SE', 'New Teleperformance', 'former shareholders', 'two directors', 'Teleperformance Group', 'Teleperformance shares', 'May', 'chairmanship', 'CEO', 'resolutions', 'vote', 'renewal', 'authorization', 'Board', 'limit', 'number', 'terms', 'ratification', 'appointments', 'diversity', 'experience', 'expertise', 'nationalities', 'founder', 'confidence', 'Majorel', 'integration', 'approval', 'expectations', 'Investors', 'July', 'November', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'teams', 'advisors', 'close', '100 countries', 'force', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'STOXX', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', 'businesswire']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/24/financial-survey-digital-realty-trust-nysedlr-and-klepierre-otcmktsklpef/,Financial Survey: Digital Realty Trust (NYSE:DLR) and Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF),Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF – Get Free Report) and Digital Realty Trust (NYSE:DLR – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the superior investment? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their dividends  risk  analyst reco…,Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF – Get Free Report) and Digital Realty Trust (NYSE:DLR – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the superior investment? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their dividends  risk  analyst recommendations  earnings  valuation  profitability and institutional ownership.ProfitabilityThis table compares Klépierre and Digital Realty Trust’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Get Klépierre alerts:Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Klépierre N/A N/A N/A Digital Realty Trust 21.24% 6.37% 2.72%Volatility & RiskKlépierre has a beta of 1.46  suggesting that its stock price is 46% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  Digital Realty Trust has a beta of 0.55  suggesting that its stock price is 45% less volatile than the S&P 500.Analyst RecommendationsSell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Klépierre 1 2 0 0 1.67 Digital Realty Trust 2 7 7 1 2.41This is a breakdown of current ratings and recommmendations for Klépierre and Digital Realty Trust  as reported by MarketBeat.Digital Realty Trust has a consensus target price of $142.65  suggesting a potential upside of 0.27%. Given Digital Realty Trust’s stronger consensus rating and higher possible upside  analysts clearly believe Digital Realty Trust is more favorable than Klépierre.Institutional & Insider Ownership99.7% of Digital Realty Trust shares are held by institutional investors. 0.2% of Digital Realty Trust shares are held by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds  large money managers and endowments believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.Valuation & EarningsThis table compares Klépierre and Digital Realty Trust’s revenue  earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Klépierre $1.62 billion N/A $208.54 million N/A N/A Digital Realty Trust $5.48 billion 8.12 $948.84 million $3.60 39.52Digital Realty Trust has higher revenue and earnings than Klépierre.SummaryDigital Realty Trust beats Klépierre on 11 of the 12 factors compared between the two stocks.About Klépierre(Get Free Report)Klépierre SA is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company's portfolio is valued at 19.3 billion at December 31  2023  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host hundreds of millions of visitors per year. Klépierre SA holds a controlling stake in Steen & Strøm (56.1%)  Scandinavia's number one shopping center owner and manager. Klépierre SA is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  Euronext CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP's A-list. These distinctions underscore the Group's commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.About Digital Realty Trust(Get Free Report)Digital Realty brings companies and data together by delivering the full spectrum of data center  colocation  and interconnection solutions. PlatformDIGITAL  the company's global data center platform  provides customers with a secure data meeting place and a proven Pervasive Datacenter Architecture (PDx) solution methodology for powering innovation and efficiently managing Data Gravity challenges. Digital Realty gives its customers access to the connected data communities that matter to them with a global data center footprint of 300+ facilities in 50+ metros across 25+ countries on six continents.Receive News & Ratings for Klépierre Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Klépierre and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.71,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['Digital Realty Trust', 'Financial Survey', 'Klépierre', 'NYSE', 'DLR', 'OTCMKTS', 'KLPEF', 'Klépierre N/A N/A N/A Digital Realty Trust', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Klépierre', 'number one shopping center owner', 'proven Pervasive Datacenter Architecture', 'EPRA Euro Zone Indexes', 'proactive sustainable development policy', 'secure data meeting place', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders', 'Digital Realty Trust shares', 'global data center platform', 'global data center footprint', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Get Klépierre alerts', 'stronger consensus rating', 'Earnings Ratio Klépierre', 'Klépierre Daily', 'Get Free Report', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'large shopping centers', 'Klépierre SA', 'large money managers', 'asset management skills', 'PDx) solution methodology', 'Data Gravity challenges', 'connected data communities', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'Euronext CAC SBT', 'consensus target price', 'concise daily summary', 'higher possible upside', 'Net Income Earnings', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'Net Margins Return', 'shopping malls', 'global leadership', 'Sales Ratio', 'property development', 'Continental Europe', 'ethical indexes', 'email address', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC Next', 'potential upside', 'higher revenue', 'Sell Ratings', 'current ratings', 'Insider Ownership', 'stock price', 'OTCMKTS:KLPEF', 'NYSE:DLR', 'superior investment', 'two businesses', 'analyst recommendations', 'S&P 500', 'institutional investors', 'hedge funds', 'long term', 'two stocks', 'European leader', 'controlling stake', 'Strøm', 'French REIT', 'climate change', 'full spectrum', 'interconnection solutions', '300+ facilities', '50+ metros', 'six continents', ""analysts' ratings"", 'Share Price', 'finance companies', 'company insiders', 'The Company', 'related companies', '25+ countries', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Equity Return', '10 countries', 'strength', 'dividends', 'risk', 'valuation', 'profitability', 'table', 'assets', 'Volatility', 'beta', 'breakdown', 'recommmendations', 'indication', 'endowments', 'EPS', '12 factors', 'portfolio', 'December', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'visitors', 'year', 'Steen', 'Scandinavia', 'SIIC', 'FTSE4Good', 'features', 'CDP', 'A-list', 'distinctions', 'Group', 'commitment', 'fight', 'colocation', 'PlatformDIGITAL', 'customers', 'innovation', 'access']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,etfdailynews.com
41586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RETAIL-ESTATES-SA-6019/news/Retail-Estates-24-05-2024-Convocation-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-12-June-2024-46812808/,Retail Estates : 24/05/2024 - Convocation Extraordinary General Meeting of 12 June 2024,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   Regulated information   Ternat  24 May 2024  7 a.m.   CONVOCATION EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING   1     CONVOCATION EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING   As the legally required attendance quorum...https:…,All documents related to this extraordinary general meeting are available on the company's website.As the legally required attendance quorum was not reached at the extraordinary general meeting of 23 May 2024  Retail Estates invites the shareholders  bondholders  directors and statutory auditor to attend a new extraordinary general meeting on Wednesday 12 June 2024 at 11 am at the registered office of the company (1740 Ternat  Industrielaan 6).About Retail Estates nvThe Belgian public real estate investment trust Retail Estates nv is a niche player specialised in making out-of town retail properties located on the periphery of residential areas or along main access roads to urban centres available to users. Retail Estates NV acquires these real estate properties from third parties or builds and commercialises retail buildings for its own account. The buildings have useful areas ranging between 500 m² and 3 000 m². A typical retail building has an average area of 1 000 m² in Belgium and 1 500 m² in the Netherlands.As of 31 December 2023  Retail Estates nv has 1 025 rental units in its portfolio with a total retail area of 1 234 904 m²  spread over Belgium and the Netherlands. The occupancy rate of the entire portfolio was 97.92% on 31 December 2023. The fair value of the consolidated real estate portfolio of Retail Estates NV as at 31 December 2023 is estimated at € 2 010.63 million by independent real estate experts.Retail Estates NV is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam and is registered as a public regulated real estate company.Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains a number of forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which may lead to actual results being materially different from the results which might be assumed in this press release on the basis of such forward-looking statements. Major factors that may influence these results include changes in the economic situation  commercial  tax-related and environmental factors.Ternat  24 mei 2024Jan De Nys  CEO of Retail Estates nvMore information:Jan De Nys  CEO - tel. +32 (0)2 568 10 20 of +32 (0)475 27 84 12Kara De Smet  CFO - tel. +32 (0)2 568 10 20,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Convocation Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Retail Estates', '12 June', 'The Belgian public real estate investment trust Retail Estates nv', 'public regulated real estate company', 'independent real estate experts', 'consolidated real estate portfolio', 'new extraordinary general meeting', 'real estate properties', 'typical retail building', 'main access roads', 'Jan De Nys', 'Kara De Smet', 'total retail area', 'retail properties', 'retail buildings', 'average area', 'entire portfolio', 'attendance quorum', 'statutory auditor', 'Wednesday 12 June', 'registered office', 'niche player', 'residential areas', 'urban centres', 'third parties', 'useful areas', '1,025 rental units', 'occupancy rate', 'fair value', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'Such statements', 'Major factors', 'economic situation', 'environmental factors', 'More information', 'actual results', 'documents', 'website', '23 May', 'shareholders', 'bondholders', 'directors', '11 am', '40 Ternat', 'Industrielaan', 'town', 'periphery', 'users', 'account', '500 m²', '3,000 m', '1,000 m²', 'Belgium', 'Netherlands', '31 December', '1,234,904 m', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'basis', 'changes', 'tax-related', 'CEO', 'tel', 'CFO', '24']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41587,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/teleperformance-combined-shareholders-meeting-of-may-23-2024-93CH-3455765,Teleperformance: Combined Shareholders' Meeting of May 23  2024 By Investing.com,Teleperformance:  Combined Shareholders' Meeting of May 23  2024,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance SE's (Paris:TEP) Combined General Meeting was held on May 23  2024 in Paris under the chairmanship of Daniel Julien  Chairman and CEO of the Group.Shareholders adopted all the resolutions submitted to their vote.They notably approved:the 2023 parent company and consolidated financial statements;the proposed dividend of €3.85 per share: the ex-dividend date is May 28  2024 and the payment date is May 30  2024;the renewal of the authorization granted to the Board of Directors to repurchase the Company's own shares within the limit of 10% of the number of shares comprising the share capital;the renewal of the terms of office of two directors: Mr. Daniel Julien and Mr. Alain Boulet;the ratification of the provisional appointment of Mrs. Brigitte Daubry  Mr. Moulay Hafid Elalamy and Mr. Kevin Niu as directors. These appointments will continue to strengthen the Board's diversity in terms of experience  expertise  notably in Artificial Intelligence  and nationalities; the appointment of Mr. Moulay Hafid Elalamy  chairman and founder of Saham Group  also reflects the confidence and long-term commitment of Majorel's former shareholders in the integration and future success of the New Teleperformance;the remuneration of directors and corporate officers as well as their remuneration policy.The approval of all the resolutions presented at the General Meeting reflects the Group's ongoing commitment to meet the expectations of its shareholders and adopt best practices in corporate governance.Voting results will be available soon on Teleperformance's corporate website (www.teleperformance.com “ Investors / General Meetings section).Indicative investor calendarEx-dividend date: May 28  2024 Dividend payment: May 30  2024 First-half 2024 results: July 30  2024 Thirst-quarter 2024 revenue: November 6  2024About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP “ ISIN: FR0000051807 “ Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group's local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices:     S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on X (Twitter): @teleperformanceView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240523816443/en/FINANCIAL ANALYSTS AND INVESTORSInvestor relations and financial communications departmentTELEPERFORMANCETel: +33 1 53 83 59 15investor@teleperformance.comPRESS RELATIONSEuropeKarine Allouis “ Laurent PoinsotIMAGE7Tel: +33 1 53 70 74 70teleperformance@image7.frPRESS RELATIONSAmericas and Asia-PacificNicole MillerTELEPERFORMANCETel: + 1 629-899-0675nicole.miller@teleperformance.comSource: Teleperformance,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.56,0.42,0.02,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Investing.com', 'Teleperformance', 'May', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'Mr. Moulay Hafid Elalamy', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'deferred settlement service', 'Mr. Alain Boulet', 'Mr. Kevin Niu', 'Mrs. Brigitte Daubry', 'digital business services', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'General Meetings section', 'PRESS RELATIONS Europe', 'Mr. Daniel Julien', 'financial communications department', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Indicative investor calendar', 'Euronext Paris market', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'FTSE4Good index', 'global leader', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'financial statements', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS', 'Investor relations', 'corporate officers', 'corporate governance', 'corporate website', 'Regulatory News', 'ex-dividend date', 'payment date', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'long-term commitment', 'future success', 'ongoing commitment', 'best practices', 'Voting results', 'First-half 2024 results', 'Thirst-quarter 2024 revenue', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'Karine Allouis', 'Laurent Poinsot', '2023 parent company', 'share capital', 'provisional appointment', 'Saham Group', 'remuneration policy', '2024 Dividend payment', 'TEP FP', 'The Group', 'source version', 'former shareholders', 'Teleperformance SE', 'New Teleperformance', 'two directors', 'Nicole Miller', 'Teleperformance Group', 'Teleperformance shares', 'May', 'chairmanship', 'CEO', 'resolutions', 'vote', 'renewal', 'authorization', 'Board', 'limit', 'number', 'terms', 'ratification', 'appointments', 'diversity', 'experience', 'expertise', 'nationalities', 'founder', 'confidence', 'Majorel', 'integration', 'approval', 'expectations', 'Investors', 'July', 'November', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF.', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'teams', 'advisors', 'close', '100 countries', 'force', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', 'IMAGE7', 'Americas', 'Asia-Pacific', '53']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,investing.com
41588,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/innate-pharma-highlights-abstracts-selected-for-asco-2024-annual-meeting-93CH-3455754,Innate Pharma Highlights Abstracts Selected for ASCO 2024 Annual Meeting By Investing.com,Innate Pharma Highlights Abstracts Selected for ASCO 2024 Annual Meeting,"Top line results of TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial in mycosis fungoides confirming promising clinical activity of lacutamabTwo posters on IPH6501  Innate's second generation ANKET ®  for the treatment of relapsed/refractory CD20-expressing B-cell Non-Hodgkin's LymphomaAstraZeneca (NASDAQ: ) to present poster on updated results for monalizumab from Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trialMonalizumab SCLC Phase 2 MOZART trial posterMARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (OTC: ) (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (Innate or the Company) announced today that five abstracts with Innate's drug candidates have been accepted for the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2024 Annual Meeting  taking place May 31-June 4  2024 in Chicago  Illinois.ASCO abstract details:LacutamabAbstract: 7082Abstract Lacutamab in patients with relapsed and/or refractory mycosis fungoides: results from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 trialFirst Author: Pierluigi PorcuSession Type: Poster SessionSession Hematologic Malignancies”Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 “ 9:00 AM “ 12:00 PMIPH6501Abstract: TPS7095Abstract A Phase 1/2  Open-Label  Multicenter Trial Investigating the Safety  Tolerability  and Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity of IPH6501 in Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin LymphomaFirst Author: Lorenzo FalchiSession Type: Poster SessionSession Hematologic Malignancies”Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 “ 9:00 AM “ 12:00 PMAbstract: 7030Abstract Preclinical assessment of IPH6501  a first-in-class IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager directed against CD20 for R/R B-NHL  in comparison to a CD20-targeting T Cell EngagerFirst Author: Olivier DemariaSession Type: Poster SessionSession Hematologic Malignancies”Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 “ 9:00 AM “ 12:00 PMMonalizumab (partnered with AstraZeneca)Abstract: 8046Abstract Updated results from COAST  a phase 2 study of durvalumab (D) ± oleclumab (O) or monalizumab (M) in patients (pts) with stage III unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (uNSCLC)First Author: Charu AggarwalSession Type: Poster SessionSession Lung Cancer”Non-Small Cell Local-Regional/Small Cell/Other Thoracic CancersSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 “ 1:30 PM “ 4:30 PMAbstract: TPS8129Abstract A phase II trial of monalizumab in combination with durvalumab (MEDI4736) plus platinum-based chemotherapy for first-line treatment of extensive stage small cell lung cancer (MOZART): Hoosier Cancer Research Network LUN21-530 study.First Author: Hirva MamdaniSession Type: Poster SessionSession Lung Cancer”Non-Small Cell Local-Regional/Small Cell/Other Thoracic CancersSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 “ 1:30 PM “ 4:30 PMAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate's portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi (NASDAQ: ) and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including believe  potential  expect and will and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company's commercialization efforts and the Company's continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma's website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240523437811/en/InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouillÃ©Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.euSource: Innate Pharma SA",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,negative,0.01,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Innate Pharma Highlights', 'ASCO 2024 Annual Meeting', 'Abstracts', 'Investing', 'com', 'class IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager', 'extensive stage small cell lung cancer', 'Hoosier Cancer Research Network LUN21-530 study', 'Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trial', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'unresectable non-small cell lung cancer', 'Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Session Date', 'Other Thoracic Cancers Session Date', 'Poster Session Session Hematologic Malignancies', 'Poster Session Session Lung Cancer', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'Abstract A phase II trial', 'CD20-targeting T Cell Engager', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'Pierluigi Porcu Session Type', 'Lorenzo Falchi Session Type', 'Olivier Demaria Session Type', 'Charu Aggarwal Session Type', 'Hirva Mamdani Session Type', 'relapsed/refractory CD20-expressing B-cell Non-Hodgkin', 'Abstract A Phase 1/2', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial', 'MOZART trial poster', 'Open-Label, Multicenter Trial', 'Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity', 'multiple tumor types', 'leading research institutions', 'refractory mycosis fungoides', 'promising clinical activity', 'Monalizumab SCLC Phase 2', 'innate immune system', 'IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'Ticker code Euronext', 'Abstract Preclinical assessment', 'phase 2 study', 'Top line results', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'ASCO abstract details', 'other things', 'cancer patients', 'proprietary platform', 'ISIN code', 'preclinical studies', 'Euronext Paris', 'Clinical Oncology', 'clinical trials', 'Abstract Lacutamab', 'Abstract Updated', 'Two posters', 'second generation', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'five abstracts', 'drug candidates', 'American Society', '2024 Annual Meeting', 'First Author', 'R/R B-NHL', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'advanced form', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'IPH6501 Abstract', 'updated results', 'actual results', 'first-line treatment', 'US office', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'Monday June', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AstraZeneca', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'OTC', 'place', 'Chicago', 'Illinois', 'Time', '9:00 AM', 'TPS7095', 'Tolerability', 'comparison', 'COAST', 'durvalumab', 'oleclumab', 'pts', 'uNSCLC', 'TPS8129', 'combination', 'MEDI47', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Rockville', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'potential', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'commercializatio', '12:00', '1:30', '4:30']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,investing.com
41589,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7222629729452207,Innate Pharma Highlights Abstracts Selected for ASCO 2024 Annual Meeting,Top line results of TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial in mycosis fungoides confirming promising clinical activity of lacutamab             Two posters on IPH6501  Innate&#x2019;s second generation ANKET   &#xAE;     for the treatment of relapsed/refractory CD20-e...,"Innate Pharma Highlights Abstracts Selected for ASCO 2024 Annual MeetingTop line results of TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial in mycosis fungoides confirming promising clinical activity of lacutamabTwo posters on IPH6501  Innate’s second generation ANKET ®   for the treatment of relapsed/refractory CD20-expressing B-cell Non-Hodgkin's LymphomaAstraZeneca to present poster on updated results for monalizumab from Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trialMonalizumab SCLC Phase 2 MOZART trial posterRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“ Innate ” or the “ Company ”) announced today that five abstracts with Innate’s drug candidates have been accepted for the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2024 Annual Meeting  taking place May 31-June 4  2024 in Chicago  Illinois.ASCO abstract details:LacutamabAbstract: 7082Abstract Title: Lacutamab in patients with relapsed and/or refractory mycosis fungoides: results from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 trialFirst Author: Pierluigi PorcuSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Hematologic Malignancies—Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 9:00 AM – 12:00 PMIPH6501Abstract: TPS7095Abstract Title: A Phase 1/2  Open-Label  Multicenter Trial Investigating the Safety  Tolerability  and Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity of IPH6501 in Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin LymphomaFirst Author: Lorenzo FalchiSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Hematologic Malignancies—Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 9:00 AM – 12:00 PMAbstract: 7030Abstract Title: Preclinical assessment of IPH6501  a first-in-class IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager directed against CD20 for R/R B-NHL  in comparison to a CD20-targeting T Cell EngagerFirst Author: Olivier DemariaSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Hematologic Malignancies—Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 9:00 AM – 12:00 PMMonalizumab (partnered with AstraZeneca)Abstract: 8046Abstract Title: Updated results from COAST  a phase 2 study of durvalumab (D) ± oleclumab (O) or monalizumab (M) in patients (pts) with stage III unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (uNSCLC)First Author: Charu AggarwalSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Lung Cancer—Non-Small Cell Local-Regional/Small Cell/Other Thoracic CancersSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 1:30 PM – 4:30 PMAbstract: TPS8129Abstract Title: A phase II trial of monalizumab in combination with durvalumab (MEDI4736) plus platinum-based chemotherapy for first-line treatment of extensive stage small cell lung cancer (MOZART): Hoosier Cancer Research Network LUN21-530 study.First Author: Hirva MamdaniSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Lung Cancer—Non-Small Cell Local-Regional/Small Cell/Other Thoracic CancersSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 1:30 PM – 4:30 PMAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® ( A ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn .Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240523437811/en/InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.0,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Innate Pharma Highlights', 'ASCO 2024 Annual Meeting', 'Abstracts', 'ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics', 'Hoosier Cancer Research Network LUN21-530 study', 'Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trial', 'extensive stage small cell lung cancer', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager', 'unresectable non-small cell lung cancer', 'Phase 1/2, Open-Label, Multicenter Trial', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Session Date', 'CD20-targeting T Cell Engager', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'Pierluigi Porcu Session Type', 'Lorenzo Falchi Session Type', 'Olivier Demaria Session Type', 'Charu Aggarwal Session Type', 'Hirva Mamdani Session Type', 'relapsed/refractory CD20-expressing B-cell Non-Hodgkin', 'Poster Session Session Title', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial', 'phase II trial', 'MOZART trial poster', 'ASCO 2024 Annual Meeting', 'ASCO) 2024 Annual Meeting', 'Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity', 'multiple tumor types', 'leading research institutions', 'refractory mycosis fungoides', 'promising clinical activity', 'innate immune system', 'IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'Monalizumab SCLC Phase 2', 'Ticker code Euronext', 'Innate Pharma Highlights', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'Top line results', 'ASCO abstract details', 'phase 2 study', 'cancer patients', 'proprietary platform', 'Abstract Title', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'Clinical Oncology', 'clinical trials', 'Two posters', 'second generation', 'Regulatory News', 'drug candidates', 'American Society', 'First Author', 'Hematologic Malignancies', 'Preclinical assessment', 'R/R B-NHL', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'advanced form', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'preclinical studies', 'Monday June', 'updated results', 'actual results', 'five abstracts', 'Safety, Tolerability', 'first-line treatment', 'US office', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'IPH Nasdaq', '12:00 PM IPH6501', '1:30 PM', 'AstraZeneca', 'place', 'Chicago', 'Illinois', 'Time', '9:00 AM', 'TPS7095', 'class', 'comparison', 'COAST', 'durvalumab', 'oleclumab', 'pts', 'uNSCLC', 'TPS8129', 'combination', 'MEDI47', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'France', 'Rockville', 'innate-pharma', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'expect', 'will', 'uncertainties', 'progression', 'ongoing', '4:30']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,investorsobserver.com
41590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2887766/0/en/Nyrstar-NV-Update-with-regards-to-the-proceedings-before-the-Supreme-Court.html,Nyrstar NV – Update with regards to the proceedings before the Supreme Court,Regulated Information     Nyrstar NV – Update with regards to the proceedings before the Supreme Court      24 May 2024 at 07.00 CEST     Nyrstar NV...,Regulated InformationNyrstar NV – Update with regards to the proceedings before the Supreme Court24 May 2024 at 07.00 CESTNyrstar NV (the “Company”) refers to its press release of 2 May 2024  which provided an update with regards to the Supreme Court petition filed by a group of shareholders of the Company against the judgment of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 17 November 2022. Recently  the Company has received the written judgment of the Supreme Court in full  including its reasoning. For the avoidance of doubt  the Company can confirm that the Supreme Court rejected the appeal and that this means that the summary proceedings aimed at obtaining a company law expert investigation on the basis of Article 7:160 BCCA have come to a final end.For more information  the Company refers to its press release of 2 May 2024 and the overview of current proceedings available on the Company website at https://www.nyrstarnv.be/en/investors/restructuring/summary-of-ongoing-proceedings.About Nyrstar NVThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar NV website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information  contact:Anthony Simms - Head of External Affairs & Legal anthony.simms@nyrstarnv.beWhyte Corporate Affairs - +32 2738 0620 nyrstar@whyte.beAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.01,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['Nyrstar NV', 'Supreme Court', 'Update', 'regards', 'proceedings', 'company law expert investigation', 'Whyte Corporate Affairs', 'Supreme Court petition', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'External Affairs', 'Antwerp Court', 'press release', 'final end', 'Company website', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Legal anthony', 'summary proceedings', 'current proceedings', 'written judgment', 'Anthony Simms', 'Regulated Information', 'Update', 'regards', '24 May', '07.00 CEST', '2 May', 'group', 'shareholders', 'Appeals', 'reasoning', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'basis', 'Article', '160 BCCA', 'overview', 'nyrstarnv.', 'investors', 'restructuring', 'The', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2887770/0/en/Nicox-2024-Ordinary-Shareholder-Meeting-to-be-held-on-June-28th-2024.html,Nicox: 2024 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting to be held on June 28th  2024,Press Release Nicox: 2024 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting to be held on June 28th  2024May 24  2024 – release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox...,May 24  2024 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  convenes an ordinary shareholder meeting on Friday June 28th  2024 at 2:30 pm CEST in the offices of BuroClub – Drakkar 2 – Bâtiment D – 2405 route des Dolines – 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis – France.The documents mentioned in article R.22.10-23 of the French Code de commerce  including a proxy voting form  will be sent to the shareholders upon written request. These documents will also be made available to shareholders at the headquarters of the Company and on its website (www.nicox.com) by June 13th  2024.Shareholders may vote by proxy  by internet or by attending the shareholder meeting in person. A guide explaining how to vote  and notably how to vote by internet  is available on the Company’s website. Shareholders may also contact the Company’s Investor Relations team at ag2024nicox@nicox.com for any question on the voting process.In the event the quorum is not reached on first call  Nicox will convene an ordinary shareholder meeting on a second call on Monday July 15th  2024 at 2:30 pm CEST in the offices of BuroClub – Drakkar 2 – Bâtiment D – 2405 route des Dolines – 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis – France.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2024 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'June 28th', 'Nicox', 'French Code de commerce', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Bâtiment D', '2405 route des Dolines', 'Investor Relations team', 'ordinary shareholder meeting', '06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis', 'international ophthalmology company', 'proxy voting form', 'voting process', 'June 28th', 'June 13th', 'first call', 'second call', 'July 15th', 'Nicox SA', 'May', 'release', 'CET', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'Friday', 'offices', 'BuroClub', 'Drakkar', 'documents', 'article', 'shareholders', 'written', 'request', 'headquarters', 'website', 'internet', 'person', 'guide', 'ag2024nicox', 'question', 'event', 'quorum', 'Monday', '7:30', '2:30']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNATE-PHARMA-35620/news/Innate-Pharma-Highlights-Abstracts-Selected-for-ASCO-2024-Annual-Meeting-46812819/,Innate Pharma Highlights Abstracts Selected for ASCO 2024 Annual Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Top line results of TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial in mycosis fungoides confirming promising clinical activity of lacutamabTwo posters on IPH6501  Innate’s second generation ANKET®  for the treatment of relapsed/refractory CD20-expressing B…,"Top line results of TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial in mycosis fungoides confirming promising clinical activity of lacutamab Two posters on IPH6501  Innate’s second generation ANKET®  for the treatment of relapsed/refractory CD20-expressing B-cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma AstraZeneca to present poster on updated results for monalizumab from Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trial Monalizumab SCLC Phase 2 MOZART trial posterRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) announced today that five abstracts with Innate’s drug candidates have been accepted for the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2024 Annual Meeting  taking place May 31-June 4  2024 in Chicago  Illinois.ASCO abstract details:LacutamabAbstract: 7082Abstract Title: Lacutamab in patients with relapsed and/or refractory mycosis fungoides: results from the TELLOMAK Phase 2 trialFirst Author: Pierluigi PorcuSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Hematologic Malignancies—Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 9:00 AM – 12:00 PMIPH6501Abstract: TPS7095Abstract Title: A Phase 1/2  Open-Label  Multicenter Trial Investigating the Safety  Tolerability  and Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity of IPH6501 in Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin LymphomaFirst Author: Lorenzo FalchiSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Hematologic Malignancies—Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 9:00 AM – 12:00 PMAbstract: 7030Abstract Title: Preclinical assessment of IPH6501  a first-in-class IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager directed against CD20 for R/R B-NHL  in comparison to a CD20-targeting T Cell EngagerFirst Author: Olivier DemariaSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Hematologic Malignancies—Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic LeukemiaSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 9:00 AM – 12:00 PMMonalizumab (partnered with AstraZeneca)Abstract: 8046Abstract Title: Updated results from COAST  a phase 2 study of durvalumab (D) ± oleclumab (O) or monalizumab (M) in patients (pts) with stage III unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (uNSCLC)First Author: Charu AggarwalSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Lung Cancer—Non-Small Cell Local-Regional/Small Cell/Other Thoracic CancersSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 1:30 PM – 4:30 PMAbstract: TPS8129Abstract Title: A phase II trial of monalizumab in combination with durvalumab (MEDI4736) plus platinum-based chemotherapy for first-line treatment of extensive stage small cell lung cancer (MOZART): Hoosier Cancer Research Network LUN21-530 study.First Author: Hirva MamdaniSession Type: Poster SessionSession Title: Lung Cancer—Non-Small Cell Local-Regional/Small Cell/Other Thoracic CancersSession Date and Time: Monday June 3  2024 – 1:30 PM – 4:30 PMAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240523437811/en/",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.0,0.06,0.93,True,English,"['Innate Pharma Highlights', 'ASCO 2024 Annual Meeting', 'Abstracts', 'Hoosier Cancer Research Network LUN21-530 study', 'Phase 2 stage III unresectable NSCLC trial', 'extensive stage small cell lung cancer', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'IL2v-armed tetraspecific NK Cell Engager', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Monalizumab SCLC Phase 2 MOZART trial poster', 'Phase 1/2, Open-Label, Multicenter Trial', 'unresectable non-small cell lung cancer', 'Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Session Date', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'CD20-targeting T Cell Engager', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'Pierluigi Porcu Session Type', 'Lorenzo Falchi Session Type', 'Olivier Demaria Session Type', 'Charu Aggarwal Session Type', 'Hirva Mamdani Session Type', 'relapsed/refractory CD20-expressing B-cell Non-Hodgkin', 'Poster Session Session Title', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Refractory CD20-expressing Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'TELLOMAK Phase 2 trial', 'phase II trial', 'Preliminary Antineoplastic Activity', 'multiple tumor types', 'leading research institutions', 'refractory mycosis fungoides', 'promising clinical activity', 'phase 2 study', 'innate immune system', 'IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'Ticker code Euronext', 'Top line results', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'ASCO abstract details', 'cancer patients', 'proprietary platform', 'Abstract Title', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'Clinical Oncology', 'clinical trials', 'Two posters', 'second generation', 'Regulatory News', 'five abstracts', 'drug candidates', 'American Society', '2024 Annual Meeting', 'First Author', 'Hematologic Malignancies', 'Preclinical assessment', 'R/R B-NHL', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'advanced form', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'Monday June', 'updated results', 'actual results', 'Safety, Tolerability', 'first-line treatment', 'US office', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'Lymphoma AstraZeneca', 'IPH Nasdaq', '12:00 PM IPH6501', '1:30 PM', 'place', 'Chicago', 'Illinois', 'Time', '9:00 AM', 'TPS7095', 'class', 'comparison', 'COAST', 'durvalumab', 'oleclumab', 'pts', 'uNSCLC', 'TPS8129', 'combination', 'MEDI47', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'France', 'Rockville', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'commer', '4:30']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYRSTAR-NV-28377339/news/Nyrstar-NV-releases-notice-for-the-2023-annual-general-shareholders-meeting-to-be-held-on-25-Ju-46812805/,Nyrstar NV releases notice for the 2023 annual general shareholders' meeting to be held on 25 June 2024,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Nyrstar NV releases notice for the 2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting to be held on 25 June 2024 24 May 2024 at 07.00 CEST Nyrstar NV  today issued the notice for the 2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting …,Regulated InformationNyrstar NV releases notice for the 2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting to be held on 25 June 202424 May 2024 at 07.00 CESTNyrstar NV (the “Company”) today issued the notice for the 2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting to be held on 25 June 2024 at 11:00 a.m. CEST.The annual general meeting will be held physically with no virtual option available. The practical modalities of the meeting are set out in the notice to the meeting which has been published on the Company's website ( https://www.nyrstarnv.be/en/investors/share-and-bondholder-information/shareholder-meetings ).The full notice  including agenda  proposed resolutions and explanatory note can be found on the aforementioned Nyrstar NV website.About Nyrstar NVThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and is listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information contact:Anthony Simms - Head of External Affairs & Legal anthony.simms@nyrstarnv.beWhyte Corporate Affairs - +32 2738 0620 nyrstar@whyte.beAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"[""2023 annual general shareholders' meeting"", 'Nyrstar NV', 'notice', '25 June 2024', '2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting', 'annual general meeting', 'Whyte Corporate Affairs', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'External Affairs', 'virtual option', 'practical modalities', 'explanatory note', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nyrstar website', 'Legal anthony', 'Anthony Simms', 'Regulated Information', 'full notice', '25 June 2024', '24 May', '07.00 CEST', 'Company', '11:00 a', 'nyrstarnv', 'investors', 'bondholder-information', 'shareholder-meetings', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'The', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'NYR.', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2887762/0/en/Nyrstar-NV-releases-notice-for-the-2023-annual-general-shareholders-meeting-to-be-held-on-25-June-2024.html,Nyrstar NV releases notice for the 2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting to be held on 25 June 2024,Regulated Information     Nyrstar NV releases notice for the 2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting to be held on 25 June 2024     24 May 2024 at...,Regulated InformationNyrstar NV releases notice for the 2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting to be held on 25 June 202424 May 2024 at 07.00 CESTNyrstar NV (the “Company”) today issued the notice for the 2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting to be held on 25 June 2024 at 11:00 a.m. CEST.The annual general meeting will be held physically with no virtual option available. The practical modalities of the meeting are set out in the notice to the meeting which has been published on the Company's website ( https://www.nyrstarnv.be/en/investors/share-and-bondholder-information/shareholder-meetings ).The full notice  including agenda  proposed resolutions and explanatory note can be found on the aforementioned Nyrstar NV website.About Nyrstar NVThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and is listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information contact:Anthony Simms - Head of External Affairs & Legal anthony.simms@nyrstarnv.beWhyte Corporate Affairs - +32 2738 0620 nyrstar@whyte.beAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting', 'Nyrstar NV', 'notice', '25 June 2024', '2023 annual general shareholders’ meeting', 'annual general meeting', 'Whyte Corporate Affairs', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'External Affairs', 'virtual option', 'practical modalities', 'explanatory note', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nyrstar website', 'Legal anthony', 'Anthony Simms', 'Regulated Information', 'full notice', '25 June 2024', '24 May', '07.00 CEST', 'Company', '11:00 a', 'nyrstarnv', 'investors', 'bondholder-information', 'shareholder-meetings', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'The', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'NYR.', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NICOX-SA-25281955/news/Nicox-2024-Ordinary-Shareholder-Meeting-to-be-held-on-June-28th-2024-46812943/,Nicox: 2024 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting to be held on June 28th  2024,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Nicox: 2024 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting to be held on June 28th  2024May 24  2024 – release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA   an international ophthalmology company  convenes an ordinary shareholder meeting …,May 24  2024 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Growth Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  convenes an ordinary shareholder meeting on Friday June 28th  2024 at 2:30 pm CEST in the offices of BuroClub – Drakkar 2 – Bâtiment D – 2405 route des Dolines – 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis – France.The documents mentioned in article R.22.10-23 of the French Code de commerce  including a proxy voting form  will be sent to the shareholders upon written request. These documents will also be made available to shareholders at the headquarters of the Company and on its website ( www.nicox.com ) by June 13th  2024.Shareholders may vote by proxy  by internet or by attending the shareholder meeting in person. A guide explaining how to vote  and notably how to vote by internet  is available on the Company’s website. Shareholders may also contact the Company’s Investor Relations team at ag2024nicox@nicox.com for any question on the voting process.In the event the quorum is not reached on first call  Nicox will convene an ordinary shareholder meeting on a second call on Monday July 15th  2024 at 2:30 pm CEST in the offices of BuroClub – Drakkar 2 – Bâtiment D – 2405 route des Dolines – 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis – France.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['2024 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'June 28th', 'Nicox', 'French Code de commerce', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Bâtiment D', '2405 route des Dolines', 'Investor Relations team', 'ordinary shareholder meeting', '06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis', 'international ophthalmology company', 'proxy voting form', 'voting process', 'June 28th', 'June 13th', 'first call', 'second call', 'July 15th', 'Nicox SA', 'May', 'release', 'CET', 'France', 'ALCOX', 'Friday', 'offices', 'BuroClub', 'Drakkar', 'documents', 'article', 'shareholders', 'written', 'request', 'headquarters', 'website', 'internet', 'person', 'guide', 'ag2024nicox', 'question', 'event', 'quorum', 'Monday', '7:30', '2:30']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LATECOERE-5010/news/Latecoere-Postponement-of-Shareholders-Meeting-46820429/,Latecoere: Postponement of Shareholders Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Latecoere   a tier one partner to major international aircraft manufacturers  wishes to update the market on the postponement of the previously scheduled shareholders meeting due to be held on 28th June 2024.Given t…,Regulatory News:Latecoere (Paris:LAT)  a tier one partner to major international aircraft manufacturers  wishes to update the market on the postponement of the previously scheduled shareholders meeting due to be held on 28th June 2024.Given the continuing challenging operating environment  with persistent inflationary pressures  challenges arising from a constrained aerospace supply chain  and ongoing OEM price negotiations progressing on a more protracted basis than originally anticipated  the Company is unable to form a definitive view on potential non-cash intangible assets impairment and consequently the annual results are not yet approved by the Board of Directors.Therefore  Latecoere will request to the Toulouse Commercial Court to postpone its scheduled shareholders meeting due to be held on 28 June 2024. Latecoere will update the market in due course as greater clarity  specifically on customer pricing  is forthcoming.About LatecoereTier 1 to the world’s leading OEMs (Airbus  BAE Systems  Boeing  Bombardier  Dassault Aviation  Embraer  Honda Aircraft Company  Lockheed Martin  RTX  Thales)  Latecoere serves aerospace with innovative solutions for a sustainable world. The Group operates in all segments of the aerospace industry (commercial  regional  business  defense and space) in two business areas:Aerostructures (61% of sales): doors  fuselage  wings and empennage  struts & rods and customer services;Interconnection Systems (39% of sales): wiring  avionic racks  onboard equipment  electronic systems and customer services.As of December 31  2023  the Group employed 5 497 people in 14 countries. Latecoere is listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment B  ISIN Code: FR001400JY13 - Reuters: AEP.PA - Bloomberg: AT.FPView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240524667654/en/,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,negative,0.01,0.28,0.7,True,English,"['Shareholders Meeting', 'Latecoere', 'Postponement', 'potential non-cash intangible assets impairment', 'continuing challenging operating environment', 'ongoing OEM price negotiations', 'major international aircraft manufacturers', 'constrained aerospace supply chain', 'persistent inflationary pressures', 'Toulouse Commercial Court', 'commercial, regional, business', 'two business areas', 'Honda Aircraft Company', 'tier one partner', 'scheduled shareholders meeting', 'aerospace industry', 'Regulatory News', 'protracted basis', 'definitive view', 'annual results', 'due course', 'greater clarity', 'customer pricing', 'leading OEMs', 'BAE Systems', 'Dassault Aviation', 'Lockheed Martin', 'innovative solutions', 'customer services', 'Interconnection Systems', 'avionic racks', 'onboard equipment', 'electronic systems', 'Compartment B', 'ISIN Code', 'AEP.PA', 'AT.FP', 'source version', '28th June', 'sustainable world', 'The Group', 'Euronext Paris', '28 June', 'Latecoere', 'market', 'postponement', 'challenges', 'Directors', 'Airbus', 'Boeing', 'Bombardier', 'Embraer', 'RTX', 'Thales', 'segments', 'defense', 'Aerostructures', 'sales', 'doors', 'fuselage', 'wings', 'empennage', 'struts', 'rods', 'wiring', 'December', '5,497 people', '14 countries', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'businesswire']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CASINO-GUICHARD-PERRACHON-4627/news/Casino-Group-Judgment-on-FRH-and-Casino-request-for-further-extension-under-Dutch-Financial-Supervi-46820230/,Casino Group: Judgment on FRH and Casino request for further extension under Dutch Financial Supervision Act,(marketscreener.com) Judgment on FRH and Casino request for further extension under Dutch Financial Supervision Act Paris  24 May 2024 Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. hereby informs as follows: also on behalf of France Retail Holdings S.à r.l.   it is hereby a…,"Judgment on FRH and Casino request for further extension under Dutch Financial Supervision ActParis  24 May 2024Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A. (Euronext Paris: CO; ISIN: FR0000125585  ""Casino"") hereby informs as follows: also on behalf of France Retail Holdings S.à r.l. (an entity ultimately controlled by Mr. Daniel Křetínský) (“FRH”)  it is hereby announced that FRH and Casino have received a judgment of the Enterprise Chamber of the Amsterdam Court of Appeal  the Netherlands  granting an additional thirty-day extension pursuant to Article 5:72(2) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht  ""FMSA"") of the time period provided in Article 5:72(1) FMSA. As a result  the period provided in Article 5:72(1) FMSA is extended by thirty days as of 27 May 2024. Reference is also made to the press releases of 29 April 2024 and 7 May 2024 in this respect.***This communication is for informational purposes only under the current applicable laws and regulations  and is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein  nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS CONTACTSChristopher WELTON - cwelton.exterieur@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 64 17orIR_Casino@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 24 17PRESS CONTACTSGroupe Casino CommunicationsStéphanie ABADIE - sabadie@groupe-casino.fr – Tel: +33 (0)6 26 27 37 05ordirectiondelacommunication@groupe-casino.fr - Tel: + 33(0)1 53 65 24 78Agence IMAGE 7Karine Allouis - kallouis@image7.fr - Tel: +33 (0)6 11 59 23 26Laurent Poinsot - lpoinsot@image7.fr - Tel: + 33(0)6 80 11 73 52Franck Pasquier - fpasquier@image7.fr - Tel: + 33(0)6 73 62 57 99Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,negative,0.02,0.42,0.56,True,English,"['Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Casino Group', 'Judgment', 'FRH', 'extension', 'France Retail Holdings S.à r.l.', 'Mr. Daniel Křetínský', 'Wet op het financieel toezicht', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'Stéphanie ABADIE', 'current applicable laws', 'Groupe Casino Communications', 'additional thirty-day extension', 'Casino request', 'Enterprise Chamber', 'Amsterdam Court', 'thirty days', 'press releases', 'informational purposes', 'INVESTORS CONTACTS', 'Christopher WELTON', 'PRESS CONTACTS', 'Karine Allouis', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Franck Pasquier', 'securities laws', 'Euronext Paris', 'time period', 'Agence IMAGE 7', 'Judgment', 'FRH', '24 May', 'ISIN', 'behalf', 'entity', 'Appeal', 'Netherlands', 'Article', 'FMSA', 'result', '27 May', 'Reference', '29 April', 'respect', 'regulations', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'qualification', 'ANALYSTS', 'cwelton', 'groupe-casino', 'Tel', 'IR_Casino', 'sabadie', 'directiondelacommunication', 'kallouis', 'lpoinsot', 'fpasquier', 'Attachment', '1', '33', '6']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Availability-of-the-Universal-Registration-Document-2023-46820733/,Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2023,(marketscreener.com) Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2023 Bezons  May 24  2024 Atos announces that its Universal Registration Document for the year 2023 was filed today  Friday May 24  2024  with the French Financial Markets Authority unde…,Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2023Bezons  May 24  2024Atos announces that its Universal Registration Document for the year 2023 was filed today  Friday May 24  2024  with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) under number D.24-0429.This document notably includes:the 2023 annual financial report;the corporate governance report;the non-financial performance statement;the description of the share buyback program; andthe reports from the statutory auditors.This document is available on the Atos website (https://atos.net/en/investors) as well as on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org).###About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 94 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor relations : David Pierre-Kahn | investors@atos.net | +33 6 28 51 45 96Individual shareholders : 0805 65 00 75Press contact : globalprteam@atos.netAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Registration Document', 'Availability', 'French Financial Markets Authority', '2023 annual financial report', 'corporate governance report', 'non-financial performance statement', 'share buyback program', 'Universal Registration Document', 'secure information space', 'annual revenue', 'statutory auditors', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor relations', 'David Pierre-Kahn', 'Individual shareholders', 'Press contact', 'AMF website', 'c. 94,000 employees', 'European number', 'decarbonization services', 'Atos website', 'atos.', 'Availability', 'Bezons', 'May', 'year', 'description', 'reports', 'investors', 'amf-france', 'org', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'globalprteam', 'Attachment', '0805']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41599,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4122098.html,Accor  Valuable 500  Accessibility Research Association  and Colorful Earth launch ‘Disability Inclusion Self-Assessment Hotel Toolkit’,Accor  Valuable 500  Accessibility Research Association  and Colorful Earth announced the launch of the Disability Inclusion Self-Assessment Hotel Toolkit – a user-friendly  self-assessment guide that allows hotels  resorts  and other hospitality providers to…,Accor  Valuable 500  Accessibility Research Association  and Colorful Earth announced the launch of the Disability Inclusion Self-Assessment Hotel Toolkit – a user-friendly  self-assessment guide that allows hotels  resorts  and other hospitality providers to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of their accessibility and inclusiveness practices. The Disability Inclusion Self-Assessment Hotel Toolkit was introduced at the 6th Technology Accessibility Development Conference (TADC) held by Accessibility Research Association at the Special Education College of Beijing Union University.Hospitality is about people  and Accor is devoted to welcoming others  accepting and valuing differences  and fostering a culture of inclusion – which is why it was so important to us to participate in the launch of this Toolkit. Our aim is to not only support our own hotels  but to improve accessibility throughout the industry. With diversity  equity and inclusion so essential to our own success  we will do all we can to keep making the world a more inviting place for our guests and our employees. Gary Rosen  CEO  Accor Greater ChinaThe Toolkit is designed to be shared across the hospitality industry to address the wide-ranging needs of this community and dovetails with Accor’s longstanding commitment and proactive approach to diversity  equality  and inclusion. With close to 700 hotels across Greater China  Accor will encourage its hotel teams to partake in the Toolkit assessment process to further their continuous efforts in driving openness and workplace equality  preventing discrimination  providing opportunities that empower all people  and promoting hospitality’s role as a social elevator.True inclusion is not just a policy  a facility or a program – it is a culture  an attitude  and Accor is leading the way  demonstrating its values through actions  while expressing sincere respect and understanding for everyone. With the Toolkit  we are encouraging hotels to take that first step of improving accessibility and enhancing disability inclusion by participating in a simple gap analysis to understand what features they may be missing and what improvements can be made. However  accessibility is not the goal or an end point – it is actually the starting point of how we shift our societal mindset toward achieving a more inclusive and sustainable society. Let’s make progress together. Koko Tang  Founder of Colorful EarthThe Toolkit encompasses more than 250 indicators  providing hotels with a user-friendly interface for evaluating the inclusiveness of their governance  facilities and operations. Criteria include barrier-free infrastructure  accessibility aids  governance and policies  public awareness  capacity building  information accessibility  disclosure and reporting  and authentic representation of disability community in communications. The Toolkit also helps people better understand accessibility and inclusion  with definitions  examples  and best practices. It also explores the evolving perceptions of disability inclusion and self-identification  as well as challenges specific to the hospitality industry.Created with consultation from experts and members of the disability community  Disability Inclusion Self-Assessment Hotel Toolkit aims to help hoteliers deepen their understanding of the challenges and barriers that travelers with disabilities can face  while emphasizing the importance of sharing information about a hotel’s accessibility. A survey of travelers conducted by Valuable 500 in 2022 revealed that more than three-quarters of respondents in the USA said they do extra planning to ensure a property will be accessible for them  while a third of disabled people in China said they research a destination to ensure their needs will be met before booking a trip. Other surveys have shown that 95% of visitors with special access requirements look for accessibility criteria before deciding to visit a place  and nine out of 10 simply won’t visit unless they can confirm its suitability for their needs.When a hotel  restaurant  or transport provider is inaccessible  a huge portion of potential guests are shut out. The potential can be rewarding to reach a broader market  by placing disabled staff and customers at the core of the service model. Hotels must consider disability inclusion in every aspect of the guest experience  and it is essential to reconsider the process and procedures that are in place and be open to change. Everyone should have the right to enjoy hospitality and travel  no matter their ability. Ryan Curtis-Johnson  Chief Communications Officer  The Valuable 500As a hospitality leader  Accor aims to set an example for the industry. The company engages in multiple training efforts and actions to raise awareness that are essential for changing perceptions and mindsets around disabilities. The company strives to remove obstacles and stigma around identifying as disabled  respecting that 80% of disabilities are invisible. With a multi-faceted approach to addressing its own teams as well as guests and the broader public  Accor joined the Valuable 500 in 2021 to support the global vision of making inclusivity the norm. Examples of Accor’s initiatives include:‘ Smart Room’ concepts – Guestroom accessibility improvements are being introduced  with customizable features such as height-adjustable beds  floor lighting  and showers with removable walls and adjustable jets.– Guestroom accessibility improvements are being introduced  with customizable features such as height-adjustable beds  floor lighting  and showers with removable walls and adjustable jets. Signatory of the Global Business and Disability Network (GBDN) of the International Labor Organization (ILO) – Accor has adopted its 10 principles and actively fosters employment of people with disabilities. As the chairman unit of GBDN China Chapter  Accor’s Chinese recruitment official account has created a category for highlighting fully-accessible job listings.– Accor has adopted its 10 principles and actively fosters employment of people with disabilities. As the chairman unit of GBDN China Chapter  Accor’s Chinese recruitment official account has created a category for highlighting fully-accessible job listings. Employment opportunities – In China  Accor offers graduates with disabilities six-month internships for valuable job training and opportunities for long-term employment. Novotel Shanghai Atlantis  for example  has welcomed 167 trainees.– In China  Accor offers graduates with disabilities six-month internships for valuable job training and opportunities for long-term employment. Novotel Shanghai Atlantis  for example  has welcomed 167 trainees. ‘Accor World DuoDays’ – Accor hotel teams pair up with people with disabilities  taking them along in their daily operational roles while gaining a better understanding of the frequent challenges disabilities present. In Greater China  this initiative is in partnership with beYoureyeS  a Chinese NGO  and participants are also granted a 100-day empowerment program with Accor Talent & Culture teams providing employment skills and career development support.– Accor hotel teams pair up with people with disabilities  taking them along in their daily operational roles while gaining a better understanding of the frequent challenges disabilities present. In Greater China  this initiative is in partnership with beYoureyeS  a Chinese NGO  and participants are also granted a 100-day empowerment program with Accor Talent & Culture teams providing employment skills and career development support. Ongoing staff training – Accor Greater China continuously provides staff training modules on the needs of people with specific disabilities  in order to foster a mindset of accessibility and inclusion in its service culture. For example  staff receive training and instruction on communication etiquette and special considerations for people with visually impairment.– Accor Greater China continuously provides staff training modules on the needs of people with specific disabilities  in order to foster a mindset of accessibility and inclusion in its service culture. For example  staff receive training and instruction on communication etiquette and special considerations for people with visually impairment. Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 – Accor is proud to be an official partner of this global platform for raising awareness and promoting inclusion of people with disabilities.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.54,0.43,0.02,True,English,"['Disability Inclusion Self-Assessment Hotel Toolkit', 'Accessibility Research Association', 'Colorful Earth', 'Accor', '6th Technology Accessibility Development Conference', 'The Disability Inclusion Self-Assessment Hotel Toolkit', 'Valuable 500, Accessibility Research Association', 'user-friendly, self-assessment guide', 'Special Education College', 'Beijing Union University', 'simple gap analysis', 'special access requirements', 'multiple training efforts', 'Toolkit assessment process', 'Chief Communications Officer', 'other hospitality providers', 'The Toolkit', 'Accor Greater China', 'hotel teams', 'The Valuable 500', 'True inclusion', 'continuous efforts', 'user-friendly interface', 'Other surveys', 'disability community', 'Colorful Earth', 'comprehensive evaluation', 'Gary Rosen', 'longstanding commitment', 'proactive approach', 'social elevator', 'sincere respect', 'first step', 'end point', 'starting point', 'societal mindset', 'sustainable society', 'Koko Tang', 'barrier-free infrastructure', 'accessibility aids', 'capacity building', 'authentic representation', 'best practices', 'extra planning', 'transport provider', 'huge portion', 'broader market', 'disabled staff', 'service model', 'guest experience', 'Ryan Curtis-Johnson', 'multi-faceted approach', 'broader public', 'hospitality leader', 'inclusiveness practices', 'workplace equality', 'public awareness', 'information accessibility', 'evolving perceptions', 'accessibility criteria', 'inviting place', 'wide-ranging needs', 'disabled people', 'hospitality industry', 'potential guests', 'launch', 'hotels', 'resorts', 'TADC', 'others', 'differences', 'culture', 'aim', 'diversity', 'equity', 'success', 'world', 'employees', 'CEO', 'close', 'openness', 'discrimination', 'opportunities', 'role', 'policy', 'facility', 'program', 'attitude', 'way', 'values', 'actions', 'understanding', 'everyone', 'features', 'improvements', 'goal', 'progress', 'Founder', '250 indicators', 'governance', 'facilities', 'operations', 'policies', 'disclosure', 'reporting', 'definitions', 'examples', 'self-identification', 'challenges', 'consultation', 'experts', 'members', 'hoteliers', 'barriers', 'travelers', 'disabilities', 'importance', 'three-quarters', 'respondents', 'USA', 'property', 'third', 'destination', 'trip', 'visitors', 'suitability', 'restaurant', 'customers', 'core', 'aspect', 'procedures', 'change', 'right', 'company', 'mindsets', 'obstacles', 'stigma']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,hospitalitynet.org
41600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/24/great-lakes-advisors-llc-acquires-new-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Great Lakes Advisors LLC Acquires New Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Great Lakes Advisors LLC bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm …,Great Lakes Advisors LLC bought a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 1 269 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $200 000.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of RSP. Partnership Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter valued at approximately $25 000. Howe & Rusling Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter valued at $26 000. GAMMA Investing LLC bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter valued at about $38 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the third quarter worth approximately $38 000. Finally  SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. increased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 51.5% in the fourth quarter. SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. now owns 303 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48 000 after buying an additional 103 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Down 1.4 %RSP opened at $164.85 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $55.21 billion  a PE ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. The business has a fifty day simple moving average of $164.86 and a 200-day simple moving average of $158.57. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a fifty-two week low of $133.34 and a fifty-two week high of $169.80.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Great Lakes Advisors LLC', 'New Position', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'fifty day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Great Lakes Advisors LLC', 'Partnership Wealth Management LLC', 'SOA Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'GAMMA Investing LLC', 'other hedge funds', 'other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Free Report', 'Rusling Inc.', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'new position', 'fourth quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'new stake', '4th quarter', 'third quarter', 'last quarter', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'fifty-two week', 'financial companies', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'additional 103 shares', '1,269 shares', '303 shares', 'company', 'Securities', 'firm', 'number', 'Howe', 'holdings', 'Friday', 'beta', 'business', 'transportation', 'Reading']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,etfdailynews.com
41601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAFILO-GROUP-S-P-A-165621/news/Safilo-S-p-A-Publication-of-the-Minutes-of-the-Shareholders-Meeting-of-April-24-2024-46815827/,Safilo S p A : Publication of the Minutes of the Shareholders' Meeting of April 24  2024,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release     Publication of the Minutes of the Shareholders' Meeting   Padua  May 24  2024 - SAFILO GROUP S.p.A. informs that today the minutes of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on April 24  2…,Publication of the Minutes of the Shareholders' MeetingPadua  May 24  2024 - SAFILO GROUP S.p.A. informs that today the minutes of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on April 24  2024 have been made available at the Company's registered office  at the central storage of regulated information 1INFO  as well as on the Company's website at the internet address https://www.safilogroup.com/en/governance/shareholders-meeting.About Safilo GroupSafilo is a global player in the eyewear industry that has been creating  producing  and distributing for over 90 years sunglasses  prescription frames  outdoor eyewear  goggles and helmets. Thanks to a data-driven approach  Safilo goes beyond the traditional boundaries of the eyewear industry: in just one company it brings together Italian design  stylistic  technical and industrial innovation  and state-of-the-art digital platforms  developed in its digital hubs in Padua and Portland  and made available to Opticians and Clients for an unmatched customer experience. Guided by its purpose  See the world at its best  Safilo is leading its Group legacy  founded on innovation and responsibility  onwards towards the future.With an extensive global presence  Safilo's business model enables it to monitor its entire production and distribution chain. From research and development in five prestigious design studios  located in Padua  Milan  New York  Hong Kong and Portland  to its company-owned production facilities and network of qualified manufacturing partners  Safilo Group ensures that every product offers the perfect fit and meets high quality standards. Reaching approximately 100 000 selected points of sale worldwide with an extensive wholly owned network of subsidiaries in 40 countries and more than 50 partners in 70 countries  Safilo's well-established traditional wholesale distribution model  which encompasses eyecare retailers  chains  department stores  specialized retailers  boutiques  duty free shops and sporting goods stores  is complemented by Direct-to-Consumer and Internet pure player sales platforms  in line with the Group's development strategies.Safilo Group's portfolio encompasses home brands - Carrera  Polaroid  Smith  Blenders  Privé Revaux and Seventh Street. The perpetual license Eyewear by David Beckham. Licensed brands include: Banana Republic  BOSS  Carolina Herrera  Dsquared2  Etro  Fossil  havaianas  HUGO  Isabel Marant  Juicy Couture  Kate Spade New York  Levi's  Liz Claiborne  Love Moschino  Marc Jacobs  Missoni  M Missoni  Moschino  Pierre Cardin  PORTS  rag&bone  Stuart Weitzman  Tommy Hilfiger  Tommy Jeans and Under Armour.The parent company  Safilo Group S.p.A.  is listed on the Euronext Milan organized and managed by Borsa Italiana (ISIN code IT0004604762  Bloomberg SFL.IM  Reuters SFLG.MI). In 2023  Safilo Group recorded net revenues for Euro 1 024.7 million.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Safilo S', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Publication', 'Minutes', 'April', 'Internet pure player sales platforms', 'SAFILO GROUP S.p.A.', 'five prestigious design studios', 'Kate Spade New York', 'traditional wholesale distribution model', 'art digital platforms', 'unmatched customer experience', 'high quality standards', 'duty free shops', 'Reuters SFLG.MI', 'company-owned production facilities', 'sporting goods stores', 'perpetual license Eyewear', 'qualified manufacturing partners', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'extensive global presence', 'global player', 'internet address', 'traditional boundaries', 'Italian design', 'business model', 'distribution chain', 'Group legacy', 'digital hubs', 'entire production', 'department stores', 'eyewear industry', 'outdoor eyewear', 'registered office', 'central storage', 'regulated information', 'prescription frames', 'data-driven approach', 'stylistic, technical', 'Hong Kong', 'perfect fit', '100,000 selected points', 'eyecare retailers', 'specialized retailers', 'Privé Revaux', 'Seventh Street', 'David Beckham', 'Banana Republic', 'Carolina Herrera', 'Isabel Marant', 'Juicy Couture', 'Liz Claiborne', 'Marc Jacobs', 'Pierre Cardin', 'rag&bone', 'Stuart Weitzman', 'Tommy Hilfiger', 'Tommy Jeans', 'Borsa Italiana', 'ISIN code', 'Bloomberg SFL', 'net revenues', 'one company', 'industrial innovation', 'development strategies', 'home brands', 'Love Moschino', 'M Missoni', 'parent company', 'Euronext Milan', '50 partners', 'Publication', 'Minutes', 'Padua', 'May', 'April', '1INFO', 'website', 'safilogroup', 'governance/shareholders', '90 years', 'sunglasses', 'goggles', 'helmets', 'Portland', 'Opticians', 'Clients', 'purpose', 'world', 'responsibility', 'future', 'research', 'network', 'subsidiaries', '40 countries', '70 countries', 'chains', 'boutiques', 'Consumer', 'line', 'portfolio', 'Carrera', 'Polaroid', 'Smith', 'Blenders', 'Licensed', 'BOSS', 'Etro', 'Fossil', 'havaianas', 'HUGO', 'Levi', 'PORTS', 'Armour', 'IM']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRAYONANO-120976700/news/CrayoNano-Announces-Volume-Delivery-to-a-Key-UV-C-LED-Water-Disinfection-Customer-46816807/,CrayoNano : Announces Volume Delivery to a Key UV-C LED Water Disinfection Customer,(marketscreener.com)   CrayoNano Announces Volume Delivery to a Key UV-C LED Water Disinfection Customer  24 May 2024    Trondheim  Norway 2024 May 24 - CrayoNano AS announces the successful high-volume delivery of its CrayoLED™ H-Series UV-C LED comp…,"CrayoNano Announces Volume Delivery to a Key UV-C LED Water Disinfection Customer 24 May 2024Trondheim  Norway 2024 May 24 - CrayoNano AS (NOTC: CNANO) announces the successful high-volume delivery of its CrayoLED™ H-Series (CLH-N3S) UV-C LED components to a key customer  a global leader in the development  manufacturing and sales of UV-C LEDs systems and disinfection products for water  air and surface applications. This milestone highlights CrayoNano's qualification by an industry-leading customer  showcasing the competitiveness of our UV-C LED technology. This significant shipment marks Q2 revenue generation for CrayoNano  reinforcing our strong market position  commercial momentum  and operational excellence.UV-C light effectively inactivates harmful microorganisms using UV-C LEDs  providing a positive social impact and environmentally friendly solution to consumers. Our key customer  renowned for its expertise and innovation in UV-C LED water purification solutions  has integrated CrayoNano's UV-C LEDs into its commercial and consumer Point-of-Use (POU) and Point-of-entry (POE) water disinfection systems  ensuring safe and clean drinking water.""We are thrilled to witness our UV-C LED components being actively utilized in the field  marking a significant milestone as we deliver our UV-C LEDs in high-volume to one of the leading global players in the UV-C LED water purification industry "" said Stefan Stockbauer  Global Sales Director of CrayoNano. ""This achievement not only validates our technology but also solidifies CrayoNano's market position as a high-performing and reliable supplier for drinking water disinfection. We look forward to strengthening our relationship with our customer  whose mission aligns with ours to advance the UV-C LED disinfection market through innovative technologies and products  enabling a more sustainable and healthier future for all.""This joint success between CrayoNano and our customer marks the beginning acceleration in the adoption of UV-C LEDs in the water disinfection market  as our customer's products showcases the proven performance  reliability  and efficiency of our UV-C LEDs  meeting the stringent standards and qualifications required for real-world applications. Together we pave the way for future advancements in automated disinfection  reduction in the use of harmful chemicals  facilitating a future where clean water is more accessible  and contribute to a cleaner environment for everyone.About CrayoNanoCrayoNano develops and manufactures nanomaterials-based semiconductor components using proprietary technologies. Headquartered in Trondheim  Norway  with a branch office in Taiwan  CrayoNano supports its customers with global sales representatives and distributors in EMEA  APAC  and the Americas. CrayoNano's innovative semiconductor components advance global solutions in health and safety  water purification  consumer  and industrial applications  and more. CrayoNano is registered on Euronext OTC in Norway under the ticker ""CNANO"".For media and sales inquiries  please contact:CrayoNano MarketingEmail: marketing@crayonano.comPhone: +47 72 90 98 60Website: crayonano.com",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.5,0.48,0.02,True,English,"['Key UV-C LED Water Disinfection Customer', 'Volume Delivery', 'CrayoNano', 'UV-C LED water purification industry', 'Key UV-C LED Water Disinfection Customer', 'UV-C LED water purification solutions', 'CLH-N3S) UV-C LED components', 'POE) water disinfection systems', 'UV-C LED disinfection market', 'drinking water disinfection', 'water disinfection market', 'UV-C LED technology', 'nanomaterials-based semiconductor components', 'Q2 revenue generation', 'positive social impact', 'environmentally friendly solution', 'clean drinking water', 'UV-C LEDs systems', 'innovative semiconductor components', 'leading global players', 'strong market position', 'Global Sales Director', 'global sales representatives', 'successful high-volume delivery', 'global solutions', 'clean water', 'key customer', 'automated disinfection', 'UV-C light', 'disinfection products', 'global leader', 'innovative technologies', 'sales inquiries', 'industry-leading customer', 'CrayoLED™ H-Series', 'surface applications', 'significant shipment', 'operational excellence', 'harmful microorganisms', 'Stefan Stockbauer', 'reliable supplier', 'joint success', 'beginning acceleration', 'stringent standards', 'real-world applications', 'harmful chemicals', 'cleaner environment', 'proprietary technologies', 'branch office', 'industrial applications', 'Euronext OTC', 'healthier future', 'future advancements', 'commercial momentum', 'significant milestone', 'CrayoNano AS', 'CrayoNano Marketing', 'Trondheim', 'Norway', 'NOTC', 'CNANO', 'development', 'manufacturing', 'air', 'qualification', 'competitiveness', 'consumers', 'expertise', 'innovation', 'Use', 'POU', 'entry', 'safe', 'field', 'achievement', 'high-performing', 'relationship', 'mission', 'sustainable', 'adoption', 'proven', 'performance', 'reliability', 'efficiency', 'reduction', 'everyone', 'Taiwan', 'customers', 'distributors', 'EMEA', 'APAC', 'Americas', 'ticker', 'media', 'Email', 'Phone', 'Website']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2888097/0/en/For-the-third-consecutive-year-Akropolis-Group-maintains-its-BB-rating-with-a-stable-outlook-granted-by-S-P-Global-Ratings.html,For the third consecutive year  Akropolis Group maintains its BB+ rating with a stable outlook granted by S&P Global Ratings,The international rating agency  S&P Global Ratings  has reassessed the performance of the company and other circumstances based on which Akropolis Group  a shopping and entertainment centres management and development company  was previously granted BB+ rati…,The international rating agency  S&P Global Ratings  has reassessed the performance of the company and other circumstances based on which Akropolis Group  a shopping and entertainment centres management and development company  was previously granted BB+ rating with a stable outlook  and following the review  has affirmed the company’s rating for the third consecutive year.After analysing Akropolis Group’s financial results  current financial situation and outlooks for key financial indicators  S&P Global Ratings highlighted the Group’s growth in rental income and the positive development of its financial results  as well as the moderate growth in the value of the five shopping and entertainment centres Akropolis managed by the Group in Lithuania and Latvia and decided to uphold the BB+ credit rating with a stable outlook as previously granted to the company.“The rating by the international rating agency S&P Global Ratings is significant not only for Akropolis Group’s operations but also for our business partners and investors. The credit rating  affirmed for the third year in a row  reflects the stability of our operations  our strong position in the Baltic shopping centre market  and the growth of our results. This confirms that the shopping and entertainment centres managed by the Group are performing well and the Group is generating growing financial results ” comments Nerijus Maknevičius  the CEO and the Chairman of the Board of Akropolis Group.According to the forecasts in S&P Global Ratings’ rating review report  Akropolis Group should maintain its current debt to debt plus equity ratio and continue to increase rental income over the next 12 to 24 months.Akropolis Group was first rated by the international rating agencies S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings in May 2021.In June 2021  Akropolis Group successfully placed its debut EUR 300 million 5-year bond issue with 2.875% annual interest. The bonds of Akropolis Group are currently listed on Nasdaq Vilnius and Euronext Dublin stock exchanges.Based on the audited consolidated financial data  Akropolis Group earned rental income of EUR 84 million last year  and its earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) amounted to EUR 83.1 million  which is respectively 12% and 16% more than in 2022.For more information:Dominykas MertinasHead of Marketing and CommunicationsAKROPOLIS GROUP  UAB+370 64027001dominykas.mertinas@akropolis.ltAttachment,neutral,0.33,0.65,0.01,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['S&P Global Ratings', 'third consecutive year', 'Akropolis Group', 'BB+ rating', 'stable outlook', 'debut EUR 300 million 5-year bond issue', 'S&P Global Ratings’ rating review report', 'Euronext Dublin stock exchanges', 'Baltic shopping centre market', 'Nerijus Maknevičius', 'next 12 to 24 months', 'international rating agency', 'international rating agencies', 'key financial indicators', 'consolidated financial data', 'current financial situation', 'third consecutive year', 'BB+ credit rating', 'entertainment centres management', 'growing financial results', 'Fitch Ratings', 'BB+ rating', 'third year', 'other circumstances', 'stable outlook', 'rental income', 'positive development', 'five shopping', 'business partners', 'strong position', 'current debt', 'equity ratio', 'Nasdaq Vilnius', 'Akropolis Group', '2.875% annual interest', 'moderate growth', 'development company', 'Dominykas Mertinas', 'performance', 'outlooks', 'value', 'Lithuania', 'Latvia', 'operations', 'investors', 'stability', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'forecasts', 'May', 'June', 'bonds', 'earnings', 'tax', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'EBITDA', 'information', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Communications', 'UAB', 'Attachment']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41604,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ITALIAN-WINE-BRANDS-S-P-A-20125458/news/Italian-Wine-Brands-S-p-A-IWB-Corrective-Notice-2022-46818169/,Italian Wine Brands S p A : IWB Corrective Notice 2022,(marketscreener.com)      €130 000 000 Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Notes due 13 May 2027         CORRECTIVE PUBLIC NOTICE ON 2022 ANNUAL REPORT   Milan  May 24th  2024 The Issuer wishes to inform Bondholders that the annual financial report o…,"(the ""Issuer"")€130 000 000 Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Notes due 13 May 2027(ISIN: XS2331288212 / Common Code: 233128821)(the ""Bond"")CORRECTIVE PUBLIC NOTICE ON 2022 ANNUAL REPORTMilan  May 24th  2024 The Issuer wishes to inform Bondholders that the annual financial report of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (the ""2022 Annual Report"") was  in certain technical respects  not in full compliance with certain requirements of the Transparency (Directive 2004/109/EC) Regulations 2007 of Ireland (hereafter the ""Transparency Regulations 2007"")  International Financial Reporting Standards (hereafter ""IFRS"")  and the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (hereafter ""ESMA APM Guidelines"").This announcement relates to the conclusion by the Irish Auditing & Accounting Supervisory Authority (hereafter ""IAASA"") of the examination of the 2022 Annual Report.The Issuer is of the view that the items set out below do not materially impact the description of the Issuer's financial performance and position as set out in the 2022 Annual Report. IAASA confirmed that the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report remains on public record; therefore  the Issuer does not amend or restate the 2022 Annual Report.The Company's Directors wish to publish on Euronext Dublin this corrective public notice in respect to the 2022 Annual Report  which remains in public record  and set out certain undertakings in respect of its annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023.Transparency Regulations 2007The Transparency Regulations 2007 provide that the annual financial report shall include a responsibility statement stating: i) the name and function of the person who makes the responsibility statement; ii) that the financial statements  prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards  give a true and fair view of the assets  liabilities  financial position and profit or loss of the issuer and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and iii) that the management report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the issuer and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole  together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face.Considering that the 2022 Annual Report was signed by the responsible person (Mr. Alessandro Mutinelli  Chairman and CEO) that the 2022 Annual Report included a discussion of the relevant matters required by the Transparency Regulations 2007 and the 2022 Annual Report included a description of the principal risks and uncertainties  the Company's Directors are of the view that the disclosure included in the 2022 Annual Report was substantially compliant with the disclosure required by the Transparency Regulations 2007.However  to be fully compliant with the Transparency Regulations 2007  the Company's Directors undertake to include in future annual reports a specific ""Responsibility Statement"" paragraph signed by the Chairman and CEO and to include  as an integral part of the management report  a description of all principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group.IFRSCertain disclosures required by IFRS 3 - Business Combinations (hereafter ""IFRS 3"")  IFRS 8 - Operating Segments (hereafter ""IFRS 8"")  IFRS 16 - Leases (hereafter ""IFRS 16"")  IAS 1 - Presentation of Financial Statements (hereafter ""IAS 1"") and IAS 36 - Impairment of Assets (hereafter ""IAS 36"") have not been included in the 2022 Annual Report  have not been presented clearly or have not been incorporated because deemed not material.Such disclosures include the following:",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['Italian Wine Brands', 'IWB Corrective Notice', 'Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Notes', 'Irish Auditing & Accounting Supervisory Authority', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'specific ""Responsibility Statement"" paragraph', 'Mr. Alessandro Mutinelli', 'CORRECTIVE PUBLIC NOTICE', 'Directive 2004/109/EC) Regulations', 'future annual reports', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'ESMA APM Guidelines', 'annual financial report', 'The Transparency Regulations', 'accounting standards', 'Markets Authority', 'financial performance', 'financial statements', 'public record', '2022 ANNUAL REPORT', 'management report', 'Common Code', 'technical respects', 'full compliance', 'European Securities', 'Euronext Dublin', 'applicable set', 'fair review', 'principal risks', 'relevant matters', 'integral part', 'Operating Segments', 'financial position', 'The Company', 'responsible person', 'Business Combinations', 'Such disclosures', 'fair view', 'Issuer', 'ISIN', 'Bond', 'Milan', '24th', 'year', 'requirements', 'Ireland', 'IFRS', 'announcement', 'conclusion', 'IAASA', 'examination', 'items', 'description', 'Directors', 'undertakings', 'name', 'function', 'accordance', 'true', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'profit', 'loss', 'consolidation', 'development', 'uncertainties', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'discussion', 'Group', 'Leases', 'IAS', 'Presentation', 'Impairment']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41605,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2887757/0/en/Laurent-Perrier-Financial-Press-Release-Annual-results-2023-2024.html,Laurent-Perrier : Financial Press Release - Annual results 2023-2024,Laurent-Perrier GroupTours-sur-Marne  24 May 2024           Financial press releaseResults for the financial year 2023-2024  Further growth in...,"Laurent-Perrier Group Tours-sur-Marne  24 May 2024Financial press releaseResults for the financial year 2023-2024Further growth in earnings  underpinned by recognised qualityThe financial statements for the 2023-2024 financial year  which ended on 31 March 2024  were approved by the Management Board on 21 May 2024 and reviewed on the same day by the Supervisory Board  chaired by Mr Patrick THOMAS.The main audited consolidated financial data:In €MAt 31 March 2024 Financial year2022-2023 (N-1)(1 April 2022 -31 March 2023) Financial year2023-2024(1 April 2023 -31 March 2024) Change vs FY N-1 Champagne sales 301.8 303.5 + 0.5% Group turnover 307.8 312.5 + 1.5% Operating profit 84.9 95.1 + 12.0% Operating margin % (*) 28.1% 31.3% + 3.2 pts Net profit - Group share 58.5 63.6 + 8.7% Earnings per share (in Euros) €9.90 €10.74 + €0.84 Operating cash flow (**) + 57.8 + 0.9 - 56.9* Margin calculated on champagne sales only** Cash flow from operations - net investmentsCommenting on the half-year results  Mr Stéphane Dalyac  Chairman of the Management Board  stated:""The Laurent-Perrier Group recorded further growth in its results in a market context that was down on the previous two years. The investments in support of our brands that we have been making for several years  and the quality of our Champagnes  have enabled us once again to achieve a significant price-mix effect and  for the second time  to report Champagne sales in excess of 300 million euros.The Laurent-Perrier Group is thus maintaining the course of its strategy by continuing to rely on the excellence of its Champagnes  the quality of its teams  the strength of its brands and the control of its distribution.""Change in turnover:During the period from 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024  the global champagne market recorded a volume decline of -11.8% compared to the year N-1.Against this backdrop  the Group saw its sales volumes fall by 12.4% year-on-year over the same period. Despite this  Group turnover (champagne sales) for the year rose by +0.5% to €303.5 million at current exchange rates. This performance is due in particular to the value policy implemented in recent years  with a positive price/mix effect of +13.0% vs. year N-1.Change in profit:During the period from 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024  the Group continued to invest in long-term brand support (including the launch of an advertising campaign for its Grand Siècle champagne in a number of countries) and business development. This investment in sales enhancement contributes to the strength of the brands and the price/mix effect. All these factors helped to boost the Group's operating margin to a record 31.3% at current exchange rates.The Group share of net income also increased significantly. At current exchange rates  it stands at €63.6 million  representing 20.3% of the Group's turnover.Changes in operational cash flow and financial structure:Operating cash flow came to +€0.9 million for the 2023-2024 financial year  compared to +€57.8 million in the previous year  when the Group’s champagnes were on volume allocation. This result is due to the healthy business performance  exemplary inventory management and tight control of working capital requirements.The elements of the consolidated balance sheet for the year ended 31 March 2024 once again demonstrate the solidity of the Group's financial structure. Shareholders' equity  Group share  amounted to €597.6 million and net debt (*) stood at €191.6 million including available cash of €51.2 million. As a result  gearing also improved significantly  standing at 0.32 compared to 0.33 at 31 March 2023.(*) Net debt: financial liabilities and other non-current debts + current debts – available cashOutlook:In a time of geopolitical upheavals and economic uncertainties  the Laurent-Perrier Group is moving forward with vigilance but confidence  continuing to implement its business plan and maintaining its value strategy  built on four essential pillars:- exclusive focus on the creation and marketing of exceptional Champagnes - a portfolio of renowned and complementary brands - quality sourcing supported by a policy of solid partnerships - and well-controlled worldwide distribution.Laurent-Perrier is one of the rare family groups of champagne houses which is listed on the stock market  and which is exclusively dedicated to champagne  and focused on the high-end market. It has a large product portfolio renowned for its quality  based around the Laurent-Perrier  Salon  Delamotte and Champagne de Castellane brands.ISIN code: FR 0006864484Bloomberg: LPE:FPReuters: LPER.PA Laurent-Perrier belongs to compartment B of Euronext. Main index CAC All SharesIt is included in the composition of the EnterNext© indices PEA-PME 150 and Euronext® FAMILY BUSINESS.Stéphane DALYACLaurent-Perrier GroupTelephone: +33 3 26 58 91 22The audit procedures relating to the consolidated accounts for the 2023-2024 financial year have been carried outby the statutory auditors (KPMG and PwC) and the audit report is being issued.All the financial data will soon be published on the Laurent-Perrier Group's financial website:https://www.finance-groupelp.com/AppendicesAnalysis of champagne turnoverFY 2023-2024(1 April 2023 - 31 March 2024) Champagne sales (M€) 303.5 Change in % vs FY N-1 Total change + 0.5% o/w volume effect - 12.4% o/w price/mix effect + 13.0% o/w currency effect - 0.1%Elements of the consolidated balance sheetGroup - in € million At31 March 2023 At31 March 2024 Shareholders' equityGroup share 544.7 597.6 Net debt 179.9 191.6 Inventories and work in progress 592.8 644.1Financial agendaGeneral Meeting: 11 July 2024 at 4:00 p.m. in Reims  Hôtel de la Paix  9 rue BuiretteHalf-year results for the 2024-2025 financial year: End of November 2024 (date to be confirmed)Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Press Release', 'Annual results', 'Laurent-Perrier', 'Stéphane DALYAC Laurent-Perrier Group', 'Mr Stéphane Dalyac', 'Grand Siècle champagne', 'FY N-1 Champagne sales', 'Financial press release Results', 'Champagne de Castellane brands', 'Mr Patrick THOMAS', 'working capital requirements', 'four essential pillars', 'rare family groups', 'CAC All Shares', 'current exchange rates', 'significant price-mix effect', 'other non-current debts', 'operational cash flow', 'exemplary inventory management', 'positive price/mix effect', 'available cash Outlook', 'long-term brand support', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'large product portfolio', 'Operating cash flow', 'global champagne market', 'previous two years', 'healthy business performance', 'Euronext® FAMILY BUSINESS.', '2023-2024 financial year', 'The Laurent-Perrier Group', 'The Group share', '31 March 2024 Financial year', 'champagne houses', 'financial statements', 'financial data', 'business development', 'financial structure', 'financial liabilities', 'business plan', 'previous year', 'PA Laurent-Perrier', 'Management Board', 'half-year results', 'several years', 'sales volumes', 'recent years', 'sales enhancement', 'market context', 'stock market', 'high-end market', 'Operating profit', 'same day', 'Supervisory Board', 'volume decline', 'advertising campaign', 'operating margin', 'net income', 'volume allocation', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'net debt', 'geopolitical upheavals', 'economic uncertainties', 'exclusive focus', 'solid partnerships', 'ISIN code', 'compartment B', 'Main index', 'EnterNext© indices', 'audit procedures', 'consolidated accounts', 'statutory auditors', 'complementary brands', 'Net profit', 'Further growth', 'Group turnover', 'net investments', 'second time', '300 million euros', 'value policy', 'tight control', 'value strategy', 'worldwide distribution', 'same period', 'exceptional Champagnes', 'quality sourcing', 'Marne', '24 May', 'earnings', '21 May', 'April', '3.2 pts', 'operations', 'Chairman', 'excess', 'course', 'excellence', 'teams', 'strength', 'backdrop', 'launch', 'number', 'countries', 'factors', 'record', 'Changes', 'elements', 'solidity', 'gearing', 'vigilance', 'confidence', 'creation', 'marketing', 'renowned', 'Salon', 'Delamotte', 'Bloomberg', 'LPE', 'FP', 'Reuters', 'composition', 'PEA-PME', 'Telephone', 'KP', '€']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41606,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IKONISYS-S-A-124707080/news/Ikonisys-Announces-Postponement-of-the-Publication-of-Its-2023-Annual-Financial-Report-46820451/,Ikonisys Announces Postponement of the Publication of Its 2023 Annual Financial Report,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Ikonisys SA   a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  announces that the publication of its 2023 annual financ…,"Regulatory News:Ikonisys SA (Euronext Growth Paris: ALIKO)  a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  announces that the publication of its 2023 annual financial report will be further postponed and will be published by June 28  2024.As announced on April 29  2024  due to the internal reorganization following the acquisition of Hospitex  the Company experienced a technical delay in the finalization of its audited consolidated financial statements. The management expects to publish the audited 2023 Annual Financial Report by June 28  2024.The Annual General Shareholder meeting will take place in September.About IkonisysIkonisys SA is a cell-based diagnostics company based in Paris (France)  New Haven (Connecticut  USA) and Milan (Italy) specialized in the early and accurate detection of cancer. The company develops  produces and markets the proprietary Ikoniscope20® and Ikoniscope20max® platforms  fully-automated solutions designed to deliver accurate and reliable detection and analysis of rare and very rare cells. Ikonisys has received FDA clearance for several automated diagnostic applications  which are also marketed in Europe under CE certification. Through its breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform  the company continues to develop a stream of new tests  including liquid biopsy tests based on Circulating Tumor Cells (CTC).For further information  please go to www.Ikonisys.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's prospects and development. These statements are sometimes identified by the use of the future tense  the conditional tense and forward-looking words such as ""believe""  ""aim to""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""believe""  ""should""  ""could""  ""would"" or ""will"" or  where appropriate  the negative of these terms or any other similar variants or expressions. This information is not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data set forth will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. It is subject to change or modification due to uncertainties relating to the economic  financial  competitive and regulatory environment. This information contains data relating to the Company's intentions  estimates and objectives concerning  in particular  the market  strategy  growth  results  financial situation and cash flow of the Company. The forward-looking information contained in this press release is made only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information contained in this press release  except as required by applicable law or regulation. The Company operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment and therefore cannot anticipate all of the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of any one risk or combination of risks could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking information  it being recalled that none of this forward-looking information constitutes a guarantee of actual results.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240524096029/en/",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['2023 Annual Financial Report', 'Ikonisys', 'Postponement', 'Publication', 'The Annual General Shareholder meeting', 'breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform', 'unique, fully automated solution', 'several automated diagnostic applications', '2023 annual financial report', 'liquid biopsy tests', 'Circulating Tumor Cells', 'other similar variants', 'rapidly changing environment', 'medical analysis laboratories', 'consolidated financial statements', 'cell-based diagnostics company', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'automated solutions', 'financial situation', 'new tests', 'regulatory environment', 'other factors', 'The Company', 'Regulatory News', 'internal reorganization', 'technical delay', 'New Haven', 'proprietary Ikoniscope20®', 'Ikoniscope20max® platforms', 'reliable detection', 'rare cells', 'FDA clearance', 'CE certification', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'future tense', 'conditional tense', 'forward-looking words', 'cash flow', 'applicable law', 'potential impact', 'one risk', 'source version', 'accurate detection', 'looking information', 'Ikonisys SA', 'actual results', 'historical data', 'ALIKO', 'early', 'cancers', 'publication', 'June', 'April', 'acquisition', 'Hospitex', 'finalization', 'management', 'place', 'September', 'France', 'Connecticut', 'USA', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'stream', 'CTC', 'Disclaimer', 'prospects', 'development', 'use', 'terms', 'expressions', 'guarantee', 'facts', 'assumptions', 'estimates', 'change', 'modification', 'uncertainties', 'competitive', 'intentions', 'objectives', 'market', 'strategy', 'regulation', 'risks', 'business', 'extent', 'materialization', 'combination', 'none']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41607,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-Notice-of-a-Special-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-26-June-2024-46815715/,Econocom Group Se :  Notice of a Special General Meeting to be held on 26 June 2024,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATIONMay 24  2024Notice of a Special General Meetingto be held on 26 June 2024The Board of Directors of Econocom Group SE has decided to convene a Special General Meeting to be held on 26 June 2024 …,"Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATIONMay 24  2024Notice of a Special General Meetingto be held on 26 June 2024The Board of Directors of Econocom Group SE has decided to convene a Special General Meeting to be held on 26 June 2024 at 12am  at the headquarters Place du Champ de Mars 5  1050 Brussels  in order to vote in particular on :the appointment of BDO Bedrijfsrevisoren SRL (registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 0431.088.289) as statutory auditor for a term of three years  expiring at the end of the annual general meeting of the year 2027 and to fix its remuneration;(registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 0431.088.289) as statutory auditor for a term of three years  expiring at the end of the annual general meeting of the year 2027 and to fix its remuneration; the extension  also for a period of three years  of the mandate of the new statutory auditor BDO Bedrijfsrevisoren SRL   to issue the assurance opinion on the sustainability report provided for by European Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of 14 December 2022 (CSRD)  as transposed into Belgian law and to fix its remuneration for this assignment; and  to issue the provided for by European Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of 14 December 2022 (CSRD)  as transposed into Belgian law and to fix its remuneration for this assignment; and the appointment of Mrs Sophie Guieysse as an independent director of Econocom Group SE  for a term of 4 years  with immediate effect and ending at the close of the annual general meeting to be held in 2028.In order to participate in the Special General Meeting  the Company's shareholders must comply with articles 28 and 29 of the Company's articles of association and fulfil the formalities described in the convening notice.The convening notice and all information and the documents in relation to the Special General Meeting are available on the website (https://www.econocom.com/en/investors/general-meetings) and at Econocom Group's headquarters.ABOUT ECONOCOMThe Econocom Group  created 50 years ago  is a pioneer in supporting the digital transformation of companies. Its solutions  focused on the development and transformation of the workplace  audiovisual & digital signage as well as infrastructure  cover the full range of responsibilities and expertise necessary for any digital venture: from the design phase and help in the choice of the solution to the deployment of the equipment and outsourcing. It includes the purchase or rental of equipment  customisation  associated and managed services  as well as the reconditioning of end-of-life equipment.Present in 16 countries with more than 8 800 employees  Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  Bel Mid and Family Business indices. It generated revenue of €2 681 million in 2023.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comInvestor and shareholder relations: eric.bazile@econocom.comFinancial communications agency: info@capvalue.fr +33 1 80 81 50 00This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xpyeZ5SbaGqXlW9vaMuZmmVjm2plxJPIZ5SVlJKZacmYnGxhlmmWaZSZZnFmnmlp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85943-pr-gm-26.06.2024-eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['Special General Meeting', 'Econocom Group', 'Notice', '26 June', 'headquarters Place du Champ de Mars', 'Special General Meeting', 'BDO Bedrijfsrevisoren SRL', 'annual general meeting', 'Mrs Sophie Guieysse', 'Family Business indices', 'Financial communications agency', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'new statutory auditor', 'Econocom Group SE', 'The Econocom Group', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'other releases', 'Crossroads Bank', 'assurance opinion', 'sustainability report', 'European Directive', 'Belgian law', 'independent director', 'immediate effect', 'digital signage', 'digital venture', 'design phase', 'managed services', 'Bel Mid', 'shareholder relations', 'three years', 'convening notice', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Inside Information', 'digital transformation', 'full range', 'life equipment', '4 years', '26 June', 'Board', 'Directors', '12am', '1050 Brussels', 'order', 'appointment', 'Enterprises', 'number', 'term', 'remuneration', 'extension', 'period', 'mandate', '14 December', 'CSRD', 'assignment', 'close', 'Company', 'shareholders', 'articles', 'association', 'formalities', 'documents', 'website', 'investors', 'general-meetings', 'ABOUT', 'pioneer', 'companies', 'solutions', 'development', 'audiovisual', 'infrastructure', 'responsibilities', 'expertise', 'choice', 'deployment', 'outsourcing', 'purchase', 'rental', 'customisation', 'associated', 'reconditioning', '16 countries', '8,800 employees', 'Euronext', 'revenue', 'MORE', 'eric', 'bazile', 'capvalue', 'publication', 'xpyeZ5SbaGqXlW9vaMuZmmVjm2plxJPIZ5SVlJKZacmYnGxhlmmWaZSZZnFmnmlp', 'PDF', 'email', '1 80', '2024']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41608,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2887772/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.9224 £ 25.0240 Estimated MTD return 0.85 % 0.92 % Estimated YTD return 1.36 % 1.85 % Estimated ITD return 179.22 % 150.24 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.17 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.08 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.8362 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.2284The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41609,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2887771/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.9224 £ 25.0240 Estimated MTD return 0.85 % 0.92 % Estimated YTD return 1.36 % 1.85 % Estimated ITD return 179.22 % 150.24 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.17 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.08 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.8362 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.2284The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41610,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/24/2888081/0/en/Guerbet-Hugues-Lecat-appointed-Chairman-of-the-Board-of-Directors-of-Guerbet.html,Guerbet : Hugues Lecat appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of Guerbet.,Hugues Lecat appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of Guerbet  Villepinte  24 May 2024: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in...,Hugues Lecat appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of GuerbetVillepinte  24 May 2024: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast products and solutions for medical imaging  is announcing the appointment of Hugues Lecat as Chairman of the Board of Directors  in accordance with the previously announced timetable (press release of 20 March 2024).Following the approval of his appointment as director at the Annual General Meeting held today at the registered office  the Board of Directors of Guerbet unanimously decided to appoint Hugues Lecat as Chairman of the Board of Directors  on the recommendation of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee. This dual appointment puts an end with immediate effect to his duties as “censeur” (non-voting director) since 20 March 2024.Didier Izabel will remain a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee until the end of his term of office in 2026.“I would like to thank all the shareholders and members of the Board of Directors of Guerbet  including Didier Izabel  for their trust in me. I am particularly excited to be given this role at a time when the Group is embarking on a strategic acceleration on several fronts  in particular by strengthening its leadership in MRI and bringing highly innovative AI solutions to market. I will strive to contribute to this acceleration by putting my expertise and deep passion for the healthcare industry at the service of Guerbet ” said Hugues Lecat.Hugues Lecat is a graduate of the NEOMA business school in Rouen and holds an MBA from INSEAD. He began his career in the pharmaceutical sector at Medtronic France in the mid-1990s  where he quickly demonstrated his skills in business development and financial management. In 1999  Hugues moved to the commercial operations arm of Aventis Pharma France  where he was Chief Financial Officer for four years. He subsequently held several senior management positions  including CEO of Théraplix  a subsidiary of Aventis Pharma specialising in pain treatment and OTC products  and CEO of Sanofi-Aventis OTC. In 2009  Hugues became CEO of Cooper Consumer Health  before joining Ethypharm in 2010. As its Chairman and CEO  Hugues transformed Ethypharm from its original focus on galenic development into an international pharmaceutical group focused on the central nervous system and injectable products for hospitals. He has been Chairman of the Supervisory Board since 2019. Hugues was also a member of the Board of Directors of NOVASEP on behalf of BPI between 2012 and 2017.Guerbet’s Board of Directors is now composed of 12 members:Hugues Lecat  Chairman of the Board  Independent Director*Pascale Auger  Independent Director*Carine Dagommer  DirectorMarie De La Simone  Employee DirectorMark Fouquet  DirectorEric Guerbet  DirectorDidier Izabel  Independent Director*Céline Lamort  DirectorNicolas Louvet  DirectorClaire Massiot-Jouault  DirectorMarc Massiot  DirectorJean-Sébastien Raynaud  Employee Director*These 3 directors may be qualified as independent members in accordance with the criteria of the Afep-Medef Code.Next event :Publication of 1st half 2024 revenue25 July 2024 after market closeAbout GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a leader in medical imaging worldwide  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. A pioneer in contrast media for 97 years  with more than 2 920 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 10% of our sales to research and development in four centres in France  the United States and Israel. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €786 million in revenue in 2023.Contacts:GuerbetJérôme Estampes  Chief Financial Officer +33 (0)1 45 91 50 00 / jerome.estampes@guerbet.comChristine Allard  Head of Communications +33 (0)6 30 11 57 82 / christine.allard@guerbet.comActifinMarianne Py  Financial Communications +33 (0)1 80 48 25 31 / marianne.py@seitosei-actifin.comJennifer Jullia  Press +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19 / jennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.02,positive,0.78,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Hugues Lecat', 'Guerbet', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Marie De La Simone', 'Jérôme Estampes', 'several senior management positions', 'Annual General Meeting', 'commercial operations arm', 'Cooper Consumer Health', 'central nervous system', 'Céline Lamort', 'Jean-Sébastien Raynaud', 'NEOMA business school', 'Chief Financial Officer', '1st half 2024 revenue', 'innovative AI solutions', 'international pharmaceutical group', 'Aventis Pharma France', 'financial management', 'several fronts', 'pharmaceutical sector', 'pharmaceutical products', 'business development', 'global specialist', 'contrast products', 'medical imaging', 'Remuneration Committee', 'immediate effect', 'Didier Izabel', 'Audit Committee', 'deep passion', 'healthcare industry', 'Medtronic France', 'Théraplix', 'pain treatment', 'OTC products', 'Sanofi-Aventis OTC', 'original focus', 'injectable products', 'Pascale Auger', 'Carine Dagommer', 'Mark Fouquet', 'Nicolas Louvet', 'Claire Massiot-Jouault', 'Marc Massiot', 'Afep-Medef Code', 'Next event', 'lasting relationships', 'comprehensive range', 'medical devices', 'interventional imaging', 'contrast media', 'four centres', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'segment B', 'mid caps', 'Christine Allard', 'christine.allard', 'Financial Communications', 'galenic development', 'Hugues Lecat', 'FR0000032526 GBT', 'press release', 'registered office', 'strategic acceleration', 'four years', 'voting director', 'Independent Director', 'Employee Director', 'dual appointment', 'independent members', 'Guerbet Villepinte', 'Eric Guerbet', 'Supervisory Board', 'Marianne Py', 'Jennifer Jullia', '97 years', '12 members', 'Chairman', 'Directors', '24 May', 'accordance', 'timetable', '20 March', 'approval', 'recommendation', 'Appointments', 'duties', 'censeur', 'term', 'shareholders', 'trust', 'role', 'leadership', 'MRI', 'highly', 'market', 'expertise', 'service', 'graduate', 'Rouen', 'MBA', 'INSEAD', 'career', 'mid-1990s', 'skills', 'CEO', 'subsidiary', 'Ethypharm', 'hospitals', 'NOVASEP', 'behalf', 'BPI', 'criteria', 'Publication', 'people', 'purpose', 'digital', 'diagnostic', 'pioneer', '2,920 employees', 'sales', 'research', 'Israel', 'Contacts', 'jerome', 'Head', 'Actifin', 'seitosei', 'Attachment', '1 45', '6 30']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,globenewswire.com
41611,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/24/brown-advisory-inc-acquires-141-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Brown Advisory Inc. Acquires 141 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Brown Advisory Inc. increased its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1.6% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 9 020 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after acqu…,Brown Advisory Inc. increased its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1.6% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 9 020 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after acquiring an additional 141 shares during the period. Brown Advisory Inc.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $2 751 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of PSA. Independent Advisor Alliance purchased a new stake in Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at about $219 000. Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. boosted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 10.6% in the fourth quarter. Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. now owns 743 893 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $221 534 000 after purchasing an additional 71 428 shares during the period. Laffer Tengler Investments Inc. grew its stake in Public Storage by 3.9% in the fourth quarter. Laffer Tengler Investments Inc. now owns 20 947 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $6 389 000 after purchasing an additional 777 shares in the last quarter. Fairhaven Wealth Management LLC increased its holdings in Public Storage by 15.9% during the 4th quarter. Fairhaven Wealth Management LLC now owns 8 912 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2 718 000 after purchasing an additional 1 225 shares during the period. Finally  Beacon Pointe Advisors LLC increased its holdings in Public Storage by 0.6% during the 4th quarter. Beacon Pointe Advisors LLC now owns 11 439 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3 489 000 after purchasing an additional 69 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Insider ActivityIn other Public Storage news  Director Kristy Pipes acquired 2 149 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday  May 14th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $278.96 per share  for a total transaction of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the purchase  the director now directly owns 2 149 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $599 485.04. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC  which is available through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Analyst Ratings ChangesA number of research firms have recently issued reports on PSA. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price target on the stock. BMO Capital Markets increased their target price on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday  March 19th. Barclays reduced their price target on shares of Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday. Raymond James upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday  March 28th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $280.00 to $310.00 in a report on Friday  April 5th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating  six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  Public Storage has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $304.75.Check Out Our Latest Analysis on PSAPublic Storage Stock PerformanceShares of PSA stock opened at $274.36 on Friday. The company has a current ratio of 0.54  a quick ratio of 0.54 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59. The company has a market cap of $48.21 billion  a PE ratio of 24.92  a PEG ratio of 3.95 and a beta of 0.57. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $233.18 and a 12-month high of $312.25. The business’s fifty day simple moving average is $274.91 and its 200-day simple moving average is $278.92.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.15 by ($1.94). The business had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.62% and a return on equity of 36.17%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year  the company earned $4.16 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.91 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe company also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be paid a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday  June 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.37%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is presently 108.99%.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['Brown Advisory Inc.', 'Public Storage', '141 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'fifty day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'real estate investment trust', 'Fairhaven Wealth Management LLC', 'Beacon Pointe Advisors LLC', 'Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc.', 'Laffer Tengler Investments Inc.', 'other Public Storage news', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Brown Advisory Inc.', 'other large investors', 'other institutional investors', 'Independent Advisor Alliance', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', 'equal weight” rating', 'Director Kristy Pipes', 'market perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'current fiscal year', 'Get Free Report', 'consensus price target', 'average price', 'consensus rating', 'current ratio', 'market cap', '$250.00 price target', 'target price', 'One analyst', 'Moderate Buy', 'consensus estimate', 'analyst estimates', 'sell” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', '$330.00 price objective', 'Hedge funds', 'Insider Activity', 'Corporate insiders', 'research firms', 'Raymond James', 'research note', 'Wells Fargo', 'Latest Analysis', 'quick ratio', 'PE ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'net margin', 'year basis', 'prior year', 'June 27th', 'fourth quarter', 'recent quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'research report', 'recent filing', 'new stake', 'total transaction', 'equity ratio', '12-month low', 'quarterly revenue', 'quarterly dividend', 'SEC website', 'earnings results', 'additional 141 shares', 'additional 71,428 shares', 'additional 777 shares', 'additional 1,225 shares', 'additional 69 shares', 'same period', 'NYSE:PSA', 'PSA stock', '4.16 earnings', '16.91 earnings', '9,020 shares', '743,893 shares', '20,947 shares', '8,912 shares', '11,439 shares', '2,149 shares', 'holdings', 'number', 'company', 'business', 'completion', 'purchase', 'acquisition', 'reports', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'Thursday', 'Friday', 'April', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'debt', 'beta', 'February', 'EPS', 'return', 'Analysts', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', '11.']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,etfdailynews.com
41612,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/24/coldstream-capital-management-inc-has-481000-stock-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Coldstream Capital Management Inc. Has $481 000 Stock Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Coldstream Capital Management Inc. lifted its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 5.9% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 576 shares of th…,Coldstream Capital Management Inc. lifted its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 5.9% in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 576 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 88 shares during the period. Coldstream Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $481 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Several other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of PSA. MainStreet Investment Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in Public Storage by 15.1% in the 4th quarter. MainStreet Investment Advisors LLC now owns 17 715 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5 403 000 after purchasing an additional 2 327 shares during the last quarter. BI Asset Management Fondsmaeglerselskab A S grew its stake in Public Storage by 117.5% in the 4th quarter. BI Asset Management Fondsmaeglerselskab A S now owns 49 626 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $15 136 000 after buying an additional 26 810 shares during the last quarter. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new position in Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth $232 000. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Public Storage during the 4th quarter worth $821 151 000. Finally  ING Groep NV boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 207.7% during the fourth quarter. ING Groep NV now owns 2 665 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $813 000 after acquiring an additional 1 799 shares during the period. 78.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.Get Public Storage alerts:Insider ActivityIn other news  Director Kristy Pipes acquired 2 149 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday  May 14th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $278.96 per share  with a total value of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the purchase  the director now owns 2 149 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $599 485.04. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC  which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 11.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders.Wall Street Analyst Weigh InPSA has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Barclays cut their price objective on Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  January 30th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective on the stock. Raymond James raised shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday  March 28th. Wells Fargo & Company upgraded shares of Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $280.00 to $310.00 in a research report on Friday  April 5th. Finally  Scotiabank increased their target price on shares of Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Monday  March 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have issued a hold rating  six have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $304.75.Get Our Latest Research Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Stock Down 3.1 %Shares of PSA opened at $274.36 on Friday. The company has a quick ratio of 0.54  a current ratio of 0.54 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $274.91 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $278.92. The stock has a market cap of $48.21 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.92  a P/E/G ratio of 3.95 and a beta of 0.57. Public Storage has a 12 month low of $233.18 and a 12 month high of $312.25.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 EPS for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.15 by ($1.94). Public Storage had a return on equity of 36.17% and a net margin of 45.62%. The company had revenue of $1.16 billion for the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. During the same quarter last year  the business earned $4.16 EPS. Public Storage’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.91 EPS for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday  June 12th. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.37%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is presently 108.99%.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['Coldstream Capital Management Inc.', '$481,000 Stock Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'BI Asset Management Fondsmaeglerselskab A S', 'Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'Coldstream Capital Management Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'MainStreet Investment Advisors LLC', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'several research analyst reports', '50-day moving average price', 'One equities research analyst', 'Several other hedge funds', 'ING Groep NV', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'current fiscal year', 'equal weight” rating', 'sector perform” rating', 'average price target', 'recent 13F filing', 'Director Kristy Pipes', 'Latest Research Report', 'market perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'recent reporting period', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'average rating', 'Public Storage Stock', 'average cost', 'other news', 'Equities analysts', '$330.00 price target', 'target price', 'research note', 'price objective', 'Norges Bank', 'current ratio', 'market cap', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'Exchange Commission', 'new position', 'institutional investors', 'Insider Activity', 'May 14th', 'total value', 'corporate insiders', 'Raymond James', 'Wells Fargo', 'April 5th', 'MarketBeat.com', 'quick ratio', 'earnings ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'earnings results', 'consensus estimate', 'net margin', 'ex-dividend date', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'same quarter', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'equity ratio', '12 month low', 'quarterly revenue', 'quarterly dividend', 'additional 88 shares', 'additional 2,327 shares', 'additional 26,810 shares', 'additional 1,799 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '1,576 shares', '17,715 shares', '49,626 shares', '2,665 shares', '2,149 shares', 'holdings', 'company', 'Securities', 'stake', 'firm', 'transaction', 'Tuesday', 'completion', 'purchase', 'acquisition', 'hyperlink', 'subject', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'coverage', 'January', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Friday', 'Scotiabank', 'data', 'debt', 'beta', 'February', 'return', 'business', '16.91 EPS', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', '45.']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,etfdailynews.com
41613,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-S-A-NOTICE-OF-MEETING-COMBINED-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-SHAREHOLDERS-Form-6-K-46821936/,Cellectis S A : NOTICE OF MEETING COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE OF MEETING   COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS   OF JUNE 28  2024   The shareholders are hereby informed that they are convened to the combined general meeting to be held on June 28  2024 at 2:30 p.m. at the Bio…,"NOTICE OF MEETING COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF JUNE 28  2024 The shareholders are hereby informed that they are convened to the combined general meeting to be held on June 28  2024 at 2:30 p.m. at the Biopark auditorium  11 rue Watt  4th floor  75013 Paris  France  for the purpose of considering the following agenda: Agenda under the competence of the ordinary general meeting - management report of the Board of Directors including the report on corporate governance and presentation by the Board of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  - reports of the auditors on the annual financial statements and the agreements referred to in Article L. 225-38 of the French Commercial Code  - auditors' report on the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  - management report of the Group and presentation of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  1. approval of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  2. approval of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  3. allocation of the results for the financial year ended December 31  2023  4. allocation of losses carried forward to the ""share premium"" account  5. review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (financing agreement with Bpifrance)  6. review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (subsidy and repayable advance agreement with Bpifrance)  7. renewal of the appointment of Mr. André Choulika as a member of the board of directors  8. renewal of the appointment of Mr. David Sourdive as a member of the board of directors  9. renewal of the appointment of J.M.H. Conseil as statutory auditor  10. appointment of KPMG as statutory auditor  11. authorization to the Board of Directors to buy back shares of the Company  1Agenda under the competence of the extraordinary general meeting 12. authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to reduce the share capital by cancelling shares under the authorization for to buy back its own shares  13. up-date of Article 24 of the articles of association ""Loss of one half of share capital"" in order to comply with legal provisions  14. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of the European Investment Bank or of other entities that may succeed EIB  according to any finance agreement entered or be entered  15. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (investors with experience in the health or biotech sector)  16. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares or any securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (credit institutions  investment services providers or members of an investment pool guaranteeing the completion of the considered issue)  17. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (industrial companies  institutions or entities active in the health or biotechnology sector)  18. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics the framework of an equity or bond financing agreement  19. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of ordinary shares to be issued immediately or in the future by the Company  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights  to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics within the framework of an equity financing program on the American market known as ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM""  20. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to immediately or in the future increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities giving access to the share capital  with the shareholders' preferential subscription rights maintained  21. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital immediately or in the future through the issue of ordinary shares or any securities  with cancellation of the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights by way of a public offering (other than the offers referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code)  22. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital immediately or in the future through the issue of ordinary shares or any securities  with cancellation of' pre-emptive subscription rights by way of an offering referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  223. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the amount of each of the issues with or without pre-emptive subscription rights which will be decided pursuant to the above delegations  24. determination of the total amount of the capital increases that may be carried out under the aforementioned delegations (excluding the share capital increase with upholding of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights and the share capital increase in favor of the European Investment Bank or of other entities that may succeed EIB  according to any finance agreement)  25. delegation of authority to be granted to the board of directors to increase the capital by incorporation of premiums  reserves  profits or other  26. authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to grant options to subscribe for or purchase ordinary shares in the Company  entailing a waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights  27. authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to proceed with free allocations of ordinary shares of the Company  to the benefit of employees and/or corporate officers of the Company and its subsidiaries  entailing the waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights  28. determination of the total amount of the capital increases that may be carried out by virtue of the aforementioned authorization to grant options to subscribe for or purchase shares and the aforementioned authorization to grant free shares  29. delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors for the purpose of carrying out a capital increase whose subscription will be reserved for members of a company savings plan established pursuant to Articles L. 3332-1 et seq. of the Labor Code. First resolution Approval of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the management report of the Board of Directors including the corporate governance report for the year ended December 31  2023 and the statutory auditors' report on the annual financial statements and corporate governance  approves the annual financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023  resulting in a loss of 104 392 234 euros  as presented to it  as well as the transactions reflected in such financial statements and summarized in said reports  notes that the accounts do not show any expenses and charges referred to in Article 39-4 of the General Tax Code  nor any excess depreciation. Second resolution Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having read the report on the management of the group during the financial year ending December 31  2023 and on the consolidated financial statements for that year  as well as the auditors' report on the said financial statements  3approves the annual financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023  resulting in a loss of 108 443 000 US dollars as presented to it  as well as the transactions reflected in such financial statements and summarized in said reports. Third resolution Allocation of the results for the financial year ended December 31  2023 The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the management report of the Board of Directors  noting that the loss for the financial year ending December 31  2023 amounts to the sum of 104 392 234 euros  resolves to allocate said loss to the ""retained earnings"" account  which  as a result  will be negative up to this amount. In accordance with Article 243 bis of the French General Tax Code  it is recalled that no dividend has been distributed for the last three financial years. Fourth resolution Allocation of losses carried forward to the ""share premium"" account  The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the management report of the Board of Directors  noting that the ""retained earnings"" account amounts to 104 392 234 euros after allocation of the losses for the financial year ending December 31  2023  and that the ""share premium"" account amounts to 228 505 568 euros as of December 31  2023  decides to charge all the losses recorded in the ""retained earnings"" account to the ""share premium"" account  which is thus reduced to 124 113 334 euros  notes that as a result the ""retained earnings"" account is completely cleared. Fifth resolution Review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (financing agreement with Bpifrance) The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the auditors' special report  approves the agreement entered into with Bpifrance  under which Bpifrance will finance over a 12-month period the Company's claim against the French Treasury in respect of the Research Tax Credit  the conclusion of which was authorized by the Board of Directors at its meeting of August 3  2023. 4Sixth resolution Review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (subsidy and repayable advance agreement with Bpifrance) The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the auditors' special report  approves the subsidy and repayable advance agreement entered into with Bpifrance    the conclusion of which was authorized by the Board of Directors at its meeting of August 3  2023. Seventh resolution Renewal of the appointment of Mr. André Choulika as a member of the board of directors The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  notes that the term of office as Director of Mr. André Choulika is due to expire at the close of this General Meeting  resolves to renew the terms of office of Mr. André Choulika for a term of three (3) years due to expire at the end of the annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders called to approve the accounts for the financial year ending December 31  2026. Mr. André Choulika has already accepted the renewal of his appointment. Eighth resolution Renewal of the appointment of Mr. David Sourdive as a member of the board of directors The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  notes that the term of office as Director of Mr. David Sourdive is due to expire at the close of this General Meeting  resolves to renew the terms of office of Mr. David Sourdive for a term of three (3) years due to expire at the end of the annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders called to approve the accounts for the financial year ending December 31  2026. Mr. David Sourdive has already accepted the renewal of his appointment. Ninth resolution Renewal of the appointment of J.M.H. Conseil as statutory auditor The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  5notes that the term of office as statutory auditor of J.M.H. Conseilis due to expire at the close of this General Meeting  resolves to renew the terms of office of J.M.H. Conseilas statutory auditor for a six fiscal-year period  due to expire at the end of the annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders called to approve the accounts for the financial year ending December 31  2029. Tenth resolution Appointment of KPMG SA as statutory auditor The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  notes that the term of office as statutory auditor of Ernst & Young et Autres is due to expire at the close of this General Meeting  resolves to appoint KPMG SA as statutory auditor for a six fiscal-year period  due to expire at the end of the annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders called to approve the accounts for the financial year ending December 31  2029. Eleventh resolution Authorization to the Board of Directors to buy back shares of the Company The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  authorizes the Board of Directors to acquire shares in the Company under the conditions set out in Articles L. 22-10-62 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  resolves that the acquisition  sale or transfer of these shares may be carried out by any means  on one or more occasions  in particular on the market or over-the-counter  including by acquisition or sale of blocks  public offers  using option or derivative mechanisms  under the conditions provided for by the market authorities and in compliance with the applicable regulations  resolves that the authorization may be used in order: - to ensure the liquidity of the Company's shares under a liquidity agreement entered into with an investment services provider  in accordance with the market practice accepted by the financial markets authority with regard to share liquidity agreements  - to honor obligations related to stock option programs  free share grants  employee savings schemes or other share allocations to employees and managers of the Company or its affiliates  - to deliver shares on the exercise of rights attached to securities giving access to the capital  - to purchase shares to be held and subsequently remitted in exchange or as payment market in the context of possible external growth transactions  in compliance with stock market practices permitted by the financial markets authority  - to cancel some or all of the shares so repurchased  6- more generally  to operate for any purpose which may be authorized by law or any market practice which may be permitted by the market authorities  it being specified that in such a case the Company will inform its shareholders by means of a press release  resolves to set the maximum unit purchase price per share (excluding fees and commissions) at 10 euros  with an overall ceiling of 10 000 000 euros  it being specified that this purchase price will be subject to any adjustments which may be necessary to take into account transactions affecting the share capital (in particular in the event of the incorporation of reserves and the free allocation of shares  share splits or reverse splits) which may occur during the period of validity of this authorization  notes that the maximum number of shares which may be purchased pursuant to this resolution may not at any time exceed 10% of the total number of shares comprising the share capital at any time  it being specified that (i) when the shares are acquired for the purpose of promoting the liquidity of the Company's shares  the number of shares taken into account for the calculation of this limit will correspond to the number of shares purchased less the number of shares resold during the term of the authorization and (ii) when the shares are to be retained and subsequently remitted in payment or exchange in connection with a merger  demerger or contribution  the number of shares acquired may not exceed 5% of the total number of shares  grants all powers to the Board of Directors  with the right to sub-delegate under the conditions provided for by law  to implement this authorization  to place all stock market orders  to conclude all agreements under the conditions permitted by law  to carry out all formalities  procedures and declarations with the financial markets authority and all other competent bodies and  in general  to do whatever is necessary. This authorization is granted for a period of eighteen (18) months as from the present Meeting and terminates any previous authorization having the same purpose. Twelfth resolution Authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to reduce the share capital by cancelling shares under the authorization to buy back its own shares The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' special report  authorizes the Board of Directors  in accordance with Article L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code  to cancel on one or more occasions up to a maximum limit of 10% of the amount of the share capital per twenty-four (24) month period all or part of the shares acquired by the Company and to reduce the share capital accordingly  it being specified that this limit applies to an amount of share capital which will  if applicable  be adjusted to take into account any transactions affecting it subsequent to the date of this Meeting  resolves that any excess of the purchase price of the shares over their nominal value will be charged to the share  merger or contribution premium account or to any available reserve account  including the legal reserve  provided that this does not become less than 10% of the capital reduction performed  grants all powers to the Board of Directors  with the right to sub-delegate under the conditions provided for by law  to carry out all acts  formalities or declarations with a view to finalizing the capital reductions that may be carried out by virtue of the present authorization and to amend the Company's Bylaws accordingly This authorization is granted for a period of eighteen (18) months as from the present Meeting and terminates any previous authorization having the same purpose. 7Thirteenth resolution Up-date of Article 24 of the articles of association ""Loss of one half of share capital"" in order to comply with legal provisions The General Meeting  ruling under the conditions of quorum and majority required for extraordinary general meetings  having considered the report of the board of directors  resolves to amend Article 24 of the Articles of Association ""Loss of one half of share capital"" as follows  in order to comply with the legal provisions concerning the procedures for restoring shareholders' equity in the event of a loss of one half of share capital: ""ARTICLE 24 ~ LOSS OF ONE HALF OF SHARE CAPITAL If  as a result of losses recorded in the accounting documents  the company's shareholders' equity falls below half of the share capital  the Board of Directors is required  within four months of the approval of the financial statements showing this loss  to convene an Extraordinary General Meeting to decide whether the company should be wound up early. If the company is not wound up  it must  by the end of the second financial year following that in which the losses were recognised  restore its shareholders' equity to a value at least equal to half of its share capital or  subject to Article L. 224-2  reduce its share capital by the amount necessary to bring the value of its shareholders' equity to at least half of its share capital. In both cases  the resolution adopted by the General Meeting is published in accordance with the regulatory procedures. If  before the deadline referred to in the second paragraph of this article  the shareholders' equity has not been reconstituted to a value at least equal to half of the share capital  even though the company's share capital exceeds a threshold set by decree by the Conseil d'Etat according to the size of its balance sheet  the company is required  at the latest at the close of the second financial year following this deadline  to reduce its share capital  subject to article L. 224-2  to a value less than or equal to this threshold. If  in application of the fourth paragraph of this article  the company has reduced its share capital without reconstituting its shareholders' equity and subsequently carries out a capital increase  it must bring itself back into compliance with the provisions of the same fourth paragraph before the end of the second financial year following that in which the increase took place. If no General Meeting is held  or if the General Meeting was unable to validly deliberate on the last notice of meeting  any interested party may apply to the courts for the company to be wound up. The same applies if the provisions of the fourth paragraph have not been applied. In all cases  the court may grant the company a maximum period of six months to rectify the situation. It may not order the dissolution of the company if  on the day it rules on the merits of the case  the situation has been regularized. The provisions of this article do not apply to companies in safeguard or receivership proceedings or benefiting from a safeguard or receivership plan."" 8Fourteenth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of the European Investment Bank (EIB) or of other entities that may succeed EIB  according to any finance agreement entered or be entered with EIB The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions the French Commercial Code and  in particular  Articles L. 22-10-49  L. 225-12-2  L. 225-135 L-225-138 and L. 228-91 et seq.  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the legal conditions  its authority to decide  on one or more occasions  in the proportions and at the times it sees fit  both in France and abroad  the issue of ordinary shares of the Company as well as any securities that are giving access to equity securities (including  in particular  share subscription warrants or share issue warrants)  or giving right to the allocation of debt securities  said shares or other securities may be issued in euros  in a foreign currency or in any monetary currency or in any monetary units established by reference to several currencies  at the discretion of the Board of Directors  resolves that the securities so issued may consist of debt securities  be associated with the issue of such securities or permit the issue of such securities as intermediated securities  resolves that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  is set at 155 000 euros or its equivalent in foreign currency  to which shall be added  if applicable  the nominal value of additional shares or securities to be issued  if any  in order to preserve  in accordance with the law and as the case may be to the applicable contractual provisions  the rights of the holders of securities and other rights giving access to the capital  resolves that the total nominal amount of the issues of debt securities giving access to the capital which may be realized in this way may not exceed 300 000 000 euros (or the equivalent value of this amount in the case of an issue in another currency)  it being specified that: - this amount will be increased  if applicable  by any redemption premium above par  - this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code  the issue of which are decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions determined by the Company in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the French Commercial Code  resolves to cancel the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the Company's ordinary shares and/or any securities and/or debt securities to be issued in favor of the European Investment Bank (EIB) under any existing or future financing agreement between EIB and the Company (a ""Financing Agreement"") or any successor entity to EIB under any Financing Agreement  specifies  insofar as necessary  that pursuant to Article L. 225-132 of the French Commercial Code  the decision to issue securities giving access to the capital also entails the waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription right to the equity securities to which the securities issued will give entitlement  resolves that the sum received  or to be received  by the Company for each of the shares issued within the framework of the aforementioned delegation shall be at least equal to the nominal value of the said shares on the date of issue  and resolves furthermore that the issue price of the new shares which may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be at least equal to the average price of a share 9on the Euronext Growth market (or in the event of failure to list on this market  on any other market on which the Company's shares are then listed)  weighted by volumes  during the last three trading sessions prior to the setting of the issue price  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  taking into account  if applicable  the date of dividend entitlement  it being specified that (i) in the event of the issue of securities giving access to the share capital  the issue price of the ordinary shares which may be issued as a result of their exercise  conversion or exchange of such securities may be set  at the Board's discretion  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the Board and applicable after the issue of such securities (e.g. upon their exercise  conversion or exchange)  in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the Board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of the said formula (and not on the date of setting the issue price) and (ii) the issue price of the securities giving access to the share capital  if any  issued pursuant to this resolution shall be such that the amount  if any  received immediately by the Company  plus the amount which may be received by the Company upon exercise or conversion of such securities  shall be  for each share issued as a result of the issue of such securities  at least equal to the minimum amount referred to above  resolves that the Board of Directors  under the conditions provided for by law  shall have all powers to implement the present delegation  in particular  without this list being exhaustive  to: - decide on the amount of the capital increase  the issue price (it being specified that the issue price will be determined in accordance with the terms set out above) and the amount of the premium that may  if applicable  be requested at the time of the issue  - determine the dates  terms and conditions of any issue as well as the form and characteristics of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  - the dividend entitlement date  which may be retroactive  of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  and the method of paying up the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  - draw up a list of beneficiaries within the above-mentioned category of persons and the number of shares to be awarded to each of them  - at its sole initiative and when it deems appropriate  charge the costs  duties and fees incurred in connection with the capital increases carried out pursuant to the delegation referred to in this resolution against the amount of the premiums relating to such transactions and deduct from the amount of such premiums the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new capital after each transaction  - record the completion of each capital increase and make the corresponding amendments to the Company Bylaws; - in general  enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the successful completion of the planned issues  take all measures and carry out all formalities necessary for the issue  listing and financial service of the securities issued pursuant to this delegation and the exercise of the rights attached thereto  - take any decision with a view to the admission of the shares and securities so issued to any market on which the shares of the Company may be admitted to trading  specifies that the delegation thus granted to the Board of Directors is valid for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of this Meeting and terminates any previous delegation having the same purpose  notes the fact that should the Board of Directors make use of the delegation of authority granted to it in this resolution  the Board will report to the next Ordinary General Meeting  in accordance with the law and regulations  on the use made of the authorizations granted in this resolution. 10Fifteenth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (investors with experience in the health or biotech sector) The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions the French Commercial Code and  in particular  Articles L. 22-10-49  L. 225-12-2  L. 225-135 L-225-138 and L. 228-91 et seq.  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the legal conditions  its authority to decide  on one or more occasions  in the proportions and at the times it sees fit  both in France and abroad  the issue of ordinary shares of the Company as well as any securities that are giving access to equity securities (including  in particular  share subscription warrants or share issue warrants)  or giving right to the allocation of debt securities  said shares or other securities may be issued in euros  in a foreign currency or in any monetary currency or in any monetary units established by reference to several currencies  at the discretion of the Board of Directors  resolves that the securities so issued may consist of debt securities  be associated with the issue of such securities or permit the issue of such securities as intermediated securities  resolves that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  is set at 1 499 333 euros (representing 30% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened)  or its equivalent in foreign currency  to which shall be added  if applicable  the nominal value of additional shares or securities to be issued  if any  in order to preserve  in accordance with the law and as the case may be to the applicable contractual provisions  the rights of the holders of securities and other rights giving access to the capital  resolves that this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  resolves that the total nominal amount of the issues of debt securities giving access to the capital which may be realized in this way may not exceed 300 000 000 euros (or the equivalent value of this amount in the case of an issue in another currency)  it being specified that: - this amount will be increased  if applicable  by any redemption premium above par  - this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  - this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code  the issue of which are decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions determined by the Company in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the French Commercial Code  resolves to cancel the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the Company's ordinary shares and/or any securities and/or debt securities to be issued in favor of the following category of beneficiaries: - natural or legal persons (including any companies)  trusts  and investment funds  or other investment vehicles of whatever form (including  without limitation  any investment fund or venture capital company  in particular any FPCI  FCPI or FIP)  whether or not they are shareholders of the 11Company  who habitually invest or have invested (including  where applicable  in the form of loans or debt securities  whether convertible or not)  at least 5 million euros over the last 36 months in the health or biotechnology sector  specifies  insofar as necessary  that pursuant to Article L. 225-132 of the French Commercial Code  the decision to issue securities giving access to the capital also entails the waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription right to the equity securities to which the securities issued will give entitlement  resolves that the sum received  or to be received  by the Company for each of the shares issued within the framework of the aforementioned delegation shall be at least equal to the nominal value of the said shares on the date of issue  and resolves furthermore that the issue price of the new shares which may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be at least equal to the average price of a share on the Euronext Growth market (or in the event of failure to list on this market  on any other market on which the Company's shares are then listed)  weighted by volumes  during the last three trading sessions prior to the setting of the issue price (the ""3-day VWAP"")  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  taking into account  if applicable  the date of dividend entitlement; provided  however  that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  at a discount to the 3-day VWAP  may not exceed 999 555.35 euros (representing 20% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened); and being specified that (i) in the event of the issue of securities giving access to the share capital  the issue price of the ordinary shares which may be issued as a result of their exercise  conversion or exchange of such securities may be set  at the Board's discretion  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the Board and applicable after the issue of such securities (e.g. upon their exercise  conversion or exchange)  in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the Board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of the said formula (and not on the date of setting the issue price) and (ii) the issue price of the securities giving access to the share capital  if any  issued pursuant to this resolution shall be such that the amount  if any  received immediately by the Company  plus the amount which may be received by the Company upon exercise or conversion of such securities  shall be  for each share issued as a result of the issue of such securities  at least equal to the minimum amount referred to above  resolves that the Board of Directors  under the conditions provided for by law  shall have all powers to implement the present delegation  in particular  without this list being exhaustive  to: - decide on the amount of the capital increase  the issue price (it being specified that the issue price will be determined in accordance with the terms set out above) and the amount of the premium that may  if applicable  be requested at the time of the issue  - determine the dates  terms and conditions of any issue as well as the form and characteristics of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  - the dividend entitlement date  which may be retroactive  of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  and the method of paying up the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  - draw up a list of beneficiaries within the above-mentioned category of persons and the number of shares to be awarded to each of them  - at its sole initiative and when it deems appropriate  charge the costs  duties and fees incurred in connection with the capital increases carried out pursuant to the delegation referred to in this resolution against the amount of the premiums relating to such transactions and deduct from the amount of such premiums the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new capital after each transaction  - record the completion of each capital increase and make the corresponding amendments to the Company Bylaws; - in general  enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the successful completion of the planned issues  take all measures and carry out all formalities necessary for the issue  listing and 12financial service of the securities issued pursuant to this delegation and the exercise of the rights attached thereto  - take any decision with a view to the admission of the shares and securities so issued to any market on which the shares of the Company may be admitted to trading  specifies that the delegation thus granted to the Board of Directors is valid for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of this Meeting and terminates any previous delegation having the same purpose  notes the fact that should the Board of Directors make use of the delegation of authority granted to it in this resolution  the Board will report to the next Ordinary General Meeting  in accordance with the law and regulations  on the use made of the authorizations granted in this resolution. Sixteenth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (e.g. credit institution  investment services provider or member of an investment pool guaranteeing the completion of the issue in question)  including  as the case may  within the framework of an equity financing program known as ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM"". The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions the French Commercial Code and  in particular  Articles L. 22-10-49  L. 225-12-2  L. 225-135 L-225-138 and L. 228-91 et seq.  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the legal conditions  its authority to decide  on one or more occasions  in the proportions and at the times it sees fit  both in France and abroad  the issue of ordinary shares of the Company (including as the case may  represented by American Depositary Shares or American Depositary Receipts  notably within the framework of an equity financing program known as ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM"" on the American market)  as well as any securities that are equity securities giving access to equity securities (including  in particular  share subscription warrants or share issue warrants)  or giving right to the allocation of debt securities  said shares or other securities may be issued in euros  in a foreign currency or in any monetary unit established by reference to several currencies at the discretion of the Board of Directors  resolves that the securities so issued may consist of debt securities  be associated with the issue of such securities or permit the issue of such securities as intermediated securities  resolves that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  is set at 1 499 333 euros (representing 30% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened)  or its equivalent in foreign currency  to which shall be added  if applicable  the nominal value of additional shares or securities to be issued  if any  in order to preserve  in accordance with the law and as the case may be to the applicable contractual provisions  the rights of the holders of securities and other rights giving access to the capital  resolves that this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  The total nominal amount of the issues of debt securities giving access to the capital which may be carried out in this way may not exceed 300 000 000 euros (or the equivalent value of this amount in the case of an issue in another currency)  it being specified that: 13- this amount will be increased  if applicable  by any redemption premium above par  - this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  - this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code  the issue of which is decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions determined by the Company in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the French Commercial Code  resolves to cancel the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the Company's ordinary shares and/or any securities and/or debt securities to be issued in favor of the following category of beneficiaries: - any credit institution  any investment services provider or member of an investment pool  whether French or foreign  undertaking to guarantee the completion of the capital increase or any issue which may lead to a capital increase in the future that may be carried out by virtue of this delegation  specifies  insofar as necessary  that pursuant to Article L. 225-132 of the French Commercial Code  the decision to issue securities giving access to the capital also entails the waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription right to the equity securities to which the securities issued will give entitlement  resolves that the sum received  or to be received  by the Company for each of the shares issued within the framework of the aforementioned delegation shall be at least equal to the nominal value of the said shares on the date of issue  and resolves furthermore that the issue price of the new shares which may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be at least equal to the average price of a share on the Euronext Growth market (or in the event of failure to list on this market  on any other market on which the Company's shares are then listed)  weighted by volumes  during the last three trading sessions prior to the setting of the issue price  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  taking into account  if applicable  the date of dividend entitlement  provided  however  that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  at a discount to the 3-day VWAP  may not exceed 999 555.35 euros (representing 20% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened); and being specified that (i) in the event of the issue of securities giving access to the share capital  the issue price of the ordinary shares which may be issued as a result of their exercise  conversion or exchange of such securities may be set  at the Board's discretion  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the Board and applicable after the issue of such securities (e.g. upon their exercise  conversion or exchange)  in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the Board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of the said formula (and not on the date of setting the issue price) and (ii) the issue price of the securities giving access to the share capital  if any  issued pursuant to this resolution shall be such that the amount  if any  received immediately by the Company  plus the amount which may be received by the Company upon exercise or conversion of such securities  shall be  for each share issued as a result of the issue of such securities  at least equal to the minimum amount referred to above  resolves that the Board of Directors  under the conditions provided for by law  shall have all powers to implement the present delegation  in particular  without this list being exhaustive  to: - decide on the amount of the capital increase  the issue price (it being specified that the issue price will be determined in accordance with the terms set out above) and the amount of the premium that may  if applicable  be requested at the time of the issue  - determine the dates  terms and conditions of any issue as well as the form and characteristics of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  14- fix the dividend entitlement date  which may be retroactive  of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  and the method of paying up the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  - draw up a list of beneficiaries within the above-mentioned category of persons and the number of shares to be awarded to each of them  - at its sole initiative and when it deems appropriate  charge the costs  duties and fees incurred in connection with the capital increases carried out pursuant to the delegation referred to in this resolution against the amount of the premiums relating to such transactions and deduct from the amount of such premiums the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new capital after each transaction  - record the completion of each capital increase and make the corresponding amendments to the Company Bylaws; - in general  enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the successful completion of the planned issues  take all measures and carry out all formalities necessary for the issue  listing and financial service of the securities issued pursuant to this delegation and the exercise of the rights attached thereto  - take any decision with a view to the admission of the shares and securities so issued to any market on which the shares of the Company may be admitted to trading  specifies that the delegation thus granted to the Board of Directors is valid for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of this Meeting and terminates any previous delegation having the same purpose  notes the fact that should the Board of Directors make use of the delegation of authority granted to it in this resolution  the Board will report to the next Ordinary General Meeting  in accordance with the law and regulations  on the use made of the authorizations granted in this resolution. Seventeenth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (industrial companies  institutions or entities active in the health or biotechnology sector) The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles of the French Commercial Code and  in particular  Articles L. 22-10-49  L. 225-129-2  L. 225-135 L-225-138 and L. 228-91 et seq.  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the legal conditions  its authority to decide  on one or more occasions  in the proportions and at the times it sees fit  both in France and abroad  the issue of ordinary shares of the Company as well as any securities that are equity securities giving access to equity securities (including  in particular  share subscription warrants or share issue warrants)  or giving right to the allocation of debt securities  said shares or other securities may be issued in euros  in a foreign currency or in any monetary unit established by reference to several currencies at the discretion of the Board of Directors  resolves that the securities so issued may consist of debt securities  be associated with the issue of such securities or permit the issue of such securities as intermediated securities  15resolves that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  is set at 1 499 333 euros (representing 30% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened)  or its equivalent in foreign currency  to which shall be added  if applicable  the nominal value of additional shares or securities to be issued  if any  in order to preserve  in accordance with the law and as the case may be to the applicable contractual provisions  the rights of the holders of securities and other rights giving access to the capital  resolves that this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  The total nominal amount of the issues of debt securities giving access to the capital which may be carried out in this way may not exceed 300 000 000 euros (or the equivalent value of this amount in the case of an issue in another currency)  it being specified that: - this amount will be increased  if applicable  by any redemption premium above par  - this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  - this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code  the issue of which is decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions determined by the Company in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the French Commercial Code  resolves to cancel the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the shares and securities to be issued and to reserve the subscription of the shares and securities covered by this resolution for the following category of beneficiaries: - industrial companies  institutions or entities of any kind  French or foreign  active in the health or biotechnology sector  directly or through a controlled company or a company over which they are controlled within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 I of the French Commercial Code  where applicable  when entering into a commercial agreement  a financing contract or a partnership with the Company  specifies  insofar as necessary  that pursuant to Article L. 225-132 of the French Commercial Code  the decision to issue securities giving access to the capital also entails the waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription right to the equity securities to which the securities issued will give entitlement  resolves that the sum received  or to be received  by the Company for each of the shares issued within the framework of the aforementioned delegation shall be at least equal to the nominal value of the said shares on the date of issue  and resolves furthermore that the issue price of the new shares likely to be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be at least equal to the average of the prices of a share on the Euronext Growth market (or in the absence of listing on this market on any other market on which the Company's shares are then listed)  weighted by volumes  for the last three trading sessions prior to the setting of the issue price  taking into account  if applicable  the date from which the shares carry dividend rights  it being specified that (i) in the event of the issue of securities giving access to the share capital  the issue price of the ordinary shares which may be issued upon their exercise  conversion or exchange of such securities may be set  at the Board's discretion  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the Board and applicable after the issue of such securities (e.g. upon their exercise  conversion or exchange)  in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the Board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of the said formula (and not on the date of setting the issue price) and (ii) the issue price of the securities giving access to the share capital  if any  issued pursuant to this resolution shall be such that the amount  if any  received immediately by the Company  plus the amount likely to be received by the Company upon exercise or conversion of such securities  shall be  for each share issued as a result of the issue of such securities  at least equal to the minimum amount referred to above  16resolves that the Board of Directors  under the conditions provided for by law  shall have all powers to implement the present delegation  in particular  without this list being exhaustive  to: - decide on the amount of the capital increase  the issue price (it being specified that the issue price will be determined in accordance with the terms set out above) and the amount of the premium that may  if applicable  be requested at the time of the issue  - determine the dates  terms and conditions of any issue as well as the form and characteristics of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  - fix the dividend entitlement date  which may be retroactive  of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  and the method of paying up the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  - draw up a list of beneficiaries within the above-mentioned category of persons and the number of shares to be awarded to each of them  - at its sole initiative and when it deems appropriate  charge the costs  duties and fees incurred in connection with the capital increases carried out pursuant to the delegation referred to in this resolution against the amount of the premiums relating to such transactions and deduct from the amount of such premiums the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new capital after each transaction  - record the completion of each capital increase and make the corresponding amendments to the Company Bylaws; - in general  enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the successful completion of the planned issues  take all measures and carry out all formalities necessary for the issue  listing and financial service of the securities issued pursuant to this delegation and the exercise of the rights attached thereto  - take any decision with a view to the admission of the shares and securities so issued to any market on which the shares of the Company may be admitted to trading  specifies that the delegation thus granted to the Board of Directors is valid for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of this Meeting and terminates any previous delegation having the same purpose  notes the fact that should the Board of Directors make use of the delegation of authority granted to it in this resolution  the Board will report to the next Ordinary General Meeting  in accordance with the law and regulations  on the use made of the authorizations granted in this resolution. Eighteenth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics in the framework of an equity or bond financing agreement The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles of the French Commercial Code and  in particular  Articles L. 22-10-49  L. 225-129-2  L. 225-135  L. 225-138 and L. 228-91 et seq.  delegates to the Board of Directors its authority to decide on the issue  on one or more occasions  in the proportions and at the times it shall determine  of one or more capital increases by the issue  in 17France or abroad  of ordinary shares of the Company or of equity securities giving access to equity securities (including  subscription warrants or issuance warrants) or giving right to the allocation of debt securities  said shares or securities being able to be issued in euros  in a foreign currency or in any monetary unit established by reference to several currencies  at the discretion of the Board of Directors  resolves that the securities thus issued may consist of debt securities  be associated with the issue of such securities (in particular  share warrants attached to bonds or issued to subscribers to such bonds) or permit their issue as intermediated securities  resolves to cancel the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the Company's ordinary shares and/or any securities and/or debt securities to be issued in favor of the following categories of persons: - any credit institution  investment services provider  investment fund or company undertaking to subscribe for or guarantee the completion of the capital increase or any issue of securities which may result in a future capital increase (including  in particular  through the exercise of share warrants) which may be carried out pursuant to this delegation of authority in connection with the implementation of an equity or bond financing contract  notes  where necessary  that this delegation automatically entails  where applicable  the express waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights to the shares to which these securities will entitle them in favor of the holders of the securities thus issued  resolves that the total nominal amount of the share capital increases which may be carried out immediately and/or in the future pursuant to this delegation may not exceed 1 499 333 euros (representing 30% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened)  or its equivalent in foreign currency  to which shall be added  where applicable  the additional amount of shares to be issued to preserve  in accordance with legal or regulatory provisions and  where applicable  applicable contractual stipulations  the rights of holders of securities and other rights giving access to shares  resolves that this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  resolves to set at 300 000 000 (or the equivalent value of this amount in the event of an issue in another currency) the maximum nominal amount of debt securities which may be issued pursuant to this delegation  it being specified that: - this amount will be increased  if applicable  by any redemption premium above par  - this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  - this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code  the issue of which is decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions determined by the Company in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the French Commercial Code  resolves that the sum to be received  or meant to be received  by the Company for each of the shares issued within the framework of the aforementioned delegation shall be at least equal to the nominal value of the said shares on the date of issue  and resolves furthermore that the issue price of the new shares likely to be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be at least equal to the average of the prices of a share on the Euronext Growth market (or in the absence of listing on this market on any other market on which the Company's shares are then listed)  weighted by volumes  for the last three trading sessions prior to the setting of the issue price  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  taking into account  if applicable  the date from which the shares carry dividend rights provided  however  that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  at a discount to the 3-day VWAP  may not exceed 999 555.35 euros (representing 20% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting 18was convened); and being specified that (i) in the event of the issue of securities giving access to the share capital  the issue price of the ordinary shares which may be issued upon their exercise  conversion or exchange of such securities may be set  at the Board's discretion  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the Board and applicable after the issue of such securities (e.g. upon their exercise  conversion or exchange)  in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the Board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of the said formula (and not on the date of setting the issue price) and (ii) the issue price of the securities giving access to the share capital  if any  issued pursuant to this resolution shall be such that the amount  if any  received immediately by the Company  plus the amount which may be received by the Company upon exercise or conversion of such securities  shall be  for each share issued as a result of the issue of such securities  at least equal to the minimum amount referred to above  specifies that the delegation thus granted to the Board of Directors is valid for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of this Meeting and terminates any previous delegation having the same purpose  resolves that the Board of Directors shall have full powers  with the option to sub-delegate such powers in accordance with the law  to implement this delegation of authority in accordance with the conditions laid down by law and the Bylaws  in particular to: - decide on the amount of the capital increase  the issue price (it being specified that the issue price will be determined in accordance with the terms set out above) and the amount of the premium that may  if applicable  be requested at the time of the issue  - determine the dates  terms and conditions of any issue as well as the form and characteristics of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  - the dividend entitlement date  which may be retroactive  of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  and the method of paying up the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  - draw up a list of beneficiaries within the above-mentioned category of persons and the number of shares to be awarded to each of them  - at its sole initiative and when it deems appropriate  charge the costs  duties and fees incurred in connection with the capital increases carried out pursuant to the delegation referred to in this resolution against the amount of the premiums relating to such transactions and deduct from the amount of such premiums the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new capital after each transaction  - record the completion of each capital increase and make the corresponding amendments to the Company Bylaws; - in general  enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the successful completion of the planned issues  take all measures and carry out all formalities necessary for the issue  listing and financial service of the securities issued pursuant to this delegation and the exercise of the rights attached thereto  - take any decision with a view to the admission of the shares and securities so issued to any market on which the shares of the Company may be admitted to trading  notes the fact that should the Board of Directors make use of the delegation of authority granted to it in this resolution  the Board will report to the next Ordinary General Meeting  in accordance with the law and regulations  on the use made of the authorizations granted in this resolution. 19Nineteenth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of ordinary shares to be issued immediately or in the future by the Company  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights  to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics within the framework of an equity financing program on the American market known as ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM"". The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles of the French Commercial Code  and in particular Articles L. 225-135  L. 225-129-2 L-225-138 and L. 228-91 et seq.  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right of sub-delegation under the conditions provided for by law  its authority to proceed  on one or more occasions  in France and/or abroad  in such proportions and at such times as it shall see fit  with the issue  in euros or in a foreign currency  or in any other monetary unit established by reference to several currencies  with the cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription right  of ordinary shares of the Company in the form of American Depositary Shares or American Depositary Receipts  resolves that the total nominal amount of the capital increases which may be carried out under this delegation may not exceed 1 499 333 euros (representing 30% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened)  it being specified that this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  resolves to cancel the shareholders' preferential subscription right to the shares that may be issued pursuant to this resolution and to reserve the shares to be issued pursuant to this resolution for the following category of beneficiaries  namely: - any French or foreign credit institution or investment services provider  or any foreign institution with equivalent status  acting within the framework of an ATM program set up by the Company (or any equity financing program of the same nature that may be substituted for it) and providing  within this framework  for the subscription of securities issued by the Company. resolves that the Board of Directors  with the right of sub-delegation under the conditions provided for by law  shall determine the precise list of beneficiaries of this or these reserved capital increase(s) within this category of persons and the number of shares to be allocated to each of them  resolves that if the subscriptions have not absorbed the totality of an issue of shares by virtue of this resolution  the Board of Directors may limit the issue to the amount of the subscriptions on condition that the latter reaches at least three-quarters of the issue decided upon  resolves that the issue price of the ordinary shares to be issued within the framework of this resolution shall be set by the Board of Directors  with the option of sub-delegation under the conditions provided for by law  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-138 II and shall be at least equal to the volume-weighted average price of the Company's shares on the Euronext Growth market of Euronext in Paris during the last trading session prior to the setting of the issue price  resolves that the Board of Directors shall have full powers  with the option to sub-delegate such powers in accordance with the law  to implement this resolution  in particular for the following purposes: - determine the characteristics  amount and terms of any issue as well as of the securities issued  in particular  the category of securities issued and set  taking into account the indications contained in its report  their subscription price  with or without premium  the terms of their payment (which may be made in cash and/or by offsetting liquid and payable debts or 20partly in cash and partly by incorporation of reserves  profits or issue premiums)  their date of entitlement to dividends  which may be retroactive; - charge  if it deems necessary  the costs of the capital increases against the amount of the premiums relating to these increases and deduct from this amount the sums necessary to bring the legal reserve to one tenth of the new capital after each increase; - enter into any agreement  in particular with a view to the successful completion of any issue  in order to carry out  on one or more occasions  in the proportions and at the times it deems appropriate  in France and/or  where applicable  abroad  the above-mentioned issues  as well as  where applicable  to postpone them; - arrange  if necessary  for the admission of the ordinary shares to trading on the Euronext Growth market of Euronext in Paris and/or any other financial market outside the European Economic Area; and - record the completion of the capital increases resulting from this resolution and amend the Bylaws accordingly  as well as carry out any formalities and declarations and request any authorizations that may be necessary for the completion and proper performance of these issues  resolves that this authorization is granted for a period of 18 months from the date of this meeting. Twentieth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any other securities  with the shareholders' preferential subscription rights maintained   The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code and  in particular  Articles L. 225-129 to L. 225-129-6  L. 22-10-49  L. 225-132  L. 225-133  L. 225-134  L. 228-91  L. 228-92 and L. 228-93 thereof  delegates to the Board of Directors  with powers to delegate and sub-delegate as permitted by law  its authority to decide  in the proportions and at the times it sees fit  on one or more capital increases by issuing  in France or abroad  ordinary shares of the Company or equity securities giving access to other equity securities or giving entitlement to the allotment of debt securities  and/or securities (including in particular all debt securities) giving access to equity securities of the Company or of any company which directly or indirectly owns more than half of its capital or of which it owns directly or indirectly more than half of the capital  such securities being issuable in euros  in foreign currency or in any monetary unit whatsoever established by reference to several currencies at the discretion of the Board of Directors  and which may be paid up in cash  including by offsetting debts  resolves that the securities so issued may consist of debt securities  be associated with the issue of such securities or permit the issue of such securities as intermediated securities  resolves that the shareholders shall have  in proportion to the amount of their shares  a preferential subscription right to the ordinary shares or securities which may be issued pursuant to this delegation  grants the Board of Directors the right to grant shareholders the right to subscribe  on a reducible basis  to a number of shares or securities greater than that which they could subscribe on an irreducible basis  in proportion to the rights they hold and  in any event up to the limit of their request  21resolves to set at 2 498 888 euros  (or the equivalent of this amount in the event of an issue in another currency) the maximum nominal amount of capital increases likely to be carried out  immediately and/or in the future  by virtue of this resolution  it being specified that to this ceiling will be added  if necessary  the nominal value of the shares to be issued to preserve  in accordance with the law  and  if necessary  with the applicable contractual stipulations   the rights of holders of securities and other rights giving access to capital  resolves to establish at 300 000 000 euros (or the equivalent value of this amount in the event of an issue in another currency) the maximum nominal amount of debt securities which may be issued pursuant to this delegation  it being specified that: - this amount will be increased  if applicable  by any redemption premium above par  - this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code  the issue of which is decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions determined by the Company in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the French Commercial Code  resolves that  if subscriptions have not absorbed the entire issue  the Board of Directors may use one or other of the following options  in the order it shall determine: - limit the issue to the amount of the subscriptions  provided that they reach at least three-quarters of the issue initially decided  - freely allocate all or part of the unsubscribed securities issued among the persons of its choice  and - offer to the public  on the French or international market  all or part of the issued securities not subscribed  resolves that issues of warrants to subscribe for shares in the Company may be carried out by cash subscription  but also by free allocation to owners of existing shares  resolves that in the event of a free allocation of warrants  the Board will have the power to decide that fractional allocation rights will not be negotiable and that the corresponding securities will be sold  notes  where necessary  that this delegation automatically entails  in favor of the holders of the securities (if any) issued pursuant to this delegation  the express waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights to the shares to which these securities will entitle them  resolves that the Board of Directors shall have full powers  with the option to sub-delegate such powers in accordance with the law  to implement this delegation of authority in accordance with the conditions laid down by law and the Bylaws  in particular to: - determine the dates  terms and conditions of any issue as well as the form and characteristics of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  with or without premium  - set the amounts to be issued  the date from which the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued will carry dividend rights  which may be retroactive  the method of paying them up and  where applicable  the terms and conditions for exercising rights to exchange  convert  redeem or otherwise allocate shares or securities giving access to the capital  - make any adjustments required pursuant to legal or regulatory provisions and  where applicable  applicable contractual stipulations  to protect the rights of holders of securities and other rights giving access to the Company's capital  and - suspend  where applicable  the exercise of the rights attached to such securities for a maximum period of three months  22resolves that the Board of Directors may: - at its sole initiative and when it deems appropriate  charge the costs  duties and fees incurred in connection with the capital increases carried out pursuant to the delegation referred to in this resolution against the amount of the premiums relating to such transactions and deduct from the amount of such premiums the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new capital  after each transaction  - take all measures and carry out all formalities required for the admission of the securities thus issued to listing on the regulated market of Euronext Growth Paris and any other market on which the Company's shares may then be listed  - take all measures  enter into all commitments and carry out all formalities required for the successful completion of the proposed issue  as well as for the purpose of making the resulting capital increase definitive  and make the corresponding amendments to the Bylaws of the Company. notes that  should the Board of Directors use the delegation of authority granted to it under this resolution  it will report thereon to the next ordinary general meeting in accordance with the law and regulations  resolves that this delegation is granted for a period of twenty-six (26) months from the date of this meeting and supersedes any prior authorization having the same purpose. Twenty-first resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any other securities  with cancellation of shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights  by way of a public offering (other than the offerings referred to in paragraph 1 of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code and  in particular  Articles L. 225-129 to L. 225-129-6  L. 22-10-49  L. 225-135  L. 225-135-1  L. 225-136  L. 228-91  L. 228-92 and L. 228-93 thereof  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to delegate and subdelegate in accordance with the law  its authority to decide  by way of a public offering  excluding the offerings referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code  to issue on one or more occasions and in the proportions and at the times it sees fit  in France or abroad  ordinary shares of the Company (including  where applicable  represented by American Depositary Shares or American Depositary Receipts) or equity securities giving access to other equity securities or giving entitlement to the allocation of debt securities  and/or securities (including in particular all debt securities) giving access to equity securities of the Company or of any company that directly or indirectly owns more than half of its capital or of which it directly or indirectly owns more than half of the capital  which securities may be issued in euros  in a foreign currency or in any monetary unit established by reference to several currencies  at the discretion of the Board of Directors  and which may be paid up in cash  including by offsetting debts  resolves that the securities so issued may consist of debt securities  be associated with the issue of such securities or permit the issue of such securities as intermediated securities  23resolves that the public offers decided upon by virtue of this resolution may be combined  within the framework of a single issue or several issues carried out simultaneously  with the offers referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  resolves in consequence to cancel the shareholders' preferential subscription right on the ordinary shares or securities issued pursuant to this delegation  notes  where necessary  that this delegation automatically entails  in favor of the holders of the securities (if any) issued pursuant to this delegation  the express waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights to the shares to which these securities will entitle them  resolves to establish at 1 499 333 euros (representing 30% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened)  or the equivalent value of this amount in the event of an issue in another currency  the maximum nominal amount of share capital increases which may be issued pursuant to this delegation  it being specified that: - the maximum nominal amount of the capital increases which may be carried out immediately or in the future pursuant to this delegation will be deducted from the overall ceiling provided for in the Twenty-fourth resolution Twenty-fourth resolution below  - to these ceilings shall be added  where applicable  the nominal value of the shares to be issued in order to preserve  in accordance with the law and where applicable the relevant contractual stipulations  the rights of the holders of securities and other rights giving access to the capital  resolves to establish at 300 000 000 euros (or the equivalent value of this amount in the event of an issue in another currency) the maximum nominal amount of debt securities which may be issued pursuant to this delegation  it being specified that: - this amount will be increased  if applicable  by any redemption premium above par  - this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  - this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code  the issue of which is decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions determined by the Company in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the French Commercial Code  resolves that  if subscriptions have not absorbed the entire issue  the Board of Directors may use one or other of the following options  in the order it shall determine: - limit the issue to the amount of the subscriptions  provided that they reach at least three-quarters of the issue initially decided  - freely allocate all or part of the unsubscribed securities issued among the persons of its choice  and - offer to the public  on the French or international market  all or part of the issued securities not subscribed  resolves that the issue price of the shares issued by virtue of this delegation shall be determined by the Board of Directors and shall be at least equal to the average of the prices of a share on the Euronext Growth market (or in the absence of listing on this market  on any other market on which the Company's shares are then listed)  weighted by volumes  of the last 3 trading sessions preceding the setting of the issue price (the ""3-day VWAP"")  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%; provided  however  that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  at a discount to the 3-day VWAP  may not exceed 999 555.35 euros (representing 20% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened); and  being specified that if  at the time of the use of this delegation  24the Company's shares were admitted to trading on a regulated market  the price would be set in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code)  taking into account  if applicable  their dividend entitlement date  and it being specified that the issue price of the securities giving access to the share capital  if any  issued by virtue of this resolution shall be such that the amount received immediately by the Company  plus the amount that may be received by the Company upon exercise or conversion of said securities  shall be at least equal to the aforementioned minimum amount for each share issued as a result of the issue of said securities  resolves that the Board of Directors shall have full powers  with the option to sub-delegate such powers in accordance with the law  to implement this delegation of authority in accordance with the conditions laid down by law and the Bylaws  in particular to: - determine the dates  terms and conditions of any issue as well as the form and characteristics of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  with or without premium  - set the amounts to be issued  the date from which the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued will carry dividend rights  which may be retroactive  the method of paying them up and  where applicable  the terms and conditions for exercising rights to exchange  convert  redeem or otherwise allocate shares or securities giving access to the capital  - make any adjustments required pursuant to legal or regulatory provisions and  where applicable  applicable contractual stipulations  to protect the rights of holders of securities or other rights giving access to the Company's capital  and - suspend  where applicable  the exercise of the rights attached to such securities for a maximum period of three months  resolves that the Board of Directors may: - at its sole initiative and when it deems appropriate  charge the costs  duties and fees incurred in connection with the capital increases carried out pursuant to the delegation referred to in this resolution against the amount of the premiums relating to such transactions and deduct from the amount of such premiums the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new capital  after each transaction  - take all measures and carry out all formalities required for the admission of the securities thus issued to listing on the regulated market of Euronext Growth Paris and any other market on which the Company's shares may then be listed  - take all measures  enter into all commitments and carry out all formalities required for the successful completion of the proposed issue  as well as for the purpose of making the resulting capital increase definitive  and make the corresponding amendments to the Bylaws of the Company  notes that  should the Board of Directors use the delegation of authority granted to it under this resolution  it will report thereon to the next ordinary general meeting in accordance with the law and regulations  resolves that this delegation is granted for a period of twenty-six (26) months from the date of this meeting and supersedes any prior authorization having the same purpose. Twenty-second resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any other securities  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights in the context of an offer referred to in paragraph 1 ° in of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 25The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-129  L. 225-129-2  L. 22-10-49  L. 225-135  L. 225-135-1  L. 225-136  L. 228 -91  L. 228-92 and L. 228-93 and following of the French Commercial Code and paragraph II of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the power to delegate and sub-delegate in accordance with the law  its power to decide  by way of a public offer excluding the offers referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code  the issue on one or more occasions in the proportions and at the times it sees fit  in France or abroad  of ordinary shares of the Company or equity securities giving access to other equity securities or giving entitlement to the allotment of debt securities  and/or securities (including in particular all debt securities) giving access to equity securities of the Company or of any company that directly or indirectly owns more than half of its capital or of which it owns directly or indirectly more than half of the capital  such securities being issuable in euros  in foreign currency or in any monetary unit whatsoever established by reference to several currencies at the discretion of the Board of Directors  and which may be paid up in cash  including by offsetting debts  resolves that the securities so issued may consist of debt securities  be associated with the issue of such securities or permit the issue of such securities as intermediated securities  resolves to cancel the shareholders' preferential subscription right on the ordinary shares or securities issued pursuant to this delegation  notes  where necessary  that this delegation automatically entails  where applicable  the express waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights to the shares to which these securities will entitle them in favor of the holders of the securities thus issued  resolves that the total nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be carried out immediately and/or in the future by virtue of this delegation may not exceed 1 499 333 euros (representing 30% of the Company's share capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened)  nor  in any event  exceed the limits provided for by the regulations applicable on the day of the issue (for information  on the day of this General Meeting  the issue of equity securities carried out by an offer referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code is limited to 20% of the Company's share capital per year  said share capital being assessed on the date of the Board of Directors' decision to use this delegation)  to which maximum amount shall be added  where applicable  the additional amount of shares to be issued to preserve  in accordance with the legal or regulatory provisions and where applicable the applicable contractual stipulations  the rights of the holders of securities and other rights giving access to shares  further resolves that the nominal amount of any share capital increase which may be carried out in this way will be deducted from the overall ceiling provided for in Twenty-fourth resolution below  resolves to set at 300 000 000 (or the equivalent value of this amount in the event of an issue in another currency) the maximum nominal amount of debt securities which may be issued pursuant to this delegation  it being specified that: - this amount will be increased  if applicable  by any redemption premium above par  - this amount will be deducted from the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  - this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code  the issue of which is decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions determined by the 26Company in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the French Commercial Code  resolves that  if subscriptions have not absorbed the entire issue  the Board of Directors may use one or other of the following options  in the order it shall determine: - limit the issue to the amount of the subscriptions  provided that they reach at least three-quarters of the issue initially decided  - freely allocate all or part of the unsubscribed securities issued among the persons of its choice  resolves that the issue price of the shares issued by virtue of this delegation shall be determined by the Board of Directors and shall be at least equal to the average of the prices of a share on the Euronext Growth market (or  in the absence of a listing on this market  on any other market on which the Company's shares are then listed)  weighted by volumes  of the last 3 trading sessions preceding the setting of the issue price  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15% (it being specified  however  that if  at the time of the use of this delegation  the Company's shares were admitted to trading on a regulated market  the price would be set in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code)  taking into account  if applicable  their dividend entitlement date  provided however that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  at a discount to the 3-day VWAP  may not exceed 999 555.35 euros (representing 20% of the Company's shares capital as at the date when this General Meeting was convened); and being specified that the issue price of the securities giving access to the share capital  if any  issued by virtue of this resolution shall be such that the amount received immediately by the Company  plus the amount that may be received by the Company upon exercise or conversion of said securities  shall be  for each share issued as a result of the issuance of said securities  at least equal to the issue price defined above  resolves that the Board of Directors shall have full powers  with the option to sub-delegate such powers in accordance with the law  to implement this delegation of authority in accordance with the conditions laid down by law and the Bylaws  in particular to: - determine the dates  terms and conditions of any issue as well as the form and characteristics of the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued  with or without premium  - set the amounts to be issued  the date from which the shares or securities giving access to the capital to be issued will carry dividend rights  which may be retroactive  the method of paying them up and  where applicable  the terms and conditions for exercising rights to exchange  convert  redeem or otherwise allocate shares or securities giving access to the capital  - make any adjustments required pursuant to legal or regulatory provisions and  where applicable  applicable contractual stipulations  to protect the rights of holders of securities rights giving access to the Company's capital  and - suspend  where applicable  the exercise of the rights attached to such securities for a maximum period of three months  resolves that the Board of Directors may: - at its sole initiative and when it deems appropriate  charge the costs  duties and fees incurred in connection with the capital increases carried out pursuant to the delegation referred to in this resolution against the amount of the premiums relating to such transactions and deduct from the amount of such premiums the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new capital  after each transaction  - take all measures and carry out all formalities required for the admission of the securities thus issued to listing on the regulated market of Euronext Growth Paris and any other market on which the Company's shares may then be listed  27- take all measures  enter into all commitments and carry out all formalities required for the successful completion of the proposed issue  as well as for the purpose of making the resulting capital increase definitive  and make the corresponding amendments to the Bylaws of the Company  notes that  should the Board of Directors use the delegation of authority granted to it under this resolution  it will report thereon to the next ordinary general meeting in accordance with the law and regulations  resolves that this delegation is granted for a period of twenty-six (26) months from the date of this meeting and supersedes any prior authorization having the same purpose. Twenty-third resolution Delegation to the Board to increase the number of shares to be issued in the event of a capital increase with or without preferential subscription rights The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-129  L. 225-129-2  L. 225-135  L. 225-135-1 et seq  L. 228-91 L. 228-92 and L. 228-93 of the French Commercial Code  delegates to the Board of Directors the power to increase the number of shares or securities to be issued in the event of oversubscription in the context of the Company's capital increases with or without preferential subscription rights decided on by virtue of the above resolutions  under the conditions provided for in Articles L. 225-135-1 and R. 225-118 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  to date  within thirty days of the closing of the subscription period  at the same price as that used for the initial issue and up to a limit of 15% of the initial issue)  said shares conferring the same rights as the existing shares  subject to their date of dividend entitlement  specifies that the nominal amount of the capital increases decided under this resolution will be deducted from the amount of the overall ceiling referred to in the Twenty-fourth resolution below  for the capital increases without preferential right of subscription  amount to which shall be added  as the case may be  the additional amount of shares or securities which may be issued in addition  in order to preserve in accordance with the law and where applicable the relevant contractual provisions  the rights of the holders of securitie",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.83,0.13,True,English,"['COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Cellectis S', 'NOTICE', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'Form', 'J.M.H. Conseil', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", 'French Commercial Code', 'Mr. André Choulika', 'Mr. David Sourdive', 'European Investment Bank', 'investment services providers', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'annual financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'repayable advance agreement', 'bond financing agreement', 'share premium"" account', 'equity financing program', 'investment pool', 'financial year', 'finance agreement', 'Biopark auditorium', '11 rue Watt', '4th floor', 'corporate governance', 'statutory auditor', 'share capital', 'one half', 'legal provisions', 'biotech sector', 'industrial companies', 'biotechnology sector', 'ordinary shares', 'back shares', 'management report', 'articles L.', 'Article L.', 'other entities', 'credit institutions', 'other securities', 'American market', ""auditors' report"", 'NOTICE', 'JUNE', '75013 Paris', 'France', 'purpose', 'agenda', 'competence', 'Board', 'Directors', 'presentation', 'December', 'reports', 'agreements', 'Group', 'approval', 'allocation', 'results', 'losses', 'review', 'subsidy', 'renewal', 'appointment', 'member', 'KPMG', 'authorization', 'Company', 'association', 'order', 'delegation', 'authority', 'future', 'cancellation', 'favor', 'EIB', 'category', 'persons', 'characteristics', 'investors', 'experience', 'health', 'completion', 'issue', 'framework', 'issuance', 'benefit', 'ATM', 'access', '2:30']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41614,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-provides-First-Quarter-2024-Business-Update-46819892/,BioSenic provides First Quarter 2024 Business Update,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATION Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  May 24  2024  17.00am CET – BioSenic   the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell therapy  today announces its busine…,"PRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  May 24  2024  17.00am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell therapy  today announces its business update for the first quarter  ended 31 March 2024.Key highlightsIn January 2024  BioSenic signed a new subscription agreement for a maximum EUR 1.2 million convertible bonds facility  arranged by ABO Securities through its affiliated entity Global Tech Opportunities 15.In January 2024  Dr Carole Nicco has been promoted to Chief Operating Officer (COO) in addition to her position as Chief Scientific Officer (CSO).In January 2024  BioSenic's subsidiary  Medsenic SAS  signed a binding term sheet with Phebra PTY Ltd. related to an adaptation of the License Agreement and the MDA signed in May 2021.In January 2024  BioSenic filed for a U.S. patent for JTA-004  a viscosupplement in clinical development  following new evidence of its efficacy in a recently defined subtype of osteoarthritis (OA).In January 2024  BioSenic has been granted a patent by the Canadian Intellectual Property Office to expand protection of the arsenic trioxide (ATO) platform. The patent  titled “Use of metal ions to potentiate the therapeutic effects of arsenic”  covers the use of ATO platform in combination with metal ions such as copper.In February 2024  BioSenic raised EUR 500 000 via a private placement.In March 2024  BioSenic published an open-access article describing an optimized schedule for administration of oral arsenic trioxide (OATO) treatment for chronic graft-versus-host disease (cGvHD)  based on an earlier post-hoc analysis of Phase II data.In April 2024  BioSenic submitted a global restructuring plan covering the years 2024-2030 to the enterprise Court of Nivelles.Financial highlightsNet cash at the end of March 2024 amounted to EUR 0.38 million ( 1) .. The operating cash burn for the full year 2024 is in the range of EUR 4.50-5.50 million and a financing cash burn of approximately EUR 0.80 million. BioSenic anticipates having sufficient cash to carry out its business objectives until Q3 2024  assuming (amongst other) a debt restructuration in line with the plan submitted to the enterprise Court of Nivelles.Outlook for the remainder of 2024The detailed analysis of the Medsenic Phase 2 clinical study with arsenic trioxide in the first-line treatment of cGvHD has been completed and provides new valuable details for the next trial. These results will help justify clinically relevant choices for our forthcoming Phase 3 study with oral arsenic trioxide as a first-line treatment of cGvHD  for which Medsenic received earlier positive pre-IND responses from the FDA. A Phase 2a clinical trial for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) had previously established safety for the autoimmune patient and efficacy on the course of an autoimmune disease. Recent positive preclinical work gives good grounds for a Phase 2 clinical trial on systemic sclerosis (""SSc""). Phase 2b clinical trials for SLE and SSc are in the planning stage with the protocols for both studies being ready.BioSenic is currently preparing a fundraising composed of convertible debt and equity. BioSenic Group expects for end 2024 to use the proceeds of this forthcoming fundraising in order to actively get into the Phase 3 clinical trial in cGvHD. Consequently  it will be possible to begin Phase 2b clinical trials on SLE and SSc provided that the BioSenic group succeeds in concluding a solid partnership with a biopharmaceutical company or if it manages to successfully out-license some of its technology.The Court's judgement with respect to the submitted global restructuring plan covering the years 2024-2030 is expected shortly.Disciplined cost and cash management will remain a key priority and the cash situation will be actively and closely monitored.(1) Unaudited numbersAbout BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from its Medsenic’s arsenic trioxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the autoimmune platform include graft-versus-host-disease (GvHD)  systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  and now systemic sclerosis (SSc).Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combined the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger specifically enables Medsenic/Biosenic to develop an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/oral ATO (OATO).BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About the main Medsenic/BioSenic technology platformThe ATO platform provides derived active products with immunomodulatory properties and fundamental effects on the activated cells of the immune system. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. cGvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT).Medsenic has been successful in a phase 2 trial with its intravenous formulation  Arscimed®  which has orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA. The company is heading towards an international phase 3 confirmatory study  with its new  IP-protected  OATO formulation. Another selected target is moderate-to-severe forms of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae  and the gastrointestinal tract). Systemic sclerosis is now full part of the clinical pipeline of Medsenic/BioSenic. This serious chronic disease badly affects skin  lungs  or vascularization  and has no current effective treatment. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive  giving good grounds to launch a phase 2 clinical protocol  using new immunomodulatory formulations of APIs recognized to be active on the immune system.The company is currently focusing its present R&D and clinical activities on a selective  accelerated development of its autoimmune platform.Note: The allogeneic cell therapy platform-originating from the previous listed company Bone Therapeutics company  may be of renewed interest by using isolated and purified differentiated bone marrow Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) as a starting material for further isolation of passive or active biological subcellular elements. Indeed  these cells may provide new subcellular vesicles potentially able to deliver a unique and proprietary approach to organ repair. BioSenic is now involved in determining new patentable approaches in this complex area of cell therapy.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  CEOTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the company or  as appropriate  the company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.24,0.33,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Business Update', 'BioSenic', 'maximum EUR 1.2 million convertible bonds facility', 'A Phase 2a clinical trial', 'Canadian Intellectual Property Office', 'Recent positive preclinical work', 'earlier positive pre-IND responses', 'Phase 2b clinical trials', 'Medsenic Phase 2 clinical study', 'main Medsenic/BioSenic technology platform', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Phase II data', 'forthcoming Phase 3 study', 'Global Tech Opportunities', 'Dr Carole Nicco', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'binding term sheet', 'Phebra PTY Ltd.', 'earlier post-hoc analysis', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'One direct application', 'leading biotech company', 'clinical stage company', 'new valuable details', 'systemic lupus erythematosus', 'global restructuring plan', 'operating cash burn', 'financing cash burn', 'Key target indications', 'new subscription agreement', 'U.S. patent', 'oral arsenic trioxide', 'The ATO platform', 'convertible debt', 'clinical assets', 'next trial', 'clinical development', 'ATO) platform', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'License Agreement', 'new evidence', 'detailed analysis', 'systemic sclerosis', 'planning stage', 'The Court', 'autoimmune platform', 'new arsenal', 'Key highlights', 'Net cash', 'sufficient cash', 'cash management', 'key priority', 'cash situation', 'ATO/oral ATO', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '17.00am CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'serious autoimmune', 'inflammatory diseases', 'cell therapy', 'business update', 'first quarter', 'ABO Securities', 'affiliated entity', 'metal ions', 'therapeutic effects', 'private placement', 'open-access article', 'optimized schedule', 'host disease', 'enterprise Court', 'Financial highlights', 'full year', 'business objectives', 'debt restructuration', 'first-line treatment', 'relevant choices', 'autoimmune patient', 'autoimmune disease', 'good grounds', 'forthcoming fundraising', 'solid partnership', 'Disciplined cost', 'Unaudited numbers', 'strategic positionings', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'Further information', 'active products', 'fundamental effects', 'activated cells', 'immune system', 'Medsenic SAS', 'OATO) treatment', 'chronic graft', 'BioSenic Group', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'January', 'COO', 'addition', 'CSO', 'subsidiary', 'adaptation', 'MDA', 'May', 'viscosupplement', 'efficacy', 'subtype', 'osteoarthritis', 'protection', 'Use', 'combination', 'copper', 'February', 'March', 'administration', 'versus', 'cGvHD', 'April', 'years', 'Nivelles', 'end', 'range', 'Q3', 'Outlook', 'remainder', 'results', 'FDA', 'SLE', 'safety', 'course', 'SSc', 'protocols', 'studies', 'equity', 'proceeds', 'order', 'judgement', 'respect', 'host-disease', 'merger', 'October', 'strengths', 'derived', 'onco-immunology', '2024']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41615,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PULLUP-ENTERTAINMENT-20757389/news/FOCUS-ENTERTAINMENT-PulluP-Entertainment-successfully-completes-its-capital-increase-with-a-priorit-46815684/,FOCUS ENTERTAINMENT: PulluP Entertainment successfully completes its capital increase with a priority period and total gross amount of 23.08m after full exercise of the extension clause and th,(marketscreener.com) FOCUS ENTERTAINMENTFOCUS ENTERTAINMENT: PulluP Entertainment successfully completes its capital increase with a priority period and total gross amount of €23.08m after full exercise of the extension clause and th 24-May-2024 / 0…,"FOCUS ENTERTAINMENTFOCUS ENTERTAINMENT: PulluP Entertainment successfully completes its capital increase with a priority period and total gross amount of €23.08m after full exercise of the extension clause and th24-May-2024 / 08:30 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Paris  May 24  2024  08:30 amPulluP Entertainment successfully completes its capital increase with a priority period and total gross amount of € 23.08m after full exercise of the extension clause and the over-allotment optionPost transaction  the Group benefits from a strengthened financial position and is in better position to seize new development opportunitiesMain terms of the transaction:Total demand reached 2 073 535 shares  for €23.43m  representing a subscription rate of 134% of the initial amount of the capital increase  illustrating the strong commitment of existing shareholders and the strong interest of new shareholders in the GroupThe gross amount of the transaction is €23.08m  based on a subscription price of €11.30 per share after full exercise of the extension clause and full exercise of the over-allotment option of which:o €12.12m within the priority period o €10.96m as part of the Public Offering and the Global Placement.Following this transaction  PulluP Entertainment has new financial resources to strengthen the Group’s financial situation and pursue its developer/publisher strategy around three business lines as part of the new organisation.PARIS  FRANCE – May 24  2024 – PulluP Entertainment (FR0012419307 – ALPUL)   (the “Company”) announces the successfull completion of its capital increase  launched on May 16  2024 and closed on May 22  2024  carried out by way of a public offering  with cancellation of shareholders’ preferential subscription and with a priority period  on an irreducible basis only for its existing shareholders  and a global offering (the “Offering”)  for a total gross amount (including issuance premium) of €23.08m after full exercise of the extension clause and full exercise of the over-allotment option  for a total net amount of €22.53m.Mr Fabrice Larue  Chairman and CEO of PulluP Entertainment:[A1] “We are particularly pleased with the success of this capital increase  which emphasizes the support of our historical shareholders  whom I thank  in the strategy we have been implementing over the past four years. As part of this transaction  we are also welcoming new shareholders who are joining our ambitious plan to become one of the European leaders in development and publishing on the independent and AA+ market. I sincerely thank all our partners for their investment and assure them of my total commitment as a reference shareholder and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Group and I am also pleased to welcome Geoffroy Sardin  Deputy CEO as new shareholder. From this 2024/2025 financial year  the new fully operational organisation will support the revenue and profitability growth  by capitalising both on the strength of the back-catalogue and on our new games  including the highly anticipated Warhammer 40 000: Space Marine 2.”Mr Geoffroy Sardin  Deputy CEO of PulluP Entertainment:“Thanks to all our shareholders  PulluP Entertainment now has a strengthened financial position and new resources to support its growth and development. Together with the teams  whom I also thank for their contribution  their creativity and their commitment we are preparing for our future successes with confidence  fuelled by a very robust three-year line-up of which 50% own IP or co owned IP. Our objective is to excel in the execution of production support and marketing  in the creation of our internal games and our own IPs  as well as in pursuing synergies and cost control. 2024 will be key for us to build long-term prospects and guide us towards achieving our ambition.”Use of transaction proceeds:The net amount of the Offering will be used by the Company as follows:50%  i.e. €11.265m  to reduce Company’s net debt; and50%  i.e. €11.265m  to seize development opportunities.Reminder of the terms of the transactionBy decision dated May 14  2024  the Company’s Board of Directors  on the basis of the delegation of authority granted by the ordinary and extraordinary general meeting of September 12  2023 in its ninth (9th) resolution  decided to proceed with the launch of a capital increase with cancellation of shareholders’ preferential subscription rights by way of a public offering and with a priority period  on an irreducible basis only  for the benefit of its shareholders.New shares not subscribed within the priority period formed part of a global offering  including (i) a public offering in France aimed at individuals (the “Public Offering”); and (ii) a global placement aimed at institutional investors (the “Global Placement”) in the European Economic Area (including France).The subscription price of the new shares to be issued (the “New Shares”) has been set by the Company’s Board of Directors on May 14  2024 at 11.30 euros per share (including 1.20 euros of nominal value and 10.10 euros of issue premium)  representing a discount of 3% compared to the volume weighted average price of PulluP Entertainment’ shares over the last 3 trading sessions preceding the date of the announcement of the launch of the Offering  and a discount of 3.4% compared to the closing price of PulluP Entertainment shares on May 14  2024.Results of the transactionAt the end of the subscription period on May 22  2024  total demand amounted to 2 073 535 New Shares  corresponding to a subscription rate of 134% of the initial amount of the capital increase  of which:1 072 886 New Shares subscribed on an irreducible basis within the priority period  representing approximately 51.74% of the total expressed demand;1 000 649 News Shares on a reducible basis as part of the Public Offering and the Global Placement  representing 48.26% of the total expressed demand.The Company’s Board of Directors decided  on May 23  2024  given the strong demand expressed within the framework of the Offering  to fully exercise the extension clause to issue 231 652 additional New Shares  representing an additional amount of €2.62m  issuance premium included. On the same day  the over-allotment option was fully exercised to issue 266 400 additional New Shares to satisfy the balance of the demands expressed in the Offering within the limit of 266 400 New Shares  representing an additional amount of €3.01m  issuance premium included.As part of the transaction  2 042 400 New Shares will be issued.The subscription orders as part of the Public Offering and the Global Placement were served up to 96.89%  proportionally to the demand and to the number of New Shares not subscribed by the shareholders within the priority period.In accordance with their subscription commitments  Neology Holding and Otus Capital Management participated in the transaction:Neology Holding  the Company’s reference shareholder [1]   has subscribed  in accordance with itssubscription commitment  up to its share of the capital within the priority period on an irreducible basis (661 524 New Shares) and  beyond its share  within the framework of the Public Offering  for a total of 16.42 million euros (i.e. 1 452 712 New Shares)  noting that the subscription commitment of Neology Holding was limited to a maximum ex-post holding of 49.9% of the capital or theoretical voting rights. Following the settlement-delivery of the New Shares  Neology Holding will hold 49.60% of the share capital of the Company;Otus Capital Management  a shareholder of the Company  has subscribed  in accordance with its subscription commitment  up to its share of the capital within the priority period on an irreducible basis (i.e. 56 512 New Shares) and beyond its share in the Public Offering  for a total amount of €1.62 million (i.e. 143 214 New Shares).Mrs. Virginie Calmels and Mrs. Irit Hillel  independent members of the Board of Directors of the Company (Mrs. Virginie Calmels was not a shareholder prior to the Offering)  also subscribed to New Shares as part of the Offering.Furthermore  it is recalled that Geoffroy Sardin  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company  has committed to acquire 13 275 shares from Neology Holding at a price of €11.30 per share (corresponding to the Offering price) within three working days of the settlement-delivery date of the Offering scheduled for May 28  2024.Impact of the transaction on the Company’s shareholding structureFollowing the transaction  the Company’s share capital will amount to 10 246 711.20 euros  divided into 8 538 926 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 1.20 euro per share.According to the Company  the Company’s shareholding structure (on an undiluted basis) on the date of the AMF’s approval of the Prospectus was as follows:Shareholders Number of Shares Theoretical voting rights1)(in %) Exercisable voting rights(2) (in %) (in %) Neology Holding(3) 2 782 803 3 690 581 3 690 581 42 84% 48 53% 50 70% Treasury Shares 325 080 325 080 0 5 00% 4 27% 0 00% Executive Committee members and Group employees 159 038 270 399 270 399 2 45% 3 56% 3 71% Free float 3 229 605 3 318 967 3 318 967 49 71% 43 64% 45 59% TOTAL 6 496 526 7 605 027 7 279 947 100 00% 100 00% 100 00%Number of voting rights used to calculate threshold crossing. This number takes into account double voting rights. Number of voting rights exercisable at general meetings. Including the 1 118 423 shares initially lent to BRED Banque Populaire  of which 1 118 421 shares were temporarily returned to Neology Holding for the purposes of the transaction.According to the Company  the Company’s shareholding structure (on an undiluted basis) after the settlement-delivery of the New Shares (and before the transfer of 13 275 shares by Neology Holding to Mr Geoffroy Sardin) will be as follows:Shareholders Number of Shares Theoretical voting rights1)(in %) Exercisable voting rights(2) (in %) (in %) Neology Holding(3) 4 235 515 4 486 153 4 486 153 49 60% 49 90% 51 77% Treasury Shares 325 080 325 080 0 3 81% 3 62% 0 00% Executive Committee members and Group employees 159 215 270 576 270 576 1 86% 3 01% 3 12% Free float 3 819 116 3 908 478 3 908 478 44 73% 43 47% 45 11% TOTAL 8 538 926 8 990 287 8 665 207 100 00% 100 00% 100 00%Number of voting rights used to calculate threshold crossing. This number takes into account double voting rights. Number of voting rights exercisable at general meetings. Including the 1 118 423 shares initially lent to BRED Banque Populaire  of which 1 118 421 shares were temporarily returned to Neology Holding for the purposes of the transaction.According to the Company  no other shareholder holds  directly or indirectly  alone or in concert  more than 5% of the capital and voting rights of the Company.Settlement/delivery of the New SharesThe new shares will be settled and admitted to trading on Euronext Growth in Paris on May 28  2024. Newly issued shares will be of the same class and will be fungible with the existing shares  will benefit from all the rights attached to the existing shares and will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market under the same ISIN code FR0012419307 and ticker ALPUL.Abstention and holding commitmentsThe Company entered into an abstention commitment for a period of 90 days from the settlement-delivery date of the New Shares  subject to usual exceptions.Neology Holding entered into a lock-up commitment for 100% of the shares that it holds and/or that it may come to hold through the exercise of any securities giving access to the share capital  including shares of the Company subscribed for under the Offering  until the expiry of a period of 180 calendar days following the settlement-delivery date of the Offering  subject to usual exceptions.AdvisorsFinancial advisor  Global Coordinator and BookrunnerLegal advisorFinancial CommunicationAvailability of the prospectusThe prospectus approved by the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) on May 15  2024 under number 24-156 (the “Prospectus”) consists of:the registration document approved by the AMF on May 15  2024 under number R.24-009 (the “ Registration Document ”);a Securities note (the “ Securities Note ”); anda summary of the Prospectus (included in the Securities Note).www.pullupent.com ) and on the AMF website ( Copies of the Prospectus are available free of charge at the registered office of the Company  Parc de Flandre “Le Beauvaisis”  Bâtiment 28  11 rue de Cambrai  75019 Paris  on its website () and on the AMF website ( www.amf-france.org ).The approval of the Prospectus should not be considered as a favourable opinion by the AMF on the securities offered. Investors are invited to carefully consider the risk factors described in section 3 “Risk factors” of the Registration Document  and Section 2 “Risk Factors” of the Securities Note. The list of these risks is not exhaustive. There may be other risks not yet identified or considered immaterial by the Company at the date of approval of the Prospectus. Prospective investors should read the Prospectus carefully before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and benefits associated with a decision to invest in the securities. The approval of the Prospectus by the AMF should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the securities offered.About PulluP EntertainmentWith over 600 employees based mainly in Europe  the PulluP Entertainment group is organized around three complementary business units:FOCUS ENTERTAINMENT PUBLISHING   one of the world's leading AA video game publishers  renowned for its premium production services  marketing  and communications support tailored to each project and audience. The company publishes international hits such as the A Plague Tale franchise  SnowRunner and the eagerly-awaited Warhammer 40 000: Space Marine 2.DOTEMU   leading publisher and developer in the thriving independent games scene  specializes in the production of licensed games such as the million-sellers Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder's Revenge and Streets of Rage 4. Its Arcade Crew label also produces and publishes awesome indie and innovative games such as Blazing Chrome  Infernax and The Last Spell. As part of the Group's new organization  DOTEMU is the entity responsible for publishing all PulluP Entertainment's independent games.PULLUP ENTERTAINMENT STUDIOS   which groups together seven creative studios:DOVETAIL GAMES  a UK-based studio and world leader in rail simulation games.DECK13 INTERACTIVE  voted Best Video Game Development Studio in Germany in 2023 and creator of the successful The Surge franchise.BLACKMILL GAMES  the Netherlands-based studio behind the World War One series franchise of multiplayer shooters such as Verdun  Tannenberg and Isonzo.LEIKIR STUDIO  based in France  developer of a highly anticipated game based on the iconic Metal Slug license.STREUM ON STUDIO  a French studio specializing and renowned in the development of first-person shooters  currently working on an original creation.DOUZE DIXIÈMES  a French studio composed of passionate creators from the animated film and video game industries. Their latest entry being Shady Part of Me  acclaimed by critics and gamers alike.CARPOOL STUDIO  a French studio created by recognized industry veterans developing a highly ambitious game-as-a-service project based on new intellectual property.Alongside these three entities dedicated to games publishing and development  SCRIPTEAM completes the Group's expertise since December 2023: specialized in audiovisual production  SCRIPTEAM's main purpose is to adapt PULLUP ENTERTAINMENT's video game licenses into series or feature films.PULLUP ENTERTAINMENT's Human Resources  Legal and Finance support functions  as well as the Technical Department  which includes the IT  Data and Customer Relations divisions  are all housed within PulluP Entertainment.All financial information pertaining to PulluP Entertainment can be found at www.pullupent.comNext release:FY 2023/24 results: 20 June 2024 after the market closesContactsInvestor RelationsLaure d’HautevilleTel: + 33 (0) 1 55 26 85 00Email: IR@pullupent.comMathilde GuillemotTel.: +33 (0) 1 78 94 87 35Email: mathilde.guillemot@seitosei-actifin.comPress RelationsClémence BigeonTel: + 33 (0) 1 55 26 85 00Email: Clemence.BIGEON@focusent.comMichael ScholzeTel.: + 33 (0) 1 56 88 11 14Email: michael.scholze@seitosei-actifin.comDisclaimerThis press release and the information it contains do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or a solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for the shares of PulluP Entertainment in any country.This press release constitutes promotional material and is not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"").For EEA Member States other than France  no action has been or will be taken to enable a public offering of the securities specified in this press release that may require a prospectus to be published in one of these Member States.This press release constitutes neither an offer of securities for sale nor the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States of America or any other jurisdiction in which the transaction could be subject to restrictions. Shares and any other securities of PulluP Entertainment may only be offered or sold in the United States following registration under the terms of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or within the framework of an exemption from such registration. PulluP Entertainment’s shares will be offered or sold exclusively outside of the United States of America and in the form of offshore transactions  in compliance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. PulluP Entertainment has no intention of registering the offering in part or in whole in the United States of America  or of carrying out a public offering in the United States.Concerning the United Kingdom  this press release is intended for use only by persons located (x) outside the United Kingdom or (y) in the United Kingdom  who are “qualified investors” (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation which is part of internal law in accordance with the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) and who are (i) “investment professionals” within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”)  (ii) referred to in Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc.”) or (iii) persons to whom an invitation or incentive to participate in an investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may be legally communicated or transmitted (the persons referred to in paragraphs (y)(i)  (y)(ii) and (y)(iii) being jointly referred to as “Qualified Persons”). This press release is intended only for Authorised Persons and may not be used by any person other than an Authorised Person.This press release contains indications on the objectives of PulluP Entertainment and forward-looking statements that are not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered as reasonable by PulluP Entertainment. PulluP Entertainment operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialisation of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. PulluP Entertainment draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which PulluP Entertainment operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if PulluP Entertainment's financial position  results  cash flows and the evolution of the sector in which PulluP Entertainment operates were in line with the forward-looking information contained in this document  these results or developments may not be a reliable indication of PulluP Entertainment's future results or developments. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. PulluP Entertainment makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.The distribution of this press release may  in certain countries  be subject to specific regulations. Consequently  persons physically present in these countries and in which the press release is disseminated  published or distributed must inform themselves and comply with these laws and regulations. This press release shall not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Australia  Canada or Japan.",neutral,0.27,0.71,0.01,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['total gross amount', 'FOCUS ENTERTAINMENT', 'PulluP Entertainment', 'capital increase', 'priority period', 'full exercise', 'extension', 'clause', 'new fully operational organisation', 'French Regulatory News', 'three business lines', 'Mr Fabrice Larue', 'past four years', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'robust three-year line-up', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'ninth (9th) resolution', 'European Economic Area', '2024/2025 financial year', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Mr Geoffroy Sardin', 'total gross amount', 'total net amount', 'new financial resources', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription', 'new development opportunities', 'new organisation', 'new resources', 'Total demand', 'initial amount', 'European leaders', 'subscription rate', 'subscription price', 'financial situation', 'new shareholder', 'new games', 'net debt', 'total commitment', 'New shares', 'financial position', 'FOCUS ENTERTAINMENT', 'PulluP Entertainment', 'capital increase', 'priority period', 'full exercise', 'extension clause', 'allotment option', 'strong interest', 'Global Placement', 'successfull completion', 'issuance premium', 'ambitious plan', 'AA+ market', 'reference shareholder', 'future successes', 'internal games', 'cost control', 'long-term prospects', 'institutional investors', 'existing shareholders', 'Public Offering', 'global offering', 'historical shareholders', 'strong commitment', 'irreducible basis', 'Deputy CEO', 'Main terms', 'developer/publisher strategy', 'profitability growth', 'production support', 'Post transaction', 'transaction proceeds', 'EQS Group', '2,073,535 shares', 'May', '30 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Paris', 'part', 'FRANCE', 'ALPUL', 'Company', 'way', 'cancellation', 'Chairman', 'independent', 'investment', 'revenue', 'strength', 'back-catalogue', 'Warhammer 40,000', 'Space', 'Marine', 'teams', 'contribution', 'creativity', 'confidence', 'objective', 'execution', 'marketing', 'creation', 'IPs', 'synergies', 'ambition', 'Reminder', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', 'delegation', 'authority', 'September', 'launch', 'benefit', 'individuals', '08']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41616,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARCELORMITTAL-34942237/news/ArcelorMittal-Minutes-General-Meeting-46816743/,ArcelorMittal : Minutes – General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)   ArcelorMittal   Société Anonyme   24-26  boulevard d'Avranches  L-1160 Luxembourg   Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg   R.C.S. Luxembourg B 82.454      ______________________________________________________...https://www.ma…,"ArcelorMittal Société Anonyme 24-26  boulevard d'Avranches  L-1160 Luxembourg Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg R.C.S. Luxembourg B 82.454 (the ""Company"") ______________________________________________________ MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS (The ""General Meeting"") HELD ON TUESDAY APRIL 30  2024  from 3:00 PM (CET) at the Company's offices at 24-26  boulevard d'Avranches  L-1160 Luxembourg  Grand-Duchyof Luxembourg ______________________________________________________ The director of ArcelorMittal  Mr. Michel Wurth  who presided the meeting  welcomed the shareholders to the General Meeting of ArcelorMittal. Mr. Michel Wurth announced that the following persons had taken place on the podium: Mr. Henk Scheffer  Company Secretary  Mrs. Stephanie Werner-Dietz  Head of Human Resources  Mr. Brad Davey  Head of Corporate Business Optimisation  Mr. Genuino Christino  CFO  and Mrs. Karyn Ovelmen  Lead Independent Directors and chair of the Appointment  Remuneration and Corporate Governance Committee. The Chairman of the General Meeting pointed out the presence of the following members of the Board in the first row of the audience: Mrs. Clarissa Lins  Mrs. Patricia Barbizet  Mr. Karel de Gucht  Mr. Tye Burt  and Mr. Etienne Schneider. Mr. Olivier Lemaire and Mr. Emmanuel Mareschal from Ernst & Young  ArcelorMittal's independent auditor  who had examined the 2023 financial statements submitted to the General Meeting for approval  were also present. Mr. Wurth suggested appointing Mr. Etienne Schneider and Mrs. Clarissa Lins as scrutineers and Mr. Henk Scheffer as Secretary of the meeting  to which proposal there was no objections from the shareholders present  so that the scrutineers and the Secretary were appointed. Mr. Scheffer drew the attention of the attendees to the fact that shareholders must own at least one share of ArcelorMittal as of the record date to attend the General Meeting and that they must have followed the procedures described in the convening notice published on 29 March 2024. The Chairman of the General Meeting drew attention of the shareholder to the fact that they had to own at least one share of ArcelorMittal as of the record date to attend the General Meeting. Mr. Wurth requested then the Secretary to explain technical points about the General Meeting. After indicating the emergency exits  the Secretary explained that the processing and counting of votes would be conducted by an external service provider  LUMI. He underlined that the General Meeting would validly deliberate on the resolutions regardless of the number of shareholders present and the number of shares represented  and that theresolutions on the agenda would be adopted by a simple majority of the votes validly cast by the shareholders present or represented. The documents and information required by law had been sent or made available to the shareholders in a timely manner. The convening notice for this General Meeting had been published on 29 March 2024 in Luxembourger Tageblatt  a Luxemburg local newspaper  and in the Luxembourg official gazette RESA as well as on the Company's website  www.arcelormittal.com. Copies of these publications could be consulted at the registration table. Thereafter  the Chairman of the General Meeting confirmed that the General Meeting had been convened in accordance with Luxembourg law  was validly constituted and could validly deliberate and resolve on all Agenda items. The Chairman of the General Meeting pointed to the Agenda of the General Meeting. The Secretary drew attention to the special cards that the shareholders had received on which the shareholders could write questions  if they wished to raise any question during the Questions & Answers sessions. He also underlined that only the shareholders present in person or proxy holders were entitled to ask questions  that the written questions should be given to ArcelorMittal staff circulating in the meeting room and that the questions from the shareholders would be answered following the presentation of the 2023 accounts. Presentation of 2023 results Mr. Michel Wurth together with Mr. Genuino Christino and Mr. Brad Davey presented the 2023 results of ArcelorMittal and made specific highlights on the Company's operations and strategy  as attached hereto as Annex A. The Chairman of the Genera Meeting expressed a huge appreciation for ArcelorMittal member of the Board of directors Tye Burt. The Chairman of the General Meeting reminded he was going to retire after 12 years on ArcelorMittal Board. He thanked Mr. Tye Burt on behalf of the Board and the Company for his efforts  his wisdom  and his contribution to the success of the Company. The Chairman asked the Secretary to start with the Question & Answers session. Questions & Answers (""Q&A"") session The Secretary then introduced the Q&A session explaining that answers to written questions submitted to the Company would be answered on the Company's website. He also explained that to speak  the attendees were required to signal to ArcelorMittal staff walking in the meeting room who had microphones. He recommended the attendees  before asking question  to introduce themselves. The Secretary drew attention of shareholders to the fact that the speaking time was limited to 2 minutes per shareholder and that only questions directly related to an Agenda item could be answered. A summary of the Q&A raised before the General Meeting as well as those received during the General Meeting is attached hereto in Annex B. Vote The Chairman of the General Meeting then closed the Q&A session and stated that  according to the attendance list that had been communicated to him  the shareholders present or represented at today's Annual General Meeting own a total of 625 787 309 shares  representing 78.47% of the voting right. The Chairman of the General Meeting then announced that he would submit the proposed resolutions related to the Annual General Meeting (AGM resolutions 1 to 12).He asked the Secretary to inform the shareholders about the procedure to be followed for the voting process. The Secretary explained that the shareholders would vote on each of the resolutions by using an electronic voting device that had been handed to the shareholders upon registration. In addition  he detailed the functioning of the electronic voting device to the shareholders. The shareholders voted on the resolutions after the reading aloud of each resolution. AGM RESOLUTIONS 1. Presentation of the management report of the board of directors of the Company (the ""Board of Directors"") and the reports of the independent auditor on the financial statements of the Company (the ""Parent Company Financial Statements"") and the consolidated financial statements of the ArcelorMittal group (the ""Consolidated Financial Statements"") for the financial year 2023 in each case prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") as adopted by the European Union No vote was required on this item. 2. Approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year 2023 Resolution I The General Meeting  after having reviewed the management report of the Board of Directors and the report of the independent auditor  approves the Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year 2023 in their entirety  showing a consolidated net income of USD 1 022 million. The resolution was approved with 99.90% of the votes casts 'for' and 0.10% 'against.' 3. Approval of the Parent Company Financial Statements for the financial year 2023 Resolution II The Annual General Meeting  after having reviewed the management report of the Board of Directors and the report of the independent auditor  approves the Parent Company Financial Statements for the financial year 2023 in their entirety  showing a net loss of USD 8 373 million for the Company as parent company of the ArcelorMittal group  as compared to the consolidated net income of USD 1 022 million  in both cases established in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. The resolution was approved with 99.90% of the votes casts 'for' and 0.10% 'against.' 4. Allocation of results and determination of the dividend and the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors in relation to the financial year 2023 Resolution III The Annual General Meeting acknowledges the net loss of USD 8 373 million and that no allocation to the legal reserve or to the reserve for treasury shares is required. On this basis the Annual General Meeting  upon the proposal of the Board of Directors  decides to pay a dividend out of the distributable results consisting in profit brought forward and profit for the year. The Annual General Meeting acknowledges that a dividend of USD 0.50 (gross) per share will be paid in two equal instalments on 12 June and on 4 December 2024. The Annual General Meeting  upon the proposal of the Board of Directors  sets the amount of total remuneration for the Board of Directors in relation to the financial year 2024 at EUR 1 499 543 (USD 1 656 995)1. The resolution was approved with 99.94% of the votes casts 'for' and 0.06% 'against.' 1 These figures and those set out in Resolution VI are based on the EUR/USD exchange rate of EUR 1 = USD 1.105 on 31 December 2023.Resolution IV Considering Resolution III above  the Annual General Meeting  upon the proposal of the Board of Directors  decides to allocate the results of the Company based on the Parent Company Financial Statements for the financial year 2023 as follows: Net loss for the year USD 8 373 303 066 Profit brought forward (Report à nouveau) USD 31 138 571 996 Results to be allocated and distributed USD 22 765 268 930 Allocation to the legal reserve -- Directors' remuneration for the financial year 2023 (as per Resolution III  above) USD 1 656 9952 Dividend of USD 0.50 (gross) per share relating to the financial year 20233 USD 409 635 878 Profit carried forward USD 22 353 976 057 The resolution was approved with 99.85% of the votes casts 'for' and 0.15% 'against.' 5. Resolutions concerning the Remuneration Report for the year 2023 Resolution V The Annual General Meeting decides by an advisory vote to approve the Remuneration Report of the Company for 2023. The resolution was approved with 98.06% of the votes casts 'for' and 1.94% 'against.' Resolution VI Based on Resolution III  the Annual General Meeting decides to allocate the amount of total remuneration for the Board of Directors in relation to the financial year 2023 at 1 499 543 (USD 1 656 995). The resolution was approved with 99.46% of the votes casts 'for' and 0.54 % 'against.' 6. Discharge of the members of the Board of Directors Resolution VII The General Meeting decides to grant discharge to the members of the Board of Directors in relation to the financial year 2024. The resolution was approved with 89.90% of the votes casts 'for' and 10.10% 'against.' 7. Election of members of the Board of Directors Resolution VIII 2 For full details about payments to Board of Directors members including Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (who are not remunerated as directors) please refer yourself to page 5 of the Remuneration Report for 2023. 3 Based on 819 271 756 shares in issue on 31 December 2023 net of treasury shares held by the Company. Dividends will be paid in two equal instalments on 12 June and on 4 December 2024  resulting in a total annualized cash dividend per share of USD 0.50.The General Meeting re-elects Mrs. Karyn Ovelmen as director of ArcelorMittal for a three-year mandate that will automatically expire on the date of the annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2027. The resolution was approved with 92.47% of the votes casts 'for' and 7.53% 'against.' Resolution IX The General Meeting re-elects Mrs. Clarissa Lins as director of ArcelorMittal for a three-year mandate that will automatically expire on the date of the annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2027. The resolution was approved with 88.02% of the votes casts 'for' and 11.98% 'against.' 8. Renewal of the authorisation of the Board of Directors of the Company and of the corporate bodies of other companies in the ArcelorMittal group to acquire shares in the Company Resolution X The General Meeting decides to authorise  effective immediately after this General Meeting  the Board of Directors  with the option to delegate  and the corporate bodies of the other companies in the ArcelorMittal group  to acquire and sell shares in the Company in accordance with the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies  as amended (the ""Law"") and any other applicable laws and regulations  including but not limited to entering into off-market and over-the-counter transactions and to acquire shares in the Company through derivative financial instruments as well as to enter into cash-settled derivative financial instruments to mitigate volatility in the per share prices paid to acquire shares in the Company. The present authorisation is valid until the end of the 2027 AGM or until the date of its renewal by a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders if such renewal date is prior to the 2027 AGM. The Company may not repurchase shares amounting to more than 10% of its issued share capital at the date hereof (being 85 280 977 shares). Treasury shares can be cancelled from time to time by the Company in accordance with the authorisation granted to the Board of Directors by the 2023 EGM. The maximum number of own shares that the Company may hold at any time directly or indirectly may not have the effect of reducing its net assets (""actif net"") below the amount mentioned in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 461-2 of the Law. The purchase price per share to be paid shall not exceed 110% of the average of the final listing prices of the thirty (30) trading days preceding the three (3) trading days prior to each date of repurchase and shall not be less than one euro cent. The final listing prices are those on the New York Stock Exchange  Euronext markets on which the Company's shares are listed or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  depending on the market on which the repurchases are made. For off-market transactions  the maximum purchase price shall be 110% of the reference price on the New York Stock Exchange (in case of purchase in USD) or the Euronext markets (in case of purchase in EUR) on which the Company's shares are listed. The reference price will be deemed to be the average of the final listing prices per share on these markets during thirty (30) consecutive days on which these markets are open for trading preceding the three (3) trading days prior to the date of purchase. For the avoidance of doubt  price restrictions set out in the immediately preceding paragraphs do not apply to cash settled derivative financial instruments entered into to mitigate volatility in the per share prices paid to acquire shares in the Company. In the event of a share capital increase by incorporation of reserves or issue premiums and the free allotment of shares as well as in the event of the division or regrouping of the shares  the purchase price indicated above shall be adjusted by a multiplying coefficient equal to the ratio between the number of shares comprising the issued share capital prior to the transaction and such number following the transaction. All powers are granted to the Board of Directors  with the power to delegate  to ensure the implementation of this authorisation The resolution was approved with 98.64% of the votes casts 'for' and 1.36% 'against.' 9. Appointment of an independent auditor in relation to to (i) the Parent Company Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year 2024 and (ii) the assurance opinion on the sustainability reporting to be included in the management report of the Board of Directors for the financial year 2024 if and as required.Resolution XI The General Meeting decides to (i) reappoint Ernst & Young  société anonyme  with registered office at 35E  Avenue John F. Kennedy  L-1855 Luxembourg  Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg (""E&Y"")  as independent auditor to perform the independent audit of the Parent Company Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding the financial year 2024 and (ii) appoint E&Y to provide the assurance opinion on the sustainability reporting to be included in the management report of the Board of Directors for the financial year 2024 if and as required. The resolution was approved with 94.92% of the votes casts 'for' and 5.08 % 'against.' 10. Authorisation of grants of share-based incentives Resolution XII The General Meeting acknowledges the above background information provided about the Executive Office PSU Plan and other retention-based grants and authorises the Board of Directors: to allocate up to five million five hundred thousand (5 500 000) of the Company's fully paid-up ordinary shares under the 2024 Cap  which may be either newly issued shares or shares held in treasury  such authorisation to be valid from the date of the Annual General Meeting until the 2025 AGM  to adopt any rules or measures to implement the Executive Office PSU Plan and other retention-based grants below the level of the Executive Office that the Board of Directors may at its discretion consider appropriate  to decide and implement any increase of the 2024 Cap by the additional number of shares of the Company necessary to preserve the rights of the grantees of Executive Office PSU Plan and other retention- based grants below the level of the Executive Office in the event of a transaction impacting the Company's share capital  and to do or cause to be done all such further acts and things as the Board of Directors may determine to be necessary or advisable to implement the content and purpose of this resolution. The resolution was approved with 99.99% of the votes casts 'for' and 0.01% 'against.' CLOSING OF THE MEETING The Chairman of the General Meeting thanked the shareholders for their participation at the General Meeting and expressed his wish to see them again at the Company's next annual general meeting of shareholders. He proceeded to close the General Meeting. Signed by: Michel Wurth (Chairman of the General Meeting) Henk Scheffer (Secretary) Etienne Schneider (Scrutineer) Clarissa Lins (Scrutineer)",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'ArcelorMittal', 'Minutes', 'Luxembourg R.C.S. Luxembourg B', 'Mr. Karel de Gucht', 'ArcelorMittal Société Anonyme', 'Mrs. Stephanie Werner-Dietz', 'Corporate Business Optimisation', 'Mrs. Karyn Ovelmen', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'Mrs. Clarissa Lins', 'Mrs. Patricia Barbizet', 'external service provider', 'Luxemburg local newspaper', 'Luxembourg official gazette', 'Mr. Brad Davey', 'Mr. Genuino Christino', 'Mr. Etienne Schneider', 'Mr. Olivier Lemaire', 'Mr. Emmanuel Mareschal', 'Mr. Henk Scheffer', 'Mr. Michel Wurth', 'Q&A"") session', 'Q&A session', 'Mr. Tye Burt', 'Lead Independent Directors', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Mr. Scheffer', 'Mr. Wurth', '60 Luxembourg Grand-Duchy', 'Annex A.', 'independent auditor', 'Luxembourg law', 'Answers session', 'following persons', 'Human Resources', 'following members', 'first row', '2023 financial statements', 'one share', 'record date', 'convening notice', 'technical points', 'emergency exits', 'simple majority', 'timely manner', 'Luxembourger Tageblatt', 'registration table', 'special cards', 'proxy holders', 'specific highlights', 'huge appreciation', 'meeting room', 'Genera Meeting', 'ArcelorMittal staff', 'ArcelorMittal member', 'Agenda items', 'written questions', 'ArcelorMittal Board', 'The Secretary', 'Company Secretary', 'boulevard', 'Avranches', 'MINUTES', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'HELD', 'TUESDAY', 'APRIL', 'CET', 'offices', 'Grand-Duchyof', 'place', 'podium', 'Head', 'CFO', 'chair', 'Appointment', 'Remuneration', 'presence', 'audience', 'Ernst', 'Young', 'approval', 'scrutineers', 'proposal', 'objections', 'attention', 'attendees', 'fact', 'procedures', '29 March', 'processing', 'counting', 'votes', 'LUMI', 'resolutions', 'number', 'shares', 'documents', 'information', 'RESA', 'website', 'Copies', 'publications', 'accordance', 'presentation', '2023 accounts', '2023 results', 'operations', 'strategy', '12 years', 'behalf', 'efforts', 'wisdom', 'contribution', 'success', 'microphones', '3:00', '26']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41617,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PULLUP-ENTERTAINMENT-20757389/news/Pullup-Entertainment-Pull-Up-Entertainment-Successfull-Capital-Increase-46813188/,Pullup Entertainment : Pull Up Entertainment Successfull Capital Increase,(marketscreener.com)   This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus.   P…,"This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus. Paris  May 24  2024  08:30 am PulluP Entertainment successfully completes its capital increase with a priority period and total gross amount of €23.08m after full exercise of the extension clause and the over-allotment option Post transaction  the Group benefits from a strengthened financial position and is in better position to seize new development opportunities Main terms of the transaction: Total demand reached 2 073 535 shares  for €23.43m  representing a subscription rate of 134% of the initial amount of the capital increase  illustrating the strong commitment of existing shareholders and the strong interest of new shareholders in the GroupThe gross amount of the transaction is €23.08m  based on a subscription price of €11.30 per share after full exercise of the extension clause and full exercise of the over-allotment option  of which:o €12.12m within the priority period o €10.96m as part of the Public Offering and the Global Placement.over-allotment option  of which: o €12.12m within the priority period  o €10.96m as part of the Public Offering and the Global Placement. Following this transaction  PulluP Entertainment has new financial resources to strengthen theGroup's financial situation and pursue its developer/publisher strategy around three business lines as part of the new organisation. PARIS  FRANCE - May 24  2024 - PulluP Entertainment (FR0012419307 - ALPUL)  (the ""Company"") announces the successfull completion of its capital increase  launched on May 16  2024 and closed on May 22  2024  carried out by way of a public offering  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription and with a priority period  on an irreducible basis only for its existing shareholders  and a global offering (the ""Offering"")  for a total gross amount (including issuance premium) of €23.08m after full exercise of the extension clause and full exercise of the over-allotmentoption  for a total net amount of €22.53m. Mr Fabrice Larue  Chairman and CEO of PulluP Entertainment: ""We are particularly pleased with the success of this capital increase  which emphasizes the support of our historical shareholders  whom I thank  in the strategy we have been implementing over the past four years. As part of this transaction  we are also welcoming new shareholders who are joining our ambitious plan to become one of the European leaders in development and publishing on the independent and AA+ market. I sincerely thank all our partners for their investment and assure them of my total commitment as a reference shareholder and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the 1This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus. Group and I am also pleased to welcome Geoffroy Sardin  Deputy CEO as new shareholder. From this 2024/2025 financial year  the new fully operational organisation will support the revenue and profitability growth  by capitalising both on the strength of the back-catalogue and on our new games  including the highly anticipated Warhammer 40 000: Space Marine 2."" Mr Geoffroy Sardin  Deputy CEO of PulluP Entertainment: ""Thanks to all our shareholders  PulluP Entertainment now has a strengthened financial position and new resources to support its growth and development. Together with the teams  whom I also thank for their contribution  their creativity and their commitment we are preparing for our future successes with confidence  fuelled by a very robust three-yearline-up of which 50% own IP or co owned IP. Our objective is to excel in the execution of production support and marketing  in the creation of our internal games and our own IPs  as well as in pursuing synergies and cost control. 2024 will be key for us to build long-term prospects and guide us towards achieving our ambition."" Use of transaction proceeds: The net amount of the Offering will be used by the Company as follows: 50%  i.e. €11.265m  to reduce Company's net debt; and50%  i.e. €11.265m  to seize development opportunities. Reminder of the terms of the transaction By decision dated May 14  2024  the Company's Board of Directors  on the basis of the delegation of authority granted by the ordinary and extraordinary general meeting of September 12  2023 in its ninth (9th) resolution  decided to proceed with the launch of a capital increase with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights by way of a public offering and with a priority period  on an irreducible basis only  for the benefit of its shareholders. New shares not subscribed within the priority period formed part of a global offering  including (i) a public offering in France aimed at individuals (the ""Public Offering""); and (ii) a global placement aimed at institutional investors (the ""Global Placement"") in the European Economic Area (including France). The subscription price of the new shares to be issued (the ""New Shares"") has been set by the Company's Board of Directors on May 14  2024 at 11.30 euros per share (including 1.20 euros of nominal value and 10.10 euros of issue premium)  representing a discount of 3% compared to the volume weighted average price of PulluP Entertainment' shares over the last 3 trading sessions preceding the date of the announcement of the launch of the Offering  and a discount of 3.4% compared to the closing price of PulluP Entertainment shares on May 14  2024. 2This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus. Results of the transaction At the end of the subscription period on May 22  2024  total demand amounted to 2 073 535 New Shares  corresponding to a subscription rate of 134% of the initial amount of the capital increase  ofwhich: 1 072 886 New Shares subscribed on an irreducible basis within the priority period  representing approximately 51.74% of the total expressed demand;1 000 649 News Shares on a reducible basis as part of the Public Offering and the Global Placement  representing 48.26% of the total expressed demand. The Company's Board of Directors decided  on May 23  2024  given the strong demand expressed within the framework of the Offering  to fully exercise the extension clause to issue 231 652 additional New Shares  representing an additional amount of €2.62m  issuance premium included. On the same day  the over-allotment option was fully exercised to issue 266 400 additional New Shares to satisfy the balance of the demands expressed in the Offering within the limit of 266 400 New Shares  representingan additional amount of €3.01m  issuance premium included. As part of the transaction  2 042 400 New Shares will be issued. The subscription orders as part of the Public Offering and the Global Placement were served up to 96.89%  proportionally to the demand and to the number of New Shares not subscribed by theshareholders within the priority period. In accordance with their subscription commitments  Neology Holding and Otus Capital Management participated in the transaction: Neology Holding  the Company's reference shareholder 1   has subscribed  in accordance with its subscription commitment  up to its share of the capital within the priority period on an irreducible basis (661 524 New Shares) and  beyond its share  within the framework of the Public Offering  for a total of 16.42 million euros (i.e. 1 452 712 New Shares)  noting that the subscription commitment of Neology Holding was limited to a maximum ex-post holding of 49.9% of the capital or theoretical voting rights. Following the settlement-delivery of the New Shares  Neology Holding will hold 49.60% of the share capital of the Company;  has subscribed  in accordance with its Shares  Neology Holding will hold 49.60% of the share capital of the Company; Otus Capital Management  a shareholder of the Company  has subscribed  in accordance with its subscription commitment  up to its share of the capital within the priority period on an irreducible basis (i.e. 56 512 New Shares) and beyond its share in the Public Offering  for a total amount of €1.62 million (i.e. 143 214 New Shares). 1 Neology Holding is controlled by Fabrice Larue  who indirectly holds  through two companies  FIFL and FLCP  the control in terms of voting rights of FLCP & Associés  which itself holds 100% of the capital and voting rights of FLCP & Associés Invest  which owns 85.6% of the capital and voting rights of Neology Holding. 3This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus. Mrs. Virginie Calmels and Mrs. Irit Hillel  independent members of the Board of Directors of the Company (Mrs. Virginie Calmels was not a shareholder prior to the Offering)  also subscribed to NewShares as part of the Offering. Furthermore  it is recalled that Geoffroy Sardin  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company  has committed to acquire 13 275 shares from Neology Holding at a price of €11.30 per share (corresponding to the Offering price) within three working days of the settlement-delivery date of the Offering scheduled for May 28  2024. Impact of the transaction on the Company's shareholding structure Following the transaction  the Company's share capital will amount to 10 246 711.20 euros  divided into 8 538 926 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 1.20 euro per share. According to the Company  the Company's shareholding structure (on an undiluted basis) on the date of the AMF's approval of the Prospectus was as follows: Shareholders Number of Shares Theoretical voting Exercisable voting (in %) rights1) (in %) rights(2) (in %) Neology Holding(3) 2 782 803 3 690 581 3 690 581 42 84% 48 53% 50 70% Treasury Shares 325 080 325 080 0 5 00% 4 27% 0 00% Executive Committee members and Group 159 038 270 399 270 399 employees 2 45% 3 56% 3 71% Free float 3 229 605 3 318 967 3 318 967 49 71% 43 64% 45 59% TOTAL 6 496 526 7 605 027 7 279 947 100 00% 100 00% 100 00% Number of voting rights used to calculate threshold crossing. This number takes into account double voting rights. Number of voting rights exercisable at general meetings. Including the 1 118 423 shares initially lent to BRED Banque Populaire  of which 1 118 421 shares were temporarily returned to Neology Holding for the purposes of the transaction. 4This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus. According to the Company  the Company's shareholding structure (on an undiluted basis) after the settlement-delivery of the New Shares (and before the transfer of 13 275 shares by Neology Holding to Mr Geoffroy Sardin) will be as follows: Shareholders Number of Shares Theoretical voting Exercisable voting (in %) rights1) (in %) rights(2) (in %) Neology Holding(3) 4 235 515 4 486 153 4 486 153 49 60% 49 90% 51 77% Treasury Shares 325 080 325 080 0 3 81% 3 62% 0 00% Executive Committee members and Group 159 215 270 576 270 576 employees 1 86% 3 01% 3 12% Free float 3 819 116 3 908 478 3 908 478 44 73% 43 47% 45 11% TOTAL 8 538 926 8 990 287 8 665 207 100 00% 100 00% 100 00% Number of voting rights used to calculate threshold crossing. This number takes into account double voting rights. Number of voting rights exercisable at general meetings. Including the 1 118 423 shares initially lent to BRED Banque Populaire  of which 1 118 421 shares were temporarily returned to Neology Holding for the purposes of the transaction. According to the Company  no other shareholder holds  directly or indirectly  alone or in concert  more than 5% of the capital and voting rights of the Company. Settlement/delivery of the New Shares The new shares will be settled and admitted to trading on Euronext Growth in Paris on May 28  2024. Newly issued shares will be of the same class and will be fungible with the existing shares  will benefit from all the rights attached to the existing shares and will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market under the same ISIN code FR0012419307 and ticker ALPUL. Abstention and holding commitments The Company entered into an abstention commitment for a period of 90 days from the settlement- delivery date of the New Shares  subject to usual exceptions. Neology Holding entered into a lock-up commitment for 100% of the shares that it holds and/or that it may come to hold through the exercise of any securities giving access to the share capital  including shares of the Company subscribed for under the Offering  until the expiry of a period of 180 calendar days following the settlement-delivery date of the Offering  subject to usual exceptions. 5This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus. Advisors Financial advisor  Global Legal advisor Financial Communication Coordinator and Bookrunner Availability of the prospectus The prospectus approved by the French Financial Markets Authority (""AMF"") on May 15  2024 under number 24-156 (the ""Prospectus"") consists of: the registration document approved by the AMF on May 15  2024 under number R.24-009 (the"" Registration Document "");R.24-009 (the Registration Document a Securities note (the "" Securities Note ""); and""); and a summary of the Prospectus (included in the Securities Note). Copies of the Prospectus are available free of charge at the registered office of the Company  Parc de Flandre ""Le Beauvaisis""  Bâtiment 28  11 rue de Cambrai  75019 Paris  on its website (www.pullupent.com) and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). The approval of the Prospectus should not be considered as a favourable opinion by the AMF on the securities offered. Investors are invited to carefully consider the risk factors described in section 3 ""Risk factors"" of the Registration Document  and Section 2 ""Risk Factors"" of the Securities Note. The list of these risks is not exhaustive. There may be other risks not yet identified or considered immaterial by the Company at the date of approval of the Prospectus. Prospective investors should read the Prospectus carefully before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and benefits associated with a decision to invest in the securities. The approval of the Prospectus by the AMF should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the securities offered. 6This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus. About PulluP Entertainment With over 600 employees based mainly in Europe  the PulluP Entertainment group is organized around three complementary business units: FOCUS ENTERTAINMENT PUBLISHING  one of the world's leading AA video game publishers  renowned for its premium production services  marketing  and communications support tailored to each project and audience. The company publishes international hits such as the A Plague Tale franchise  SnowRunner and the eagerly-awaited Warhammer 40 000: Space Marine 2. DOTEMU  leading publisher and developer in the thriving independent games scene  specializes in the production of licensed games such as the million-sellers Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder's Revenge and Streets of Rage 4. Its Arcade Crew label also produces and publishes awesome indie and innovative games such as Blazing Chrome  Infernax and The Last Spell. As part of the Group's new organization  DOTEMU is the entity responsible for publishing all PulluP Entertainment's independent games. PULLUP ENTERTAINMENT STUDIOS  which groups together seven creative studios: DOVETAIL GAMES  a UK-based studio and world leader in rail simulation games.UK-based studio and world leader in rail simulation games. DECK13 INTERACTIVE  voted Best Video Game Development Studio in Germany in 2023 and creator of the successful The Surge franchise.BLACKMILL GAMES  the Netherlands-based studio behind the World War One series franchise of multiplayer shooters such as Verdun  Tannenberg and Isonzo.Netherlands-based studio behind the World War One series franchise of multiplayer shooters such as Verdun  Tannenberg and Isonzo. LEIKIR STUDIO  based in France  developer of a highly anticipated game based on the iconic Metal Slug license.STREUM ON STUDIO  a French studio specializing and renowned in the development of first-person shooters  currently working on an original creation.first-person shooters  currently working on an original creation. DOUZE DIXIÈMES  a French studio composed of passionate creators from the animated film and video game industries. Their latest entry being Shady Part of Me  acclaimed by critics and gamers alike.CARPOOL STUDIO  a French studio created by recognized industry veterans developing a highly ambitious game-as-a-service project based on new intellectual property. Alongside these three entities dedicated to games publishing and development  SCRIPTEAM completes the Group's expertise since December 2023: specialized in audiovisual production  SCRIPTEAM's main purpose is to adapt PULLUP ENTERTAINMENT's video game licenses into series or feature films. PULLUP ENTERTAINMENT's Human Resources  Legal and Finance support functions  as well as the Technical Department  which includes the IT  Data and Customer Relations divisions  are all housed within PulluP Entertainment. All financial information pertaining to PulluP Entertainment can be found at www.pullupent.com 7This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus. Next release: FY 2023/24 results: 20 June 2024 after the market closes Contacts Investor Relations Press Relations Laure d'Hauteville Clémence Bigeon Tel: + 33 (0) 1 55 26 85 00 Tel: + 33 (0) 1 55 26 85 00 Email:IR@pullupent.com Email:Clemence.BIGEON@focusent.com Mathilde Guillemot Michael Scholze Tel.: +33 (0) 1 78 94 87 35 Tel.: +33 (0) 1 56 88 11 14 Email:mathilde.guillemot@seitosei-actifin.com Email:michael.scholze@seitosei-actifin.com 8This document must not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This press release is a promotional communication and does not constitute a prospectus. Disclaimer This press release and the information it contains do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or a solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for the shares of PulluP Entertainment in any country. This press release constitutes promotional material and is not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation""). For EEA Member States other than France  no action has been or will be taken to enable a public offering of the securities specified in this press release that may require a prospectus to be published in one of these Member States. This press release constitutes neither an offer of securities for sale nor the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States of America or any other jurisdiction in which the transaction could be subject to restrictions. Shares and any other securities of PulluP Entertainment may only be offered or sold in the United States following registration under the terms of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or within the framework of an exemption from such registration. PulluP Entertainment's shares will be offered or sold exclusively outside of the United States of America and in the form of offshore transactions  in compliance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. PulluP Entertainment has no intention of registering the offering in part or in whole in the United States of America  or of carrying out a public offering in the United States. Concerning the United Kingdom  this press release is intended for use only by persons located (x) outside the United Kingdom or (y) in the United Kingdom  who are ""qualified investors"" (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation which is part of internal law in accordance with the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) and who are (i) ""investment professionals"" within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Financial Promotion Order"")  (ii) referred to in Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc."") or (iii) persons to whom an invitation or incentive to participate in an investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may be legally communicated or transmitted (the persons referred to in paragraphs (y)(i)  (y)(ii) and (y)(iii) being jointly referred to as ""Qualified Persons""). This press release is intended only for Authorised Persons and may not be used by any person other than an Authorised Person. This press release contains indications on the objectives of PulluP Entertainment and forward-looking statements that are not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered as reasonable by PulluP Entertainment. PulluP Entertainment operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialisation of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. PulluP Entertainment draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its 9",neutral,0.39,0.6,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Entertainment Successfull Capital Increase', 'Pullup Entertainment', 'new fully operational organisation', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", 'allotment option Post transaction', 'three business lines', 'Mr Fabrice Larue', 'past four years', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'ninth (9th) resolution', '2024/2025 financial year', 'Mr Geoffroy Sardin', 'total gross amount', 'total net amount', 'new financial resources', 'new development opportunities', 'new organisation', 'new resources', 'subscription rate', 'subscription price', 'Total demand', 'new shareholders', 'initial amount', 'financial situation', 'new games', 'net debt', 'total commitment', 'existing shareholders', 'historical shareholders', 'financial position', 'United States', 'press release', 'promotional communication', 'PulluP Entertainment', 'capital increase', 'priority period', 'full exercise', 'extension clause', 'strong interest', 'Global Placement', 'successfull completion', 'issuance premium', 'ambitious plan', 'European leaders', 'AA+ market', 'reference shareholder', 'future successes', 'robust three-yearline-up', 'internal games', 'cost control', 'long-term prospects', 'institutional inves', 'New shares', 'Public Offering', 'global offering', 'strong commitment', 'irreducible basis', 'Deputy CEO', 'transaction proceeds', 'Main terms', 'developer/publisher strategy', 'profitability growth', 'production support', '2,073,535 shares', 'document', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'prospectus', 'Paris', 'Group', 'part', 'FRANCE', 'May', 'ALPUL', 'Company', 'way', 'cancellation', 'allotmentoption', 'Chairman', 'independent', 'investment', 'revenue', 'strength', 'back-catalogue', 'Warhammer', 'Space', 'Marine', 'teams', 'contribution', 'creativity', 'confidence', 'objective', 'execution', 'marketing', 'creation', 'IPs', 'synergies', 'ambition', 'Reminder', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', 'delegation', 'authority', 'September', 'launch', 'benefit', 'individuals', '08:30', '1', '0,000']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41618,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/XXL-ASA-18142963/news/XXL-Commencement-of-subscription-period-for-subsequent-offering-46815631/,XXL : Commencement of subscription period for subsequent offering,(marketscreener.com)   NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG OR JAPAN  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLA…,"NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG OR JAPAN  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFULOslo  24 May 2024: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement made by XXL ASA (the ""Company"") on 22 May 2024 regarding the board of directors' resolution to carry out the subsequent offering of up to 85 714 285 new ordinary shares (class A-shares) in the Company  each with a nominal value of NOK 0.40  at a subscription price of NOK 0.70 (the ""Subsequent Offering"").Reference is further made to the stock exchange announcement on 23 May 2024 regarding the approval by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Nw. Finanstilsynet) of the prospectus prepared by the Company (the ""Prospectus"") for (i) the listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange of 269 729 205 new ordinary shares (class A-shares) issued in the CSD on a separate and temporary ISIN NO 0013215426 in the private placement placed on 22 March 2024 (the ""Private Placement"")  and (ii) the offering of new shares to eligible shareholders in the Subsequent Offering (including the listing of such new shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange).The Subsequent Offering consists of an offer by the Company to issue up to 85 714 285 new ordinary shares (class A-shares) (the ""Offer Shares"")  each with a nominal value of NOK 0.40  at a Subscription Price of NOK 0.70 per Offer Share  being equal to the subscription price in the Private Placement. Subject to all Offer Shares being issued  the Subsequent Offering will result in NOK 60 000 000 in gross proceeds to the Company.The subscription period for the Subsequent Offering will commence today  24 May 2024  at 09:00 hours (CEST) and expire on 6 June 2024 at 16:30 hours (CEST) (the ""Subscription Period"").Shareholders of the Company as of 21 March 2024  as registered as such in the Company's shareholders register in Euronext Securities Oslo  the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (the ""CSD"") on 25 March 2024 (the ""Record Date"") who (i) were not allocated shares in the Private Placement and (ii) are not resident in a jurisdiction where such offering would be unlawful  or for jurisdictions other than Norway  that would require any approval  filing  registration or similar action of a registration document or prospectus (such eligible shareholders jointly the ""Eligible Shareholders"").Each Eligible Shareholder will be granted one (1) non-transferable subscription right (""Subscription Right"") for every 2.9457 existing shares registered as held by such Eligible Shareholder as of the Record Date  rounded down to the nearest whole Subscription Right. Each Subscription Right will  subject to applicable law  give the right to subscribe for  and be allocated  one (1) Offer Share in the Subsequent Offering. Over-subscription will be permitted. Subscription without Subscription Rights will not be permitted.Further information about the Subsequent Offering and the subscription procedures is included in the Prospectus.The Subscription Rights must be used to subscribe for Offer Shares prior to expiry of the Subscription Period on 6 June 2024 at 16:30 hours (CEST). Subscription Rights that are not used to subscribe for Offer Shares before the expiry of the Subscription Period will have no value and will lapse without compensation to the holder.The payment date for the Offer Shares is 11 June 2024. Subject to timely payment of the Offer Shares subscribed for and allocated in the Subsequent Offering  the issuance and delivery of the Offer Shares pertaining to the Subsequent Offering is expected to be completed on or about 18 June 2024 and the Offer Shares are expected to commence trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange on or about the same day.Carnegie AS  DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Bank Abp  filial i Norge are acting as managers in the Subsequent Offering. Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS is acting as legal advisor to XXL in relation to the Subsequent Offering.For further queries  please contact:Investor RelationsTolle O. R. GrøterudTel: +47 90 27 29 59E-mail: ir@xxlasa.comPress contact:Jan Christian ThommesenTel: +47 918 21 387E-mail: presse@xxl.noThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.ABOUT XXL ASAXXL is a leading sports retailer with stores and e-commerce in Norway  Sweden and Finland. It is the largest among the major sports retailers in the Nordics. XXL pursues a broad customer appeal  offering a one stop shop experience with a wide range of products for sports  hunting  skiing  biking and other outdoor activities. XXL's concept is to have the largest stores with the best prices and the widest assortment of products  focusing on branded goods.IMPORTANT NOTICE:The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. None of Carnegie AS  DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA or Nordea Bank Abp  filial i Norge (collectively  the ""Managers"") or any of their respective affiliates or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisors or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for  or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available  or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. This announcement has been prepared by and is the sole responsibility of the Company.Neither this announcement nor the information contained herein is for publication  distribution or release  in whole or in part  directly or indirectly  in or into or from the United States (including its territories and possessions  any State of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Australia  Canada  Japan  Hong Kong  South Africa or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. The publication  distribution or release of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This announcement is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and in accordance with applicable U.S. state securities laws. The Company does not intend to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States.This announcement is an advertisement and is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the ""EU Prospectus Regulation"") (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State). The securities offered in the Subsequent Offering are offered on the basis of a Prospectus prepared by the Company and dated 23 May 2024  which is available at www.carnegie.no  www.dnb.no/emisjoner and www.nordea.com/en/issuances. Investors in the Subsequent Offering should not subscribe for any securities in the Subsequent Offering except on the basis of the Prospectus.In any EEA Member State  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the EU Prospectus Regulation  i.e. only to investors who can receive the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State. The expression ""EU Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State).This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons in the United Kingdom that are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and that are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"") or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). This communication must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.This announcement is made by  and is the responsibility of  the Company. The Managers and their respective affiliates are acting exclusively for the Company and no-one else in connection with the Subsequent Offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Subsequent Offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company  for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the Subsequent Offering  the contents of this announcement or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.In connection with the Subsequent Offering  the Managers and any of their respective affiliates  acting as investors for their own accounts  may subscribe for or purchase shares and in that capacity may retain  purchase  sell  offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of the Company or related investments in connection with the Subsequent Offering or otherwise. Accordingly  references in any subscription materials to the shares being issued  offered  subscribed  acquired  placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to  or subscription  acquisition  placing or dealing by  such Managers and any of their respective affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. The Managers do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""believe""  ""aim""  ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""will""  ""may""  ""continue""  ""should"" and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies  and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control.Such risks  uncertainties  contingencies  and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. The Company  each of the Managers and their respective affiliates expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise. The information  opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date and are subject to change without notice.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.27,0.56,True,English,"['subscription period', 'subsequent offering', 'XXL', 'Commencement', 'Tolle O. R. Grøterud', 'Norwegian Central Securities Depository', 'one stop shop experience', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'one (1) non-transferable subscription right', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'filial i Norge', 'Jan Christian Thommesen', 'broad customer appeal', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS', 'other outdoor activities', 'leading sports retailer', 'major sports retailers', 'stock exchange announcement', 'DNB Bank ASA', '85,714,285 new ordinary shares', '269,729,205 new ordinary shares', 'one (1) Offer Share', 'new shares', 'Carnegie AS', 'DNB Markets', '2.9457 existing shares', 'UNITED STATES', 'HONG KONG', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', ""directors' resolution"", 'class A-shares', 'subscription price', 'Nw. Finanstilsynet', 'temporary ISIN', 'private placement', 'gross proceeds', 'subscription period', 'Record Date', 'similar action', 'Eligible Shareholder', 'applicable law', 'Subscription Rights', 'subscription procedures', 'payment date', 'timely payment', 'same day', 'legal advisor', 'Investor Relations', 'Press contact', 'disclosure requirements', 'wide range', 'best prices', 'widest assortment', 'branded goods', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'background purposes', 'Offer Shares', 'subsequent offering', 'nominal value', 'XXL ASA', 'registration document', 'largest stores', 'Further information', 'Shareholders', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'RELEASE', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AMERICA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', '24 May', 'Reference', 'Company', '22 May', 'board', 'NOK', '23 May', 'approval', 'Norway', 'prospectus', 'listing', 'CSD', 'separate', '22 March', '09:00 hours', '6 June', '16:30 hours', 'CEST', '21 March', '25 March', 'jurisdictions', 'filing', 'nearest', 'expiry', 'compensation', '11 June', 'issuance', 'delivery', '18 June', 'managers', 'queries', 'Tel', 'mail', 'xxlasa', 'presse', 'section', 'ABOUT', 'commerce', 'Sweden', 'Finland', 'Nordics', 'products', 'hunting', 'skiing', 'biking', 'concept', 'reliance', '47']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41619,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-S-A-Notice-of-Meeting-Combined-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-June-28-2024-46819161/,Cellectis S A : Notice of Meeting Combined General Meeting of Shareholders June 28  2024,(marketscreener.com)   CELLECTIS   A corporation with a share capital of 4 997 776.75 euros   Headquarters: 8  rue de la Croix Jarry - 75013 Paris   428 859 052 T.C.R. Paris      NOTICE OF MEETING   COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF...https://ww…,"CELLECTIS A corporation (""SA"") with a share capital of 4 997 776.75 euros Headquarters: 8  rue de la Croix Jarry - 75013 Paris 428 859 052 T.C.R. Paris (the ""Company"") NOTICE OF MEETING COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF JUNE 28  2024 The shareholders are hereby informed that they are convened to the combined general meeting to be held on June 28  2024at 2:30 p.m. at the Biopark auditorium  11 rue Watt  4th floor  75013 Paris  France  for the purpose of considering the following agenda: Agenda under the competence of the ordinary general meeting management report of the Board of Directors including the report on corporate governance and presentation by the Board of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 reports of the auditors on the annual financial statements and the agreements referred to in Article L. 225-38 of the French Commercial Code 225-38 of the French Commercial Code  auditors' report on the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 management report of the Group and presentation of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  approval of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  approval of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  allocation of the results for the financial year ended December 31  2023  allocation of losses carried forward to the ""share premium"" account  review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (financing agreement with Bpifrance)  review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (subsidy and repayable advance agreement with Bpifrance)  renewal of the appointment of Mr. André Choulika as a member of the board of directors  renewal of the appointment of Mr. David Sourdive as a member of the board of directors  renewal of the appointment of J.M.H. Conseil as statutory auditor  appointment of KPMG as statutory auditor  authorization to the Board of Directors to buy back shares of the Company  1Agenda under the competence of the extraordinary general meeting authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to reduce the share capital by cancelling shares under the authorization for to buy back its own shares  up-date of Article 24 of the articles of association ""Loss of one half of share capital"" in order to comply with legal provisions  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of the European Investment Bank or of other entities that may succeed EIB  according to any finance agreement entered or be entered  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (investors with experience in the health or biotech sector)  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares or any securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (credit institutions  investment services providers or members of an investment pool guaranteeing the completion of the considered issue)  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (industrial companies  institutions or entities active in the health or biotechnology sector)  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics the framework of an equity or bond financing agreement  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of ordinary shares to be issued immediately or in the future by the Company  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights  to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics within the framework of an equity financing program on the American market known as ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM""  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to immediately or in the future increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities giving access to the share capital  with the shareholders' preferential subscription rights maintained  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital immediately or in the future through the issue of ordinary shares or any securities  with cancellation of the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights by way of a public offering (other than the offers referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code)  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital immediately or in the future through the issue of ordinary shares or any securities  with cancellation of' pre- emptive subscription rights by way of an offering referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the amount of each of the issues with or without pre-emptive subscription rights which will be decided pursuant to the above delegations  2determination of the total amount of the capital increases that may be carried out under the aforementioned delegations (excluding the share capital increase with upholding of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights and the share capital increase in favor of the European Investment Bank or of other entities that may succeed EIB  according to any finance agreement)  delegation of authority to be granted to the board of directors to increase the capital by incorporation of premiums  reserves  profits or other  authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to grant options to subscribe for or purchase ordinary shares in the Company  entailing a waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights  authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to proceed with free allocations of ordinary shares of the Company  to the benefit of employees and/or corporate officers of the Company and its subsidiaries  entailing the waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights  determination of the total amount of the capital increases that may be carried out by virtue of the aforementioned authorization to grant options to subscribe for or purchase shares and the aforementioned authorization to grant free shares  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors for the purpose of carrying out a capital increase whose subscription will be reserved for members of a company savings plan established pursuant to Articles L. 3332-1 et seq. of the Labor Code. First resolution Approval of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the management report of the Board of Directors including the corporate governance report for the year ended December 31  2023 and the statutory auditors' report on the annual financial statements and corporate governance  approves the annual financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023  resulting in a loss of 104 392 234 euros  as presented to it  as well as the transactions reflected in such financial statements and summarized in said reports  notes that the accounts do not show any expenses and charges referred to in Article 39-4 of the General Tax Code  nor any excess depreciation. Second resolution Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having read the report on the management of the group during the financial year ending December 31  2023 and on the consolidated financial statements for that year  as well as the auditors' report on the said financial statements  approves the annual financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023  resulting in a loss of 108 443 000 US dollars as presented to it  as well as the transactions reflected in such financial statements and summarized in said reports. 3Third resolution Allocation of the results for the financial year ended December 31  2023 The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the management report of the Board of Directors  noting that the loss for the financial year ending December 31  2023 amounts to the sum of 104 392 234 euros  resolves to allocate said loss to the ""retained earnings"" account  which  as a result  will be negative up to this amount. In accordance with Article 243 bis of the French General Tax Code  it is recalled that no dividend has been distributed for the last three financial years. Fourth resolution Allocation of losses carried forward to the ""share premium"" account  The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the management report of the Board of Directors  noting that the ""retained earnings"" account amounts to 104 392 234 euros after allocation of the losses for the financial year ending December 31  2023  and that the ""share premium"" account amounts to 228 505 568 euros as of December 31  2023  decides to charge all the losses recorded in the ""retained earnings"" account to the ""share premium"" account  which is thus reduced to 124 113 334 euros  notes that as a result the ""retained earnings"" account is completely cleared. Fifth resolution Review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (financing agreement with Bpifrance) The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the auditors' special report  approves the agreement entered into with Bpifrance  under which Bpifrance will finance over a 12- month period the Company's claim against the French Treasury in respect of the Research Tax Credit  the conclusion of which was authorized by the Board of Directors at its meeting of August 3  2023. Sixth resolution Review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (subsidy and repayable advance agreement with Bpifrance) The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  4having reviewed the auditors' special report  approves the subsidy and repayable advance agreement entered into with Bpifrance    the conclusion of which was authorized by the Board of Directors at its meeting of August 3  2023. Seventh resolution Renewal of the appointment of Mr. André Choulika as a member of the board of directors The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  notes that the term of office as Director of Mr. André Choulika is due to expire at the close of this General Meeting  resolves to renew the terms of office of Mr. André Choulika for a term of three (3) years due to expire at the end of the annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders called to approve the accounts for the financial year ending December 31  2026. Mr. André Choulika has already accepted the renewal of his appointment. Eighth resolution Renewal of the appointment of Mr. David Sourdive as a member of the board of directors The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  notes that the term of office as Director of Mr. David Sourdive is due to expire at the close of this General Meeting  resolves to renew the terms of office of Mr. David Sourdive for a term of three (3) years due to expire at the end of the annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders called to approve the accounts for the financial year ending December 31  2026. Mr. David Sourdive has already accepted the renewal of his appointment. Ninth resolution Renewal of the appointment of J.M.H. Conseil as statutory auditor The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  notes that the term of office as statutory auditor of J.M.H. Conseil is due to expire at the close of this General Meeting  resolves to renew the terms of office of J.M.H. Conseil as statutory auditor for a six fiscal-year period  due to expire at the end of the annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders called to approve the accounts for the financial year ending December 31  2029. 5Tenth resolution Appointment of KPMG SA as statutory auditor The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  notes that the term of office as statutory auditor of Ernst & Young et Autres is due to expire at the close of this General Meeting  resolves to appoint KPMG SA as statutory auditor for a six fiscal-year period  due to expire at the end of the annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders called to approve the accounts for the financial year ending December 31  2029. Eleventh resolution Authorization to the Board of Directors to buy back shares of the Company The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for ordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors  authorizes the Board of Directors to acquire shares in the Company under the conditions set out in Articles L. 22-10-62 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  resolves that the acquisition  sale or transfer of these shares may be carried out by any means  on one or more occasions  in particular on the market or over-the-counter  including by acquisition or sale of blocks  public offers  using option or derivative mechanisms  under the conditions provided for by the market authorities and in compliance with the applicable regulations  resolves that the authorization may be used in order: to ensure the liquidity of the Company's shares under a liquidity agreement entered into with an investment services provider  in accordance with the market practice accepted by the financial markets authority with regard to share liquidity agreements to honor obligations related to stock option programs  free share grants  employee savings schemes or other share allocations to employees and managers of the Company or its affiliates to deliver shares on the exercise of rights attached to securities giving access to the capital to purchase shares to be held and subsequently remitted in exchange or as payment market in the context of possible external growth transactions  in compliance with stock market practices permitted by the financial markets authority to cancel some or all of the shares so repurchased more generally  to operate for any purpose which may be authorized by law or any market practice which may be permitted by the market authorities  it being specified that in such a case the Company will inform its shareholders by means of a press release  resolves to set the maximum unit purchase price per share (excluding fees and commissions) at 10 euros  with an overall ceiling of 10 000 000 euros  it being specified that this purchase price will be subject to any adjustments which may be necessary to take into account transactions affecting the share capital (in particular in the event of the incorporation of reserves and the free allocation of 6shares  share splits or reverse splits) which may occur during the period of validity of this authorization  notes that the maximum number of shares which may be purchased pursuant to this resolution may not at any time exceed 10% of the total number of shares comprising the share capital at any time  it being specified that (i) when the shares are acquired for the purpose of promoting the liquidity of the Company's shares  the number of shares taken into account for the calculation of this limit will correspond to the number of shares purchased less the number of shares resold during the term of the authorization and (ii) when the shares are to be retained and subsequently remitted in payment or exchange in connection with a merger  demerger or contribution  the number of shares acquired may not exceed 5% of the total number of shares  grants all powers to the Board of Directors  with the right to sub-delegate under the conditions provided for by law  to implement this authorization  to place all stock market orders  to conclude all agreements under the conditions permitted by law  to carry out all formalities  procedures and declarations with the financial markets authority and all other competent bodies and  in general  to do whatever is necessary. This authorization is granted for a period of eighteen (18) months as from the present Meeting and terminates any previous authorization having the same purpose. Twelfth resolution Authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to reduce the share capital by cancelling shares under the authorization to buy back its own shares The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' special report  authorizes the Board of Directors  in accordance with Article L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code  to cancel on one or more occasions up to a maximum limit of 10% of the amount of the share capital per twenty-four (24) month period all or part of the shares acquired by the Company and to reduce the share capital accordingly  it being specified that this limit applies to an amount of share capital which will  if applicable  be adjusted to take into account any transactions affecting it subsequent to the date of this Meeting  resolves that any excess of the purchase price of the shares over their nominal value will be charged to the share  merger or contribution premium account or to any available reserve account  including the legal reserve  provided that this does not become less than 10% of the capital reduction performed  grants all powers to the Board of Directors  with the right to sub-delegate under the conditions provided for by law  to carry out all acts  formalities or declarations with a view to finalizing the capital reductions that may be carried out by virtue of the present authorization and to amend the Company's Bylaws accordingly This authorization is granted for a period of eighteen (18) months as from the present Meeting and terminates any previous authorization having the same purpose. Thirteenth resolution Up-date of Article 24 of the articles of association ""Loss of one half of share capital"" in order to comply with legal provisions The General Meeting  ruling under the conditions of quorum and majority required for extraordinary general meetings  7having considered the report of the board of directors  resolves to amend Article 24 of the Articles of Association ""Loss of one half of share capital"" as follows  in order to comply with the legal provisions concerning the procedures for restoring shareholders' equity in the event of a loss of one half of share capital: ""ARTICLE 24 ~ LOSS OF ONE HALF OF SHARE CAPITAL If  as a result of losses recorded in the accounting documents  the company's shareholders' equity falls below half of the share capital  the Board of Directors is required  within four months of the approval of the financial statements showing this loss  to convene an Extraordinary General Meeting to decide whether the company should be wound up early. If the company is not wound up  it must  by the end of the second financial year following that in which the losses were recognised  restore its shareholders' equity to a value at least equal to half of its share capital or  subject to Article L. 224-2  reduce its share capital by the amount necessary to bring the value of its shareholders' equity to at least half of its share capital. In both cases  the resolution adopted by the General Meeting is published in accordance with the regulatory procedures. If  before the deadline referred to in the second paragraph of this article  the shareholders' equity has not been reconstituted to a value at least equal to half of the share capital  even though the company's share capital exceeds a threshold set by decree by the Conseil d'Etat according to the size of its balance sheet  the company is required  at the latest at the close of the second financial year following this deadline  to reduce its share capital  subject to article L. 224-2  to a value less than or equal to this threshold. If  in application of the fourth paragraph of this article  the company has reduced its share capital without reconstituting its shareholders' equity and subsequently carries out a capital increase  it must bring itself back into compliance with the provisions of the same fourth paragraph before the end of the second financial year following that in which the increase took place. If no General Meeting is held  or if the General Meeting was unable to validly deliberate on the last notice of meeting  any interested party may apply to the courts for the company to be wound up. The same applies if the provisions of the fourth paragraph have not been applied. In all cases  the court may grant the company a maximum period of six months to rectify the situation. It may not order the dissolution of the company if  on the day it rules on the merits of the case  the situation has been regularized. The provisions of this article do not apply to companies in safeguard or receivership proceedings or benefiting from a safeguard or receivership plan."" Fourteenth resolution Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of the European Investment Bank (EIB) or of other entities that may succeed EIB  according to any finance agreement entered or be entered with EIB The General Meeting  voting under the quorum and majority conditions required for extraordinary general meetings  having reviewed the report of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors' report  in accordance with the provisions the French Commercial Code and  in particular  Articles L. 22-10-49  8L. 225-12-2  L. 225-135 L-225-138 and L. 228-91 et seq.  delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the legal conditions  its authority to decide  on one or more occasions  in the proportions and at the times it sees fit  both in France and abroad  the issue of ordinary shares of the Company as well as any securities that are giving access to equity securities (including  in particular  share subscription warrants or share issue warrants)  or giving right to the allocation of debt securities  said shares or other securities may be issued in euros  in a foreign currency or in any monetary currency or in any monetary units established by reference to several currencies  at the discretion of the Board of Directors  resolves that the securities so issued may consist of debt securities  be associated with the issue of such securities or permit the issue of such securities as intermediated securities  resolves that the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  is set at 155 000 euros or its equivalent in foreign currency  to which shall be added  if applicable  the nominal value of additional shares or securities to be issued  if any  in order to preserve  in accordance with the law and as the case may be to the applicable contractual provisions  the rights of the holders of securities and other rights giving access to the capital  resolves that the total nominal amount of the issues of debt securities giving access to the capital which may be realized in this way may not exceed 300 000 000 euros (or the equivalent value of this amount in the case of an issue in another currency)  it being specified that: this amount will be increased  if applicable  by any redemption premium above par this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code  the issue of which are decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions determined by the Company in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the French Commercial Code  resolves to cancel the shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the Company's ordinary shares and/or any securities and/or debt securities to be issued in favor of the European Investment Bank (EIB) under any existing or future financing agreement between EIB and the Company (a ""Financing Agreement"") or any successor entity to EIB under any Financing Agreement  specifies  insofar as necessary  that pursuant to Article L. 225-132 of the French Commercial Code  the decision to issue securities giving access to the capital also entails the waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription right to the equity securities to which the securities issued will give entitlement  resolves that the sum received  or to be received  by the Company for each of the shares issued within the framework of the aforementioned delegation shall be at least equal to the nominal value of the said shares on the date of issue  and resolves furthermore that the issue price of the new shares which may be issued by virtue of this delegation shall be at least equal to the average price of a share on the Euronext Growth market (or in the event of failure to list on this market  on any other market on which the Company's shares are then listed)  weighted by volumes  during the last three trading sessions prior to the setting of the issue price  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  taking into account  if applicable  the date of dividend entitlement  it being specified that (i) in the event of the issue of securities giving access to the share capital  the issue price of the ordinary shares which may be issued as a result of their exercise  conversion or exchange of such securities may be set  at the Board's discretion  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the Board and applicable after the issue of such securities (e.g. upon their exercise  conversion or exchange)  in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the Board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of the said formula (and not on the date of setting the issue price) and (ii) the issue price of the securities giving access to the share capital  if any  issued pursuant to this resolution shall be such that the amount  if any  received immediately by the Company  plus the amount which may be received by the Company upon exercise or conversion of 9",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Cellectis S A', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Shareholders', '8, rue de la Croix Jarry', 'J.M.H. Conseil', 'ordinary general meeting management report', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", '052 T.C.R. Paris', 'extraordinary general meeting authorization', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'French Commercial Code', 'Mr. André Choulika', 'Mr. David Sourdive', 'repayable advance agreement', 'European Investment Bank', 'investment services providers', 'annual financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'bond financing agreement', 'share premium"" account', 'equity financing program', '11 rue Watt', 'finance agreement', 'financial year', 'ordinary shares', 'share capital', 'Biopark auditorium', '4th floor', 'corporate governance', 'statutory auditor', 'one half', 'legal provisions', 'biotech sector', 'industrial companies', 'biotechnology sector', 'back shares', 'Article L.', 'other entities', 'credit institutions', 'other securities', 'American market', 'following agenda', 'articles L.', '75013 Paris', 'CELLECTIS', 'corporation', 'SA', '4,997,776.75 euros', 'Headquarters', 'Company', 'NOTICE', 'JUNE', 'France', 'purpose', 'competence', 'Board', 'Directors', 'presentation', 'reports', 'auditors', 'agreements', 'Group', 'approval', 'allocation', 'results', 'losses', 'review', 'subsidy', 'renewal', 'appointment', 'member', 'KPMG', 'association', 'order', 'delegation', 'authority', 'future', 'cancellation', 'favor', 'EIB', 'category', 'persons', 'characteristics', 'investors', 'experience', 'health', 'completion', 'issue', 'framework', 'issuance', 'benefit', 'ATM', 'access', '2:30']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41620,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACHILLES-THERAPEUTICS-PLC-120866204/news/Achilles-Therapeutics-THIS-DOCUMENT-IS-IMPORTANT-AND-REQUIRES-YOUR-IMMEDIATE-ATTENTION-Form-6-K-46817741/,Achilles Therapeutics : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt as to the action to be taken  please seek your own financial advice from your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriately aut…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to the action to be taken  please seek your own financial advice from your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. If you have recently sold or transferred all of your shares in the Company  you should hand this document and all accompanying documents  as soon as possible  to the purchaser or transferee of those shares  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee.24 May 2024 Dear Shareholder  2024 Annual General Meeting of Achilles Therapeutics plc (the ""AGM"" or ""Meeting"") We are pleased to provide details of the AGM of Achilles Therapeutics plc (the ""Company"") to be held as a physical meeting at 14:00UK time (09:00 Eastern Time) on Tuesday 25 June 2024 at 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  United Kingdom. The formal notice of AGM set out in this document (the ""Notice of AGM"") at pages 9 to 12 contains the shareholder resolutions to be proposed and voted on at the AGM. Shareholder engagement We appreciate that the AGM is your opportunity to receive an update on the Company and ask questions of the board of directors (the ""Board""). To support engagement with our shareholders  it is our intention to live stream the Meeting by audio webcast and to enable questions relating to the AGM resolutions to be submitted in advance of the Meeting. The webcasting arrangements will allow shareholders to hear from the Company and follow the business of the AGM on their computer  tablet or smart phone from their location of choice  although this will not constitute formal attendance at the Meeting. If you wish to listen to the webcast of the AGM  please email your name (and name of the shareholder or ADS holder you represent  if applicable)  address and email ID to shares@achillestx.com with '2024 AGM Webcast' in the title line by no later than 17:00 UK time (12:00 Eastern Time) on 18 June 2024. Further details on how to access the webcast are set out on page 11 of this Notice of AGM. The proposed running order of the Meeting is set out below (all times UK time): 14:00 - 14:10 Welcome and open Meeting 14:10 - 14:40 Presentation by the Chairman of the Board 14:40 - 15:00 Q&A 15:00 Close of Meeting Shareholder questions Shareholders are invited to submit their questions in advance by sending an email to shares@achillestx.com with 'AGM question' in the title line by 17:00 UK time (12:00 Eastern Time) on 18 June 2024. We would like to respond to as many shareholders' questions as possible and therefore we will answer questions during the Meeting in a way that aims to best recognise the interests of all shareholders. To assist with this  we ask that you help us to facilitate access from as many shareholders as possible by limiting the number of questions and keeping your questions succinct  focused on and relevant to the business of the Meeting. In the interests of transparency for all shareholders  responses to questions not able to be addressed during the Meeting will be available on our website as soon as practicable following the AGM. Voting - Ordinary Shares We are holding our AGM as a physical meeting and are therefore unable to offer shareholders online voting facilities during the AGM. It is important that shareholders do still cast their votes in respect of the business of the AGM. We strongly encourage all shareholders to complete and return a proxy form appointing the Chairman of the Meeting  as proxy. Further information on how to appoint a proxy is detailed on pages 10 and 11 of this Notice of AGM. In order to allow the voting preferences of all shareholders to be taken into account  a poll will be conducted on all resolutions proposed in this Notice of AGM. The results of the voting will be posted on the Company's website as soon as practicable after the Meeting. 2Action to be taken Ordinary Shareholders If you are a holder of ordinary shares in the Company  please vote on the resolutions by appointing a proxy in accordance with the instructions set out at pages 10 and 11 of this Notice of AGM. A form of proxy for use by ordinary shareholders at the AGM is enclosed. You are strongly encouraged to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as your proxy. You are advised to complete and return the form of proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it so as to arrive at the Company's registered office (245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW) marked for the attention of the Company Secretary as soon as possible  but in any event no later than 14:00 (UK time) (09:00 Eastern Time) on 21 June 2024. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or give an instruction through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST manual. If at any point you require guidance  please contact Daniel Hood  Company Secretary  by telephone at +44 (0) 204 534 1996 or shares@achillestx.com. ADS Holders If you are a holder of American Depositary Shares in the Company (""ADS"")  please vote on the resolutions in accordance with the instructions set out at page 10 of this Notice of AGM. A form of proxy for use by ADS holders will be sent to the brokerage firm  bank or nominee through which you hold your ADS. Recommendation You will find on pages 4 to 6 of this document an explanatory note in relation to each of the various resolutions which are set out in the Notice of AGM. Your Board consider that the proposed resolutions in the Notice of AGM are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and are most likely to promote the success of the Company. Accordingly  your Board unanimously recommend that shareholders vote in favour of the resolutions. Thank you for your ongoing support of Achilles Therapeutics. Edwin Moses Chairman 3EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE BUSINESS OF THE AGM Resolutions 1 to 10 are proposed as ordinary resolutions. This means that for each of those resolutions to be passed  more than half of the votes cast must be in favour of each resolution. ORDINARY BUSINESS Resolutions 1 to 6: Re-election of directors In accordance with the Articles of Association  at each AGM  every one of the Company's directors shall retire from office. A retiring director may offer themselves for re-appointment by the shareholders and a director that is re-appointed to office will be treated as continuing in office without a break. In accordance with this requirement  the following directors retire and offer themselves for re-election as directors: Resolution 1 Edwin Moses Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Board As a CEO for a total of almost 20 years  Edwin built two businesses (Oxford Asymmetry International plc and Ablynx nv)  led their successful IPOs on the LSE  EuroNext and NASDAQ  and raised over €500M in equity and debt financing. He ran the sales process for each company generating values of £316M and €3.9Bn respectively. At Ablynx  Edwin ensured that the novel Nanobody technology platform was used to build a broad product pipeline  including Cablivi™  which is approved for use in both Europe and the USA. In addition  he helped secure pharmaceutical collaborations with a potential value of >€10Bn. Edwin has expertise in high value service provision to the pharmaceutical industry and in drug discovery and development  with more than 25 years of Board level experience in >20 companies. He is currently Chairman of Achilles Therapeutics plc  Avantium NV and LabGenius Ltd. Resolution 2 Iraj Ali Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company Iraj Ali has been Chief Executive Officer of Achilles Therapeutics since 2018. Previously he served as a Managing Partner of Syncona Ltd. During his tenure at Syncona he served as an investment partner and Board member of Nightstar Therapeutics and Blue Earth Diagnostics. Prior to that he was an Associate-Principal at McKinsey & Company where he was involved in several major pharmaceutical launches across developed and emerging markets. He has also held roles in scientific research: EMBO Research Scholar (UCSC)  Drug Discovery Scientist (RiboTargets  Cambridge). Iraj has a PhD in Biochemistry from Cambridge University. Resolution 3 Carsten Boess Non-Executive Director Carsten Boess brings almost 30 years of experience in senior roles in pharmaceutical and biotech organisations. He currently serves on the Boards of Directors at Rocket Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Avidity Biosciences  Inc.  and is Chair of the Audit Committee of both companies. Previously he served as Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs at Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals  where he also held the role of Chief Business Officer. Prior to that he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Synageva Biopharma Corporation until its acquisition by Alexion Pharmaceuticals in 2015. Carsten also served in a number of roles at Insulet Corporation  including as Chief Financial Officer and Vice 4President of International Operations. He was also Executive Vice President of Finance for Serono Inc.  and prior to that he served as Chief Financial Officer at Alexion Pharmaceuticals  and was a finance executive at Novozymes of North America and Novo Nordisk in France  Switzerland and China. During his tenure at Novo Nordisk he served on Novo Nordisk's Global Finance Board. Resolution 4 Bernhard Ehmer Non-Executive Director Bernhard Ehmer is a veteran biotechnology and pharmaceutical executive with more than three decades in senior leadership roles. He most recently served as CEO of Biotest AG in Germany and also served as chairman of the board of directors at Symphogen A/S  Denmark until its acquisition by Servier SA in June 2020. Prior to this  he worked for ImClone Systems  a wholly owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly  as President of ImClone Systems Inc. in the United States and as managing director in Germany. Before this he was CEO of Fresenius Biotech  where he was instrumental in the EU approval of Removab®  a treatment for malignant ascites. Since May 2022  he has been Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Biotest AG. Resolution 5 Michael Giordano Non-Executive Director Michael Giordano brings more than 15 years of experience leading pharmaceutical research and development organisations. He served as Head of Development for Oncology and Immuno-Oncology at Bristol-Myers Squibb where he was responsible for the development strategy of the enterprise for this therapeutic area  as well as direction for eight teams working on innovative medicines to improve the standard of care for patients  including Opdivo®  Yervoy®  Empliciti™  and Sprycel®. Prior to this role  Michael held positions within the research and development organisation  leading the development of more than a dozen non-oncology molecules in the United States  the European Union and Asia. Michael served as the Chief Medical Officer / Senior Advisor at Epizyme Therapeutics helping bring one of the first epigenetic medicines  Tazemetostat  through late stage development and regulatory approval. Michael also serves on the boards of RAPT Therapeutics  Epizyme Therapeutics  and Oncovalent Therapeutics. Resolution 6 Julie O'Neill Non-Executive Director Julie O'Neill is a business professional with more than two decades of executive experience in senior leadership roles. She was previously Executive Vice President  Global Operations at Alexion Pharmaceuticals. where she led the Global Operations business including product development  manufacturing  quality  supply chain and global real estate functions. Prior to joining Alexion  she was Vice President of Operations at Gilead Sciences. Ms. O'Neill serves as an Independent Director on the boards of ICON  DBV Technologies Hookipa Pharma  ILC Dover and Advancion (formerly know as Angus Chemical Company). She is also on the Board of Ireland's National Institute for Bioprocessing Research & Training (NIBRT). The Board of Directors recommend a vote for the approval of Resolutions 1 to 6. 5Resolutions 7 and 8: Appointment of auditors and determination of auditors' remuneration At each general meeting at which the accounts are laid before shareholders  the Company is required to appoint auditors to serve until the next such general meeting. KPMG LLP has indicated its willingness to continue to act as the Company's auditors. Accordingly  Resolution 7 is an ordinary resolution to re-appoint KPMG LLP  an English registered limited liability partnership  as the Company's statutory auditor in the UK to serve until the next AGM of the Company. Resolution 8 is an ordinary resolution giving the Company's Audit Committee authority to determine the auditors' remuneration for the fiscal year ending 31 December 2024. The Board of Directors recommend a vote for the approval of Resolutions 7 and 8. Resolution 9: Receipt of the reports and accounts The Companies Act 2006 (the ""CA 2006"") requires the directors of a public company to lay  in respect of each financial year  copies of the directors' reports  the independent auditors' report and the audited financial statements of the Company before the Company's shareholders. Each report and the audited financial statements of the Company are contained in the 2023 Annual Report. In accordance with best practice  the Company proposes an ordinary resolution to receive the 2023 Annual Report. The 2023 Annual Report may be found in the ""Investors & Media"" section of the Company website at: https://ir.achillestx.com/AGM2024 The Board of Directors recommend a vote for the approval of Resolution 9. Resolution 10: UK statutory directors' annual report on remuneration The CA 2006 requires that the annual report on directors' remuneration  contained within the 2023 Annual Report  be subject to an annual advisory  non-binding vote so that shareholders may indicate  by voting on an ordinary resolution  their approval of the remuneration of the Company's directors in the relevant financial year  as well as how the Company's remuneration policy will be applied in the following financial year. The full text of the Company's remuneration report is set out at pages 13 to 33 of the 2023 Annual Report and sets out the Company's policy towards  and gives details of  Directors' remuneration and other relevant information. This vote is advisory and non-binding. Although non-binding  our Board  and the Remuneration Committee of the Board  will review and consider the voting results when making future decisions regarding our director remuneration program and the application of our Directors' Remuneration Policy. Following the upcoming AGM  and as required by the CA 2006  the directors' annual report on remuneration will be delivered to the UK Registrar of Companies. The Board of Directors recommend a vote for the approval  on a non-binding  advisory basis  of Resolution 10. 6SHAREHOLDER NOTES VOTING - ADS Holders You are entitled to exercise your vote as a holder of an interest in the capital of the Company represented by ADSs if you or your brokerage firm  bank or nominee is registered as a holder of ADSs at 17:00 Eastern Standard Time on 17 May 2024 (the ""Record Date"" for ADS holders). Beneficial Holders: If you hold ADSs through a brokerage firm  bank or nominee by the Record Date  the materials for ADS holders  including the ADS proxy card  will be sent to that organisation. The organisation holding your account is considered the ADS holder of record. Please reach out to that organisation to provide your voting instructions. Registered Holders: If your ADSs are registered under your name directly with The Bank of New York Mellon's Transfer Agent  Computershare  you will receive the ADS proxy card and materials directly to the address as maintained in your account with Computershare. Please note that ADS proxy cards submitted by ADS holders must be received by The Bank of New York Mellon  no later than 17:00 Eastern Standard Time on 19 June 2024. The Bank of New York Mellon will collate all votes properly submitted by ADS holders and submit a vote on behalf of all ADS holders. Contacts for ADS holders For beneficial holders  if you have queries about how you can deliver voting instructions  please contact your brokerage firm or bank who is holding the ADSs on your behalf under a nominee name. For registered holders whose ADSs are registered under their own name  please contact The Bank of New York Mellon - ADR Shareholder Services at tel: +1-888-269-2377 (toll free within the United States) or +1-201-680-6825 (for international callers) or by email: shrrelations@cpushareownerservices.com. 7OTHER INFORMATION A copy of this Notice of AGM  our 2023 Annual Report and other information required by section 311 of the CA 2006 can be found at www.achillestx.com  as well as form of proxy (all available in the Investors section of the website). Information rights Under the CA 2006  there are a number of rights that may be available to indirect investors of the Company  including the right to be nominated by the registered holder to receive general shareholder communications directly from the Company. The rights of indirect investors who have been nominated to receive communications from the Company in accordance with section 146 CA 2006 (""nominated persons"") do not include the right to appoint a proxy. However  nominated persons may have a right under an agreement with the registered shareholder who holds the shares on their behalf to be appointed (or to have someone else appointed) as a proxy. Alternatively  if nominated persons do not have such a right or do not wish to exercise it  they may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the person holding the shares as to the exercise of voting rights. If you have been so nominated to receive general shareholder communications directly from the Company  it is important to remember that your main contact in terms of your investment remains with the registered shareholder or custodian or broker  or whoever administers the investment on your behalf. You should also deal with them in relation to any rights that you may have under agreements with them to be appointed as a proxy and to attend  participate in  and vote at the meeting  as described above. Any changes or queries relating to your personal details and holding (including any administration thereof) must continue to be directed to your existing contact at your investment manager or custodian. The Company cannot guarantee dealing with matters that are directed to us in error. The only exception to this is where the Company is exercising one of its powers under the CA 2006 and writes to you directly for a response. Shareholder requisition rights Members satisfying the thresholds in section 338 CA 2006 can require the Company: a. to give  to members of the Company entitled to receive notice of the annual general meeting  notice of a resolution which may properly be moved  and which those members intend to move  at the meeting; and b. to include in the business to be dealt with at the meeting any matter (other than a proposed resolution) which may properly be included in the business at the meeting  provided in each case that the requirements of those sections are met and provided that the request is received by the Company not later than six clear weeks before the meeting or if later the time at which notice is given of the meeting. Total voting rights and share capital As at 17 May 2024 (the latest practicable date before the publication of this Notice of AGM)  the issued share capital of the Company was 41 087 901 ordinary shares and one deferred share. 8ACHILLES THERAPEUTICS PLC (the ""Company"") (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with registered number: 13027460) Notice of Annual General Meeting for 2024 Notice is hereby given that the 2024 Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of the Company will be held at 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  United Kingdom on Tuesday 25 June 2024 at 14:00 UK time (09:00 Eastern Time) to transact the following business: ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS To consider and  if thought fit  pass Resolutions 1 to 10 (inclusive) which will be proposed as ordinary resolutions: 1. To re-elect as a director  Edwin Moses  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 2. To re-elect as a director  Iraj Ali  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 3. To re-elect as a director  Carsten Boess  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 4. To re-elect as a director  Bernhard Ehmer  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 5. To re-elect as a director  Michael Giordano  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 6. To re-elect as a director  Julie O'Neill  who retires by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association. 7. To re-appoint KPMG LLP  an English registered limited liability partnership  as UK statutory auditors of the Company  to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of shareholders. 8. To authorise the Company's Audit Committee to determine our auditors' remuneration for the fiscal year ending 31 December 2024. 9. To receive the UK statutory annual accounts and reports for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023 and to note that the Directors do not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023. 10. To receive and approve  on a non-binding  advisory basis  our UK statutory directors' remuneration report for the year ended 31 December 2023  which is set forth at pages 13 to 33 of the 2023 Annual Report. By order of the Board Edwin Moses Chairman 24 May 2024 Registered Office: 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  United Kingdom 9Notice of Meeting-Further Notes 1. The Company  pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended)  specifies that only those members registered in the Company's Register of Members of the Company at 14:00 (UK time) on 21 June 2024 (or if the Meeting is adjourned  members entered on the Register of Members of the Company not later than 14:00 (UK time) on the date which is two working days before the date of the adjourned Meeting) shall be entitled to attend  speak and vote at the AGM in respect of the number of ordinary shares registered in their name at that time. Changes to entries on the Register of Members of the Company after this time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend  speak or vote at the Meeting. 2. A member entitled to attend  speak and vote at the Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of his/her rights to attend  speak and to vote instead of him/her. A proxy need not be a member of the Company but must attend the Meeting in person. If a member wishes his/her proxy to speak on his/her behalf at the Meeting he/she will need to appoint his/her own choice of proxy (not the Chairman) and give his/her instructions directly to them. Completion and return of a form of proxy will not preclude a member from attending  speaking and voting at the Meeting or any adjournment thereof in person. If a proxy is appointed and the member attends the Meeting in person  the proxy appointment will automatically be terminated. 3. A member may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. A member may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. To appoint more than one proxy  please sign and date the form of proxy and attach a schedule listing the names and addresses (in block letters) of all of your proxies  the number of shares in respect of which each proxy is appointed (which  in aggregate  should not exceed the number of shares held by you) and indicating how you wish each proxy to vote or abstain from voting. If you wish to appoint the Chairman as one of your multiple proxies  simply write ""the Chairman of the Meeting"". 4. A form of proxy is enclosed and details of how to appoint and direct a proxy to vote on each resolution are set out in the notes to the form of proxy. To be valid the form of proxy must be completed and signed  and lodged with the Company at 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  marked for the attention of the Company Secretary  no later than 14:00 (UK time) on 21 June 2024 and in the event of adjournment not less than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time fixed for the Meeting together with  if appropriate  the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed or a notarially certified or office copy of such power or authority. In the case of a member which is a Company  the proxy form must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the Company or an attorney for the Company. You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set out in these notes and the notes to the form of proxy. 5. In the case of joint holders  the signature of only one of the joint holders is required on the form of proxy. In the event that more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  the appointment submitted by the first named holder on the Register of Members of the Company will be accepted to the exclusion of the other joint holder. 6. Any corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a member provided that  if it is appointing more than one corporate representative  it does not do so in relation to the same shares. It is therefore no longer necessary to nominate a designated corporate representative. 7. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the AGM and any adjournment(s) of the Meeting by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. 10In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's agent (ID: BO011) no later than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the Meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) should note that Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his/her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 8. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution  and if no voting indication is given  a proxy may vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion. A proxy may vote (or abstain from voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the Meeting. 9. In order to revoke a proxy instruction a member will need to send a signed hard copy notice clearly stating your intention to revoke a proxy appointment to the Company at 245 Hammersmith Road  London W6 8PW  marked for the attention of the Company Secretary  together with  if appropriate  the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed or a notarially certified or office copy of such power or authority. In the case of a member  which is a company  the notice must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the company or an attorney for the company. 10. If a shareholder or an ADS holder wishes to listen to the webcast of the AGM  please email your name (and name of the shareholder or ADS holder you represent  if applicable)  address and email ID to shares@achillestx.com with '2024 AGM Webcast' in the title line. The Company will email the access details directly to the shareholder or ADS holder to access the webcast. The email must be received by the Company by no later than 17:00 (UK Time) (12:00 Eastern time) on 18 June 2024 in order for the shareholder or ADS holder to be entitled to access the webcast. Please note joining the webcast will not constitute formal attendance at the AGM  and shareholders and ADS holders will not be able to vote as part of the AGM webcast. As a result  you are strongly encouraged to submit a proxy form to ensure that you are able to participate in the business of the meeting. 11",neutral,0.06,0.88,0.06,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Achilles Therapeutics', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'DOCUMENT', 'Form', 'CREST electronic proxy appointment service', 'Achilles Therapeutics plc', 'London W6 8PW', 'independent financial adviser', 'online voting facilities', 'American Depositary Shares', '2024 Annual General Meeting', ""many shareholders' questions"", 'CREST members', 'CREST manual', 'financial advice', 'accompanying documents', 'other agent', '14:00UK time', '00 Eastern Time', '245 Hammersmith Road', 'United Kingdom', 'webcasting arrangements', 'smart phone', 'formal attendance', 'title line', '17:00 UK time', '15:00 Q&A', 'Further information', 'registered office', 'Daniel Hood', 'ADS Holders', 'Dear Shareholder', 'voting preferences', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'email ID', 'Further details', 'running order', 'Ordinary Shares', 'Ordinary Shareholders', 'physical meeting', 'open Meeting', 'shareholder resolutions', 'Shareholder engagement', 'Tuesday 25 June', 'Company Secretary', 'formal notice', 'AGM question', 'Shareholder questions', 'proxy form', 'AGM resolutions', '2024 AGM Webcast', '18 June', '21 June', 'AGM.', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'bank', 'sale', 'transmission', '24 May', 'pages', 'opportunity', 'update', 'board', 'directors', 'intention', 'audio', 'advance', 'business', 'computer', 'tablet', 'location', 'choice', 'name', 'address', 'achillestx', '40 Presentation', 'Chairman', 'way', 'interests', 'access', 'number', 'transparency', 'responses', 'website', 'votes', 'respect', 'poll', 'results', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'use', 'event', 'procedures', 'guidance', 'telephone']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
41621,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-S-A-Report-of-the-board-of-directors-to-the-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-June-28-46819162/,Cellectis S A : Report of the board of directors to the Combined Shareholders' Meeting - June 28  2024,(marketscreener.com)   Free translation - for information only   CELLECTIS   A corporation with a share capital of 4 997 776.75 euros   Headquarters: 8  rue de la Croix Jarry - 75013 Paris   428 859 052 T.C.R. Paris      REPORT OF THE...ht…,"Free translation - for information only CELLECTIS A corporation (""SA"") with a share capital of 4 997 776.75 euros Headquarters: 8  rue de la Croix Jarry - 75013 Paris 428 859 052 T.C.R. Paris (the ""Company"") REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO THE COMBINED SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF 28 JUNE 2024 Dear shareholders  We submit for your approval resolutions that fall within the competence of both the ordinary and extraordinary general meeting. You are thus called to vote on the following agenda: Agenda under the competence of the ordinary general meeting management report of the Board of Directors including the report on corporate governance and presentation by the Board of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 reports of the auditors on the annual financial statements and the agreements referred to in Article L. 225-38 of the French Commercial Code 225-38 of the French Commercial Code  auditors' report on the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 management report of the Group and presentation by the Board of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  approval of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  approval of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023  allocation of the results for the financial year ended December 31  2023  allocation of losses carried forward to the ""share premium"" account  review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (financing agreement with Bpifrance)  review of the agreements considered in articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (subsidy and repayable advance agreement with Bpifrance)  renewal of the appointment of Mr. André Choulika as a member of the Board of Directors  renewal of the appointment of Mr. David Sourdive as a member of the Board of Directors  renewal of the appointment of J.M.H. Conseil as statutory auditor  appointment of KPMG as statutory auditor  111. authorization to the Board of Directors to buy back shares of the Company  Agenda under the competence of the extraordinary general meeting authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to reduce the share capital by cancelling shares under the authorization for to buy back its own shares  up-date of Article 24 of the articles of association ""Loss of one half of share capital"" in order to comply with legal provisions  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of the European Investment Bank or of other entities that may succeed EIB  according to any finance agreement entered or be entered  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (investors with experience in the health or biotech sector)  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares or any securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (credit institutions  investment services providers or members of an investment pool guaranteeing the completion of the considered issue)  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital immediately or in the future by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (industrial companies  institutions or entities active in the health or biotechnology sector)  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics the framework of an equity or bond financing agreement  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of ordinary shares to be issued immediately or in the future by the Company  with cancellation of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights  to the benefit of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics within the framework of an equity financing program on the American market known as ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM""  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to immediately or in the future increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities giving access to the share capital  with the shareholders' preferential subscription rights maintained  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital immediately or in the future through the issue of ordinary shares or any securities  with cancellation of the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights by way of a public offering (other than the offers referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code)  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital immediately or in the future through the issue of ordinary shares or any securities  with cancellation of' pre-emptive subscription rights by way of an offering referred to in paragraph 1° of Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  2delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the amount of each of the issues with or without pre-emptive subscription rights which will be decided pursuant to the above delegations  determination of the total amount of the capital increases that may be carried out under the aforementioned delegations (excluding the share capital increase with upholding of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights and the share capital increase in favor of the European Investment Bank or of other entities that may succeed EIB  according to any finance agreement)  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by incorporation of premiums  reserves  profits or other  authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to grant options to subscribe for or purchase ordinary shares in the Company  entailing a waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights  authorization to be granted to the Board of Directors to proceed with free allocations of ordinary shares of the Company  to the benefit of employees and/or corporate officers of the Company and its subsidiaries  entailing the waiver by the shareholders of their preferential subscription rights  determination of the total amount of the capital increases that may be carried out by virtue of the aforementioned authorization to grant options to subscribe for or purchase shares and the aforementioned authorization to grant free shares  delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors for the purpose of carrying out a capital increase whose subscription will be reserved for members of a company savings plan established pursuant to Articles L. 3332-1 et seq. of the Labor Code. M ANAGEMENT REPORT ON THE ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY AND THE G ROUP DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDING 31 D ECEMBER 2023 - A PPROPRIATION OF RESULTS - ALLOCATION OF LOSSES CARRIED FORWARD TO THE "" SHARE PREMIUM "" ACCOUNT - R ELATED - PARTY AGREEMENTS (1 st to 6 th resolutions) We invite you to refer to the management report and the report on the management of the group of the Board of Directors and to the reports of the auditors which have been made available to you in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. You will also note that the statutory auditors' special report refers to related-party agreementS entered into during the past fiscal year  which we submit for your approval. With regard to the progress of corporate affairs since the beginning of the current financial year  we invite you to refer to the management report of the Board of Directors. Taking into account the allocation of the losses of the past fiscal year to the ""retained earnings"" account  the ""retained earnings"" account will be in debit in the amount of 104 392 234 euros at December 31  2023. We also remind you that the « share premium » account amounts to 228 505 568 euros as of December 31  2023. We propose to charge all the losses recorded in the ""retained earnings"" account to the ""share premium"" account  which would thus be reduced to 124 113 334 euros. The ""retained earnings"" account would be completely cleared. This allocation will enable the Company to improve the presentation of its balance sheet and will facilitate the obtaining of loans from credit institutions or grants from organizations subject to European regulations. Indeed  given the debit amount of the ""retained earnings"" account and although the shareholders' equity is higher than half of the share capital  according to the criteria retained by these institutions  the Company has no capacity to obtain financing. 3This proposal will therefore enable the Company to have an acceptable balance sheet according to the criteria retained by the entities subject to European law and to obtain financings. Regarding agreements mentioned in Articles L. 225-38 and seq. of the French Commercial Code In accordance with Article L. 255-38 of the French Commercial Code  the Company's general meeting is asked to vote on related-party agreements signed by the Company during the year. We entered into a transfer of receivables agreement with Bpifrance  to provide to Cellectis financing of 80% of the tax receivables due to Cellectis in connection with the research tax credit (Crédit Impôts Recherche). Pursuant to this agreement and according to market standards  Bpifrance advances 5 284 000 euros over the period from June 15  2023 to June 15  2024  with a fee to be charged to Cellectis of 0.40%. We also entered into a subsidy and repayable advance agreement with Bpifrance to support a research and development program related to UCART22x20 for up to 6 400 000 euros  subject to standard conditions. C OMPOSITION OF THE B OARD OF D IRECTORS The Company's Board of Directors has currently eleven members (seven of whom are independent according to the SEC and Nasdaq Rules)  Mr. Jean-Pierre Garnier  Mr. André Choulika  Chief Executive Officer  Mr.Laurent Arthaud  Mr.Pierre Bastid  Mr.Donald Bergstrom  Mr.Rainer Boehm  Mrs. Cécile Chartier  Mr. Axel-Sven Malkomes  Mr. David Sourdive  Deputy Chief Executive Officer  EVP CMC and Manufacturing  Mr. Marc Dunoyer and Mr. Tyrell Rivers. Board members Mr. Jean-Pierre Garnier Chairman of the Board of Directors (2020) Mr. André Choulika Director  CEO  Co-Founder(1999) Mr. David Sourdive Director (2000)  Co-founder Executive Vice President  CMC and Manufacturing Mr. Laurent Arthaud Director (2011) Mr. Pierre Bastid Director (2011) Mr. Donald A. Bergstrom Director (2022) Mr. Rainer Boehm Director (2017) Mrs. Cécile Chartier Mr. Axel-Sven Malkomes Director (2022) Independence Tax Term of residence offices SEC / Middlenext Nasdaq X X United States 2026 France 2024 France 2024 X France 2026 X Belgium 2026 X X United States 2025 X X Switzerland 2026 X X United States 2026 X X Germany 2025 External mandates Carrier Global Corp. (director) Institut Pasteur (director) MEDLIS (director)  Exeliom SAS (director)  Cell-Easy SAS (director)  hema.to GmbH (director)  Agemia SAS (director) Sparing Vision SAS (director)  Kurma Life Sciences (director)  Aledia (director)  Ribogenics  Inc. (director)  Enyo Pharma (director)  ArgoBio (director) Carmat (director)  Pharnext (director) Fusion Pharmaceuticals (director) BioCopy AG (director)  Berlin Cures AG (director)  Omega Therapeutics (director) 4Mr. Marc Dunoyer United States 2027 JCR Pharmaceuticals (director) Mr. Tyrell Rivers United States 2027 [ADC Therapeutics (director) The members of the Board of Directors have been selected with regard for the unique combination of their expertise  experience and other skills  which enables each one to make a valuable contribution to the Board of Directors. Thanks to their panel of skills  the members of the Board of Directors benefit from quality expertise and good practices in finance and administration  governance and compensation. The preparation and follow-up work done by each director between meetings enables the Board of Directors to hold effective meetings and take informed and cautious decisions. Each director brings vital skills to the work of the Board of Directors that are essential to rise to the specific challenges facing the Company. RENEWAL OF THE APPOINTMENT OF OUTGOING DIRECTORS(7th and 8th resolutions) We therefore propose to renew the appointment as director of Mr. André Choulika  our Chief Executive Officer  and Mr. David Sourdive  our Deputy Chief Executive Officer  EVP CMC and Manufacturing  for a term of three (3) years expiring at the end of the ordinary annual general meeting of shareholders convened to vote on the financial statements for the financial year ending December 31  2026. S TATUTORY AUDITORS ( 9 th and 10 th resolutions) We inform you that the terms of office of J.M.H. Conseils and Ernst & Young et Autres as statutory auditors expire at the end of this Shareholders Meeting. We propose to renew the term of office of J.M.H. Conseils as statutory auditor for a six fiscal-year period  expiring at the end of the ordinary Shareholders Meeting convened to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year ended on December 31  2029. We propose to not renew the term of office of Ernst & Young et Autres. The selection procedure of the auditors to be appointed during this Shareholders Meeting was overseen by the audit and finance committee  following which a recommendation to the Board of Directors was issued. The Board of Directors  at its meeting of January 25  2024 approved the audit and finance recommendation and decided to propose the appointment of KPMG SA as independent registered public accounting firm by our shareholders. We thus propose to appoint KPMG SA as statutory auditor for a six fiscal-year period  expiring at the end of the ordinary Shareholders Meeting convened to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year ended on December 31  2029. IV. AUTHORIZATION TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO BUY BACK SHARES OF THE COMPANY(11th and 12th resolutions) We propose that you renew the authorization granted to the Board of Directors for a period of eighteen (18) months by the General Meeting of June 27  2023 to implement a share buyback program. In the past  this share buyback program was used exclusively within the framework of a liquidity contract  meeting the objective of promoting the liquidity of the Company's shares by an investment services provider. The request we are submitting to you is to allow the implementation of such a liquidity contract  up to a limit of 10% of the share capital. 5This year  the amount of funds for the share buy-back program would be a maximum of 10 000 000 euros. The maximum purchase price per share (excluding fees and commissions) would be set at 10 euros. We also submit for your approval the authorization to cancel  if necessary  the Company's shares held by the Company in the context of the implementation of its share buyback program and to reduce the share capital accordingly. U P - DATE OF A RTICLE 24 OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION ""L OSS OF ONE HALF OF SHARE CAPITAL "" IN ORDER TO COMPLY WITH LEGAL PROVISIONS ( 13 th resolution ) We propose to amend Article 24 of the Articles of Association ""Loss of one half of share capital"" in order to comply with the legal provisions concerning the procedures for restoring shareholders' equity in the event of a loss of one half of share capital. Article 24 as amended is provided in the 13th resolution submitted to your approval. VI. FINANCIAL DELEGATIONS TO BE GRANTED TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS(14th to 25th resolutions) We propose to renew in advance the financial delegations granted to the Board of Directors by the General Meeting of June 27  2023 which have been expired  in order to avoid the subsequent convening of a new meeting for this sole purpose. We also propose granting another delegation of financial authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any securities  with cancellation of preferential subscription rights  in favor of the European Investment Bank (EIB) or of any other entities that may succeed the EIB  within the framework of any finance agreement. In this way your Board of Directors will have the widest possible range of delegations to respond to market opportunities which may arise without having to convene the shareholders. We need external funding to carry out our activities and maintain our operations. Based on the current operating plan  Cellectis anticipates that the cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash of $156 million as of December 31  20231  in addition to the additional investment by AstraZeneca of $140 million completed on May 3  2024  will be sufficient to fund its operations into 2026. We believe it is appropriate to seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or in light of specific strategic considerations  striving to make these financial decisions with the utmost care and based on a rational process. Our capital-raising request is essential to create value for our shareholders. The funding would allow us to: accelerate the progress of clinical trials for our UCART product candidates  UCART22  UCART123  and UCART20x22 and expand to new sites (mainly in the US and Europe  including France);ensure our competitive advantage by continuing investment in manufacturing capabilities in Raleigh  North Carolina and Paris  France (raw materials  starting materials  investigational medicinal products  and preparation for planned marketing approval and commercialization);support the ongoing operating resources and infrastructure to advance the Company to the next stages of product development and commercialization;expand Cellectis' gene editing technologies. 1 Cash position includes cash  cash equivalents  restricted cash and fixed-term deposits classified as current financial assets. Restricted cash was $5 million as of December 31  2023. Fixed-term deposits classified as current-financial assets was §15 million as of December 31  2023. 6These new delegations would terminate the delegations with the same purpose granted by the general meeting of June 27  2023. You will read the reports drawn up by the auditors on these delegations and authorizations. In this respect  we would like to point out that  except for the 14th resolution: the overall maximum nominal amount of capital increases which may be carried out  immediately or in the future  by virtue of the delegations thus granted would be set at 1 499 333 euros (i.e. 30% of the share capital on the date of this report)   to which amount would be added  where applicable  the nominal value of any additional shares or securities to be issued  to preserve  in accordance with the law  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital and other rights giving access to the share capital  andthe maximum aggregate nominal amount of debt securities that may be issued pursuant to the delegations thus granted shall be set at 300 000 000 euros  it being specified that this ceiling shall not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228-40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the Commercial Code  the issue of which would be decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for by Article L. 228-40 of the Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions that the Company would determine in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36-A of the Commercial Code  it being specified : that these ceilings would not apply to the delegations of authority that it is proposed that you grant to your Board of Directors with a view to increasing the share capital with cancellation of preferential subscription rights  in favor of the European Investment Bank (14 th resolution)  with maintenance of the shareholders' preferential subscription rights (20 th resolution) (for which the ceiling is set at 50% of the share capital at the date of this report)  and by incorporation of premiums  reserves  profits or others (25 th resolution) and that in any event: the total nominal amount of the capital increases that are carried out pursuant to the fifteenth  sixteenth  eighteenth  nineteenth  twenty-first  and/or twenty-second resolutions  with a discount to the relevant VWAP reference  may not exceed 999 555.35 euros (representing 20% of the Company's share capital as at the date of this report)  the maximum aggregate nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out pursuant to the delegations of authority granted under the 15 th to 23 rd resolutions above shall not exceed 1 499 333 euros (representing 30% of the Company's share capital as at the date of this report)  it being specified that the additional amount of shares to be issued to preserve  in accordance with the legal or regulatory provisions and  where applicable  the applicable contractual stipulations  the rights of the holders of securities and other rights giving access to shares shall be added to this ceiling  and the maximum aggregate nominal amount of debt securities which may be issued pursuant to the delegations granted under the aforementioned resolutions is set at 300 000 000 euros (or the equivalent value at the date of issue of this amount in foreign currency or in a unit of account established by reference to several currencies)  it being specified that this ceiling does not apply to the debt securities referred to in Articles L. 228- 40  L. 228-36-A and L. 228-92 paragraph 3 of the Commercial Code  the issue of will be decided or authorized by the Board of Directors under the conditions provided for in Article L. 228-40 of the Commercial Code  or in other cases  under the conditions that the Company determines in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 228-36- A of the Commercial Code. All of these delegations would be granted for a period of eighteen (18) months  with the exception of the delegations referred to in the 20th to 23th and 25th resolutions which would be granted for a period of twenty six (26) months. 7The Board of Directors shall have full powers  with the right to delegate and subdelegate  to implement the delegations thus granted and to carry out on one or more occasions in the proportions and at the times it shall determine  the issues referred to therein - as well as  where applicable  to postpone them to enter into all agreements to successfully complete the planned issues  to record the completion thereof and to amend the Bylaws accordingly. Should the Board of Directors use the delegation of authority thus granted to it  it will report thereon to the next ordinary general meeting in accordance with the law and regulations. We therefore propose that you examine each of the delegations and authorizations which you are requested to grant to your Board of Directors. Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of the European Investment Bank (14 th resolution) As previously disclosed  the Company entered into finance and warrant agreements with the European Investment Bank allowing a credit facility for up to € 40 million  divided in three tranches (€20M for the first tranche (""Tranche A"")  €15M for the second tranche (""Tranche B"") and €5M for the third tranche (""Tranche C"")). The Company plans to use the proceeds of this facility toward the development of its UCART pipeline. Under these agreements  the Company agreed to issue warrants to EIB as a condition to the funding of each of the three tranches of the finance agreement. On April 2023  the Company announced the drawdown of the Tranche A  and issued 2 799 188 warrants to the benefit of the EIB  representing 5.0% of the Company's outstanding share capital  at an exercise price equal to €1.92. On January 2024  the Company announced the drawdown of the Tranche B  and issued 1 460 053 warrants to the benefit of the EIB at an exercise price equal to €2.53. In order for the Company to drawdown Tranche C  if and when the other conditions precedent are met  the number of warrants to be issued to the benefit of the EIB will be determined as follow: if the sum of cash injections through the issuance of new ordinary shares or other securities subordinated to the Finance Contract and upfront and milestone payments in connection with existing or new partnerships between October 31  2022 and the Tranche C disbursement exceeds €70 000 000  an aggregate number of warrants equal to 5 000 000 divided by product of the 5-Day AP multiplied by 4.75; otherwise  an aggregate number of warrants equal to 5 000 000 divided by the product of the 5-Day AP multiplied by 4.25. We request that you delegate to the Board of Directors the authority to decide to issue ordinary shares of the Company as well as any securities  with cancellation of the preferential subscription right  to the benefit of the European Investment Bank. The overall nominal amount of the capital increases which may be carried out by virtue of this resolution is set at 155 000 euros or its equivalent in foreign currency  to which shall be added  if applicable  the nominal value of additional shares or securities to be issued  if any  in order to preserve  in accordance with the law and as the case may be to the applicable contractual provisions  the rights of holders of securities and other rights giving access to the capital. The issue price of the new shares which may be issued pursuant to this delegation shall be at least equal to the average price of a share on the Euronext Growth market (or in the event of failure to list on this market  on any other market on which the Company's shares are then listed)  weighted by volumes  during the last three trading sessions prior to the setting of the issue price (the ""3-dayVWAP"") possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 15%  taking into account  if applicable  the date of dividend entitlement  it being specified that (i) in the event of the issue of securities giving access to the share capital  the issue price of the ordinary shares which may be issued as a result of their exercise  conversion or exchange of such securities may be set  at the Board's discretion  by reference to a 8calculation formula defined by the Board and applicable after the issue of such securities (e.g. upon their exercise  conversion or exchange)  in which case the aforementioned maximum discount may be assessed  if the Board deems it appropriate  on the date of application of the said formula (and not on the date of setting the issue price) and (ii) the issue price of the securities giving access to the share capital  if any  issued pursuant to this resolution shall be such that the amount  if any  received immediately by the Company  plus the amount which may be received by the Company upon exercise or conversion of such securities  shall be  for each share issued as a result of the issue of such securities  at least equal to the minimum amount referred to above. The proposed maximum discount gives the Company greater flexibility in setting the price  depending on market opportunities. Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital by issuing ordinary shares or and/or  any other securities  with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (investors with experience in the health or biotech sector) (15 th resolution) This delegation is identical in all respects to the delegation referred to in point (a) above  except for: the category of beneficiaries: natural or legal persons (including any companies)  trusts  and investment funds  or other investment vehicles of whatever form (including  without limitation  any investment fund or venture capital company  in particular any FPCI  FCPI or FIP)  governed by French or foreign laws  whether or not they are shareholders of the Company  who habitually invest or have invested (including  where applicable  in the form of loans or debt securities  whether convertible or not) at least 5 million euros over the last 36 months in the health or biotechnology sector.the overall nominal amount of the capital increases which may be carried out by virtue of this resolution is set at 1 499 333 euros (representing 30% of the Company's share capital as at the date of this report) or its equivalent in foreign currency.the total nominal amount of the capital increases that may be carried out  immediately or in the future by virtue of this resolution  at a 3-day VWAP  may not exceed 999 555.35 euros (representing 20% of the Company's share capital as at the date of preparation of this report). Delegation of authority to be granted to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by issuing ordinary shares and/or any other securities with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting specified characteristics (credit institution  investment services provider or member of an investment pool guaranteeing the realization of the issue in question)  including  as the case may be  within the framework of an equity financing program know as ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM"" (16 th resolution) This delegation is identical in all respects to the delegation referred to in point (b) above  except for the category of beneficiaries: any credit institution  any investment services provider or member of an investment pool  whether French or foreign  undertaking to guarantee the completion of the capital increase or any issue which may lead to a capital increase in the future that may be carried out by virtue of this delegation. 9",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['Cellectis S A', ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Report', 'board', 'directors', 'June', '8, rue de la Croix Jarry', 'J.M.H. Conseil', 'ordinary general meeting management report', '052 T.C.R. Paris', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", 'extraordinary general meeting authorization', ""COMBINED SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'French Commercial Code', 'Mr. André Choulika', 'Mr. David Sourdive', 'European Investment Bank', 'investment services providers', 'repayable advance agreement', 'annual financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'bond financing agreement', 'share premium"" account', 'equity financing program', 'Dear shareholders', 'investment pool', 'finance agreement', 'financial year', 'Free translation', 'share capital', 'corporate governance', 'statutory auditor', 'one half', 'legal provisions', 'biotech sector', 'industrial companies', 'biotechnology sector', 'ordinary shares', ""auditors' report"", 'Article L.', 'other entities', 'credit institutions', 'other securities', 'American market', 'approval resolutions', 'following agenda', '75013 Paris', 'information', 'CELLECTIS', 'corporation', 'SA', '4,997,776.75 euros', 'Headquarters', 'Company', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', '28 JUNE', 'competence', 'presentation', 'reports', 'agreements', 'Group', 'December', 'allocation', 'results', 'losses', 'review', 'articles', 'Bpifrance', 'subsidy', 'renewal', 'appointment', 'member', 'KPMG', 'association', 'order', 'delegation', 'authority', 'future', 'cancellation', 'favor', 'EIB', 'category', 'persons', 'characteristics', 'investors', 'experience', 'health', 'completion', 'issue', 'framework', 'issuance', 'benefit', 'ATM', 'access']",2024-05-24,2024-05-25,marketscreener.com
