UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
25834,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/swift-chainlink-test-blockchain-token-083521432.html,Swift  Chainlink to test blockchain token transfers with at least 12 major banks,The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) and blockchain data provider Chainlink will work with more than 12 major banks across...,The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) and blockchain data provider Chainlink will work with more than 12 major banks across the world to test the use of existing Swift infrastructure to transfer tokenized assets across public and private blockchain networks  Swift said on Tuesday.See related article: SWIFT  Chainlink announce cross-chain interoperability partnershipBanks working with Swift and Chainlink include Citi  BNY Mellon  Lloyds Banking Group  the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation  BNP Paribas  Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited  Clearstream  Euroclear  and SIX Digital Exchange.The trial will also look at how the industry could address potential operational and regulatory hurdles that banks face in the blockchain environment.There are over 11 000 banks and financial institutions connected to the SWIFT network.Cayman island-based Chainlink  a network that connects Ethereum smart contracts to external data sources  will provide connectivity across public and private blockchains in this experiment.Last year  Swift announced a partnership with the blockchain infrastructure firm to explore blockchain interoperability through Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP).Having just a single interface for access to blockchains for banks to transact on will make transactions more secure  according to Sergey Nazarov  the co-founder of Chainlink.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['blockchain token transfers', '12 major banks', 'Swift', 'Chainlink', 'New Zealand Banking Group Limited', 'Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'cross-chain interoperability partnership Banks', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'SIX Digital Exchange', 'Ethereum smart contracts', 'external data sources', 'blockchain data provider', 'blockchain infrastructure firm', 'private blockchain networks', 'existing Swift infrastructure', 'Cayman island-based Chainlink', 'blockchain interoperability', 'financial institutions', 'blockchain environment', 'The Society', 'related article', 'BNY Mellon', 'Depository Trust', 'Clearing Corporation', 'BNP Paribas', 'potential operational', 'regulatory hurdles', 'private blockchains', 'single interface', 'Sergey Nazarov', '12 major banks', 'SWIFT network', '11,000 banks', 'use', 'tokenized', 'assets', 'public', 'Tuesday', 'Citi', 'Australia', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'trial', 'industry', 'connectivity', 'experiment', 'CCIP', 'access', 'transactions', 'founder']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,finance.yahoo.com
25835,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2684060/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-May-31-2023.html,BUREAU VERITAS - Number of shares and voting rights as of May 31  2023,PRESS RELEASE  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – June 7  2023  Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulated by article 223-16 of the...,English FrenchPRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – June 7  2023Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulatedby article 223-16 of the general regulations of theFrench financial markets authority AMFDate Number of shares(1) Number of voting rights 31/05/2023 452 584 910 Theoretical number of voting rights: 622 194 077Number of exercisable voting rights: 621 968 448(1) including the new shares issued in Euroclear as a result of the exercise of stock options since January 1  2023.Bureau Veritas Head Office Tel: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 00 Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 01 (Limited liability corporation) 40/52 boulevard du Parc www.bureauveritas.com Share capital of EUR 54 293 334.48 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine RCS Nanterre 775 690 621 FranceAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS', 'voting rights', 'Number', 'shares', 'May', 'Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax', 'Bureau Veritas Head Office', '40/52 boulevard du Parc', 'French financial markets authority', 'Limited liability corporation', 'Seine RCS Nanterre', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'general regulations', 'stock options', 'Share capital', 'France Attachment', 'Date Number', 'Theoretical number', 'new shares', 'June', 'Information', 'article', 'AMF', 'Euroclear', 'result', 'exercise', 'January', 'bureauveritas', '33', '1']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25836,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AAC-CLYDE-SPACE-AB-PUBL-39436628/news/AAC-Clyde-Space-Notice-to-attend-the-extraordinary-general-meeting-44055428/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,AAC Clyde Space : Notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting,(marketscreener.com)   Notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in AAC Clyde Space AB   The shareholders in AAC Clyde Space AB  reg. no. 556677-0599   are hereby given notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting at 13:00 CEST on Monday 2…,"Notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting in AAC Clyde Space AB The shareholders in AAC Clyde Space AB  reg. no. 556677-0599 (the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting at 13:00 CEST on Monday 26 June 2023 at Elite Hotel Academia's premises at Suttungs gränd 6 in Uppsala  Sweden. Notice Shareholders wishing to participate at the meeting must: be entered in the shareholders' register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation)  on the record day which is Thursday 15 June 2023; and notify the Company of their attendance and any assistant no later than Monday 19 June 2023. Notification can be made via letter to AAC Clyde Space AB  Attn: Ann-Christin Lejman  Uppsala Science Park  751 83 Uppsala  Sweden or by e-mail to ann-christin.lejman@aac- clydespace.com. Notification shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and daytime telephone number and  where appropriate  information about representative  proxy and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two. In order to facilitate entry to the meeting  notification should  where appropriate  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority. Personal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices and attendance at the meeting and information on representatives  proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  where appropriate  the minutes of the meeting. Nominee registered shares Shareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must request temporary entry in the transcription of the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to be entitled to participate and vote for their shares at the meeting. The shareholder must inform the nominee well in advance of Thursday 15 June 2023 at which time the register entry must have been made. Voting rights registration that has been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Monday 19 June 2023  will  however  be taken into account in the preparation of the share register. Proxy A shareholder represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity the power of attorney shall be accompanied by registration certificate or  if not applicable  equivalent documents of authority. Power of attorney forms for those shareholders wishing to participate by proxy are available on the Company's website www.aac- clyde.space. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.Proposed agenda Election of chairman of the meeting; Preparation and approval of the voting list; Approval of the agenda; Election of one (1) or two (2) persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting; Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened; Resolution regarding approval of the board of directors' resolution on issuance of shares with preferential rights for the shareholders; and Closing of the meeting. Proposed resolutions Item 1. Election of chairman of the meeting The board of directors proposes that Rolf Hallencreutz is elected chairman of the meeting. Item 6. Resolution regarding approval of the board of directors' resolution on issuance of shares with preferential rights for the shareholders The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' resolution on issuance of shares with preferential rights for the shareholders as set forth below. Number of shares and share capital increase The issue comprise no more than 122 886 606 new shares in the Company. The Company's share capital may be increased by no more than SEK 4 915 464.24  which at full subscription raises a total of SEK 73 731 963.60. Right to subscribe for shares Those who on the record date  29 June 2023  are registered as holders of shares in the CSD register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB are entitled to subscribe for shares with preferential rights. Last day of trading in the Company's shares for receipt of subscription rights is 27 June 2023. Each share entitles to one (1) subscription right and five (5) subscription rights entitles to subscription of three (3) shares. Subscription may also take place without subscription rights. In the event that all shares are not subscribed for with subscription rights  the board of directors will  within the limit of the maximum amount of the Rights Issue  resolve on allotment of new shares subscribed for without subscription rights as follows: Firstly  allotment shall be made to those who have subscribed for shares by virtue of subscription rights  irrespective of whether the subscriber was a shareholder on the record date or not  pro rata in relation to the number of subscription rights exercised for subscription and  to the extent that this cannot be done  by drawing lots;Secondly  allotment shall be made to others who have applied for subscription without subscription rights. In the event these cannot receive full allotment  allotment shall be made pro rata in relation to the number of shares for which each person has applied for subscription and  to the extent this cannot be done  by drawing lots; andlastly  to those who have entered into guarantee commitments with the Company. Allotment shall be pro rata in relation to their respective guarantee or underwriting amounts. In case a subscription right is sold  the preferential rights shall be transferred to the new holder. Subscription price for shares The subscription price for one share shall amount to SEK 0.60. Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account. Subscription and payment for shares Subscription of shares  with or without exercise of subscription rights  is to take place during the period from 3 July 2023 until and including 17 July 2023. Subscription through exercise of subscription rights shall be made by simultaneous cash payment to an account designated by the Company during the period from 3 July 2023 until and including 17 July 2023. Subscription of shares without subscription rights shall be made on a special application list. Payment for shares subscribed for without exercise of subscription rights is to be made in accordance with instructions on the sent-out settlement note. The board of directors shall have the right to prolong the period for subscription and payment. Right to dividends for new shares The new shares shall entitle to dividends as from the first time on the record date for dividend occurring after the shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. Miscellaneous Trading in subscription rights will take place during the period from 3 July 2023 until 12 July 2023. Trading in BTA (Paid Subscribed Shares) will take place during the period from 3 July 2023 until the shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  which is expected to take place during week 30. The chairman of the board of directors  the managing director  or anyone appointed by the board of directors shall have the right to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution. The resolution is valid only subject to subsequent approval of the general meeting by support of shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast. Number of shares and votes in the Company The total number of shares and votes in the Company at the time of issuance of this notice is 204 811 010. The Company does not hold any of its own shares. Shareholders' right to request information Pursuant to Chapter 7 section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) the board of directors and the managing director are under a duty to  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be made without material damage to the Company  provide information  regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['AAC Clyde Space', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'AAC Clyde Space AB', 'Elite Hotel Academia', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'Uppsala Science Park', 'personal identification number', 'share capital increase', 'five (5) subscription rights', 'corporate registration number', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'one (1) subscription right', 'Voting rights registration', 'Personal data', 'voting list', 'preferential rights', 'Clearing Organisation', 'record day', 'registration certificates', 'other documents', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'original version', 'two (2) persons', 'Rolf Hallencreutz', 'record date', 'CSD register', 'Last day', 'maximum amount', 'full subscription', 'temporary entry', 'register entry', 'Rights Issue', 'Monday 26 June', 'Monday 19 June', 'Ann-Christin Lejman', 'full name', 'attorney forms', '122,886,606 new shares', 'three (3) shares', 'The Company', ""shareholders' register"", ""directors' resolution"", 'Thursday 15 June', 'agenda Election', '751 83 Uppsala', '29 June', '27 June', 'Notice', 'premises', 'Suttungs', 'attendance', 'assistant', 'Notification', 'letter', 'Attn', 'mail', 'address', 'information', 'representative', 'proxy', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'proxies', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'Nominee', 'transcription', 'advance', 'account', 'website', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Determination', 'board', 'issuance', 'Closing', 'resolutions', 'Item', 'SEK', 'total', 'receipt', 'place', 'event', 'limit', 'allotment', 'virtue', 'subscriber', 'relation', 'extent', 'lots']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25837,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://forkast.news/headlines/swift-chainlink-to-test-blockchain-transfer/,Swift  Chainlink to test blockchain token transfers with at least 12 major banks,The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) and blockchain data provider Chainlink will work with more than 12 major banks across the world to test the use of existing Swift infrastructure to transfer tokenized assets across public…,The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) and blockchain data provider Chainlink will work with more than 12 major banks across the world to test the use of existing Swift infrastructure to transfer tokenized assets across public and private blockchain networks  Swift said on Tuesday.See related article: SWIFT  Chainlink announce cross-chain interoperability partnershipFast factsBanks working with Swift and Chainlink include Citi  BNY Mellon  Lloyds Banking Group  the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation  BNP Paribas  Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited  Clearstream  Euroclear  and SIX Digital Exchange.The trial will also look at how the industry could address potential operational and regulatory hurdles that banks face in the blockchain environment.There are over 11 000 banks and financial institutions connected to the SWIFT network.Cayman island-based Chainlink  a network that connects Ethereum smart contracts to external data sources  will provide connectivity across public and private blockchains in this experiment.Last year  Swift announced a partnership with the blockchain infrastructure firm to explore blockchain interoperability through Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP).Having just a single interface for access to blockchains for banks to transact on will make transactions more secure  according to Sergey Nazarov  the co-founder of Chainlink.“Connectivity between banks and blockchains created by CCIP can also enable the growth of [decentralized finance]  as banks will find it increasingly easy to interact with public blockchains and move value to and from them using their existing systems ” he added.See related article: CBDCs  tokens can integrate to existing payments systems  SWIFT claims,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['blockchain token transfers', '12 major banks', 'Swift', 'Chainlink', 'New Zealand Banking Group Limited', 'Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'SIX Digital Exchange', 'Ethereum smart contracts', 'external data sources', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'blockchain data provider', 'blockchain infrastructure firm', 'existing payments systems', 'private blockchain networks', 'cross-chain interoperability partnership', 'Fast facts Banks', 'Cayman island-based Chainlink', 'existing Swift infrastructure', 'blockchain interoperability', 'existing systems', 'financial institutions', 'blockchain environment', 'The Society', 'related article', 'BNY Mellon', 'Depository Trust', 'Clearing Corporation', 'BNP Paribas', 'potential operational', 'regulatory hurdles', 'private blockchains', 'single interface', 'Sergey Nazarov', 'decentralized finance', '12 major banks', 'SWIFT network', 'public blockchains', '11,000 banks', 'use', 'tokenized', 'assets', 'Tuesday', 'Citi', 'Australia', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'trial', 'industry', 'connectivity', 'experiment', 'CCIP', 'access', 'transactions', 'founder', 'growth', 'value', 'CBDCs', 'tokens']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,forkast.news
25838,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TC-BIOPHARM-HOLDINGS-PL-132953920/news/TC-Biopharm-THIS-DOCUMENT-IS-IMPORTANT-AND-REQUIRES-YOUR-IMMEDIATE-ATTENTION-Form-6-K-44064330/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,TC Biopharm : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)  THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt as to the action to be taken  please seek your own financial advice from your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriately autho…,"TC Biopharm : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION - Form 6-K 06/07/2023 | 04:14pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to the action to be taken  please seek your own financial advice from your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. If you have recently sold or transferred all of your shares in the Company  you should hand this document and all accompanying documents  as soon as possible  to the purchaser or transferee of those shares  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. 7 June 2023 Dear Shareholder  2023 Annual General Meeting of the shareholders of TC BioPharm (Holdings) plc (the ""AGM"" or ""Meeting"") We are pleased to provide details of the AGM of TC BioPharm (Holdings) plc (the ""Company"") to be held as a physical meeting at 15:00 UK (BST) time on Thursday 29 June 2023 at Maxim 1  2 Parklands Way  Holytown  Motherwell  ML1 4WR  United Kingdom. The formal notice of AGM set out in this document (the ""Notice of AGM"") at page 6 contains the shareholder resolutions to be proposed and voted on at the AGM. We are holding our AGM as a physical meeting of shareholders and are therefore unable to offer shareholders online voting facilities during the AGM. It is important that shareholders do still cast their votes in respect of the business of the AGM. We strongly encourage all shareholders to complete and return a proxy form appointing the Chair of the Meeting  as proxy. Further information on how to appoint a proxy is detailed on pages 7 and 8 of this Notice of AGM. In order to allow the voting preferences of all shareholders to be taken into account  a poll will be conducted on all resolutions proposed in this Notice of AGM. The results of the voting will be posted on the Company's website as soon as practicable after the Meeting. Action to be taken Ordinary Shareholders If you are a holder of ordinary shares in the Company  please vote on the resolutions by appointing a proxy in accordance with the instructions set out at pages 7 and 8 of this Notice of AGM. A form of proxy for use by ordinary shareholders at the AGM is enclosed. You are strongly encouraged to appoint the Chair of the AGM as your proxy. You are advised to complete and return the form of proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it so as to arrive at the Company's registered office (Maxim 1  2 Parklands Way  Holytown  Motherwell  ML1 4WR) marked for the attention of the Company Secretary as soon as possible  but in any event no later than 15:00 (UK time) (10:00 Eastern Time) on 27 June 2023. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or give an instruction through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST manual. ADS Holders If you are a holder of ADS in the Company  you will not be able to attend the ordinary shareholder's meeting as it is a meeting of ordinary shareholders  but you will be able to cast your vote on the resolutions in accordance with the Depositary Agreement with Bank New York Mellon who holds on your behalf  via its trustee  the ordinary shares which underlie your ASDs and which you are able to cast votes in respect of. Please vote on the resolutions in accordance with the instructions set out at page 4 of this Notice of AGM. A form of proxy for use by ADS holders will be sent to the brokerage firm  bank or nominee through which you hold your ADS by the Depositary and the Depositary will accumulate all votes and pass them onto the Company in a summary form for adding into the polled votes. Recommendation You will find on page 3 of this document an explanatory note in relation to each of the various resolutions which are set out in the Notice of AGM. Your Board consider that the proposed resolutions in the Notice of AGM are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and are most likely to promote the success of the Company. Accordingly  your Board unanimously recommend that shareholders vote in favour of the resolutions. Thank you for your ongoing support of TC BioPharm. Arlene Morris Chair 2 EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE BUSINESS OF THE AGM Resolutions 1 to 5 are proposed as ordinary resolutions. This means that for each of those resolutions to be passed  more than half of the votes cast must be in favour of each resolution. ORDINARY BUSINESS Ordinary Resolutions Resolution 1: Report and accounts To receive the Company's annual report and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. Resolution 2: Directors' remuneration report To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration Report for the year ended 31 December 2022  which is set out on pages 21 to 31 of the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. This vote on is only advisory in nature. Resolution 3: Directors' remuneration policy To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration Policy. The Directors' Remuneration Policy sets out our policy for remuneration directors and can be found at pages 23 to 26 of the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.1 Resolution 4: Appointment of auditor To appoint Ecovis Wingrave Yeats LLP as auditor of the Company (""Ecovis"")  to hold office from the conclusion of this meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company at which the Company's financial statements are laid before the Company.2 Resolution 5: Remuneration of auditor To authorise the Audit Committee to determine the remuneration of the Auditor.3 Notes to resolutions 1 Section 439A Companies Act 2006 requires quoted companies to present to their shareholders a Directors' Remuneration Policy for approval at the first Annual General Meeting following listing  and at least every three years thereafter (unless the Directors wish to change the policy within that three-year period) 2 The auditors of a company must be appointed or re-appointed at each general meeting at which the accounts are laid. The Audit Committee considers the appointment or re-appointment of the external auditor each year before making a recommendation to the Board. The Board recommends the appointment of the auditors. 3 The Audit Committee reviews the fee structure  resourcing and terms of engagement for the external auditor annually; in addition  it reviews the non-audit services that the auditor provides to the group on a quarterly basis. The Board is seeking authority for the Audit Committee to fix the auditor's remuneration  in accordance with the Statutory Audit Services Order 2014  issued by the UK Competition and Markets Authority. The Board of Directors recommend a vote for the approval of Resolutions 1 to 5. 3 NOTES FOR ADS HOLDERS You are entitled to exercise your vote as a holder of an interest in the capital of the Company represented by ADSs if you or your brokerage firm  bank or nominee is registered as a holder of ADSs at 17:00 Eastern Standard Time on 1 June 2023 (the ""Record Date"" for ADS holders). Beneficial Holders: If you hold ADSs through a brokerage firm  bank or nominee by the Record Date  the materials for ADS holders  including the ADS proxy card  will be sent to that organisation. The organisation holding your account is considered the ADS holder of record. Please reach out to that organisation to provide your voting instructions. Registered Holders: If your ADSs are registered under your name directly with The Bank of New York Mellon's Transfer Agent  Computershare  you will receive the ADS proxy card and materials directly to the address as maintained in your account with Computershare. Please note that ADS proxy cards submitted by ADS holders must be received by The Bank of New York Mellon  no later than 12:00pm Eastern Standard Time on 23 June 2023. The Bank of New York Mellon will collate all votes properly submitted by ADS holders and submit a vote on behalf of all ADS holders. 4 OTHER INFORMATION A copy of this Notice of AGM  our 2022 Annual Report and other information required by section 311 of the CA 2006 can be found at https://ir.tcbiopharm.com/agm (all available in the ""Investor Relations"" section of the website). Information rights Under the CA 2006 Act  there are a number of rights that may be available to indirect investors of the Company  including the right to be nominated by the registered holder to receive general shareholder communications directly from the Company. The rights of indirect investors who have been nominated to receive communications from the Company in accordance with section 146 CA 2006 (""nominated persons"") do not include the right to appoint a proxy. However  nominated persons may have a right under an agreement with the registered shareholder who holds the shares on their behalf to be appointed (or to have someone else appointed) as a proxy. Alternatively  if nominated persons do not have such a right or do not wish to exercise it  they may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the person holding the shares as to the exercise of voting rights. If you have been so nominated to receive general shareholder communications directly from the Company  it is important to remember that your main contact in terms of your investment remains with the registered shareholder or custodian or broker  or whoever administers the investment on your behalf. You should also deal with them in relation to any rights that you may have under agreements with them to be appointed as a proxy and to attend  participate in  and vote at the meeting  as described above. Any changes or queries relating to your personal details and holding (including any administration thereof) must continue to be directed to your existing contact at your investment manager or custodian. The Company cannot guarantee dealing with matters that are directed to us in error. The only exception to this is where the Company is exercising one of its powers under the CA 2006 and writes to you directly for a response. Shareholder requisition rights Members satisfying the thresholds in section 338 CA 2006 can require the Company: a. to give  to members of the Company entitled to receive notice of the annual general meeting  notice of a resolution which may properly be moved  and which those members intend to move  at the meeting; and b. to include in the business to be dealt with at the meeting any matter (other than a proposed resolution) which may properly be included in the business at the meeting  provided in each case that the requirements of those sections are met and provided that the request is received by the Company not later than six clear weeks before the meeting or if later the time at which notice is given of the meeting. Total voting rights and share capital As at 2 June 2023 (the latest practicable date before the publication of this Notice of AGM)  the issued share capital of the Company was 4 688 458 ordinary shares and 794 955 deferred shares. The holders of the deferred shares are not entitled to receive notice of  nor to attend  speak or vote at  any general meeting of the company. 5 TC BIOPHARM (HOLDINGS) PLC (the ""Company"") (Incorporated and registered in Scotland with registered number SC713098) Notice of Annual General Meeting for 2023 Notice is hereby given that the 2023 Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of the Company will be held at Maxim 1  2 Parklands Way  Holytown  Motherwell  ML1 4WR  United Kingdom on Thursday 29 June 2023 at 15:00 UK time (10:00 Eastern Time) to transact the following business: ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS To consider and  if thought fit  pass Resolutions 1 to 5 (inclusive) which will be proposed as ordinary resolutions: Resolution 1: Report and accounts To receive the Company's annual report and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. Resolution 2: Directors' remuneration report To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration Report for the year ended 31 December 2022. Resolution 3: Directors' remuneration policy To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration Policy. Resolution 4: Appointment of auditor To appoint Ecovis Wingrave Yeats LLP as auditor of the Company (""Ecovis"")  to hold office from the conclusion of this meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company at which the Company's financial statements are laid before the Company. Resolution 5: Remuneration of auditor To authorise the Audit Committee to determine the remuneration of the Auditor. By order of the Board Arlene Morris Chair 7 June 2023 Registered Office: Maxim 1  2 Parklands Way  Holytown  Motherwell  ML1 4WR  United Kingdom 6 Notice of Meeting - Further Notes 1. The Company  pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended)  specifies that only those members registered in the Company's Register of Members of the Company at 17:00 (UK time) on 2 June 2023 (or if the Meeting is adjourned  members entered on the Register of Members of the Company not later than 17:00 (UK time) on the date which is two working days before the date of the adjourned Meeting) shall be entitled to attend  speak and vote at the AGM in respect of the number of ordinary shares registered in their name at that time. Changes to entries on the Register of Members of the Company after this time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend  speak or vote at the Meeting. 2. A member entitled to attend  speak and vote at the Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of his/her rights to attend  speak and to vote instead of him/her. A proxy need not be a member of the Company but must attend the Meeting in person. If a member wishes his/her proxy to speak on his/her behalf at the Meeting he/she will need to appoint his/her own choice of proxy (not the Chair) and give his/her instructions directly to them. Completion and return of a form of proxy will not preclude a member from attending  speaking and voting at the Meeting or any adjournment thereof in person. If a proxy is appointed and the member attends the Meeting in person  the proxy appointment will automatically be terminated. 3. A member may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. A member may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. To appoint more than one proxy  please sign and date the form of proxy and attach a schedule listing the names and addresses (in block letters) of all of your proxies  the number of shares in respect of which each proxy is appointed (which  in aggregate  should not exceed the number of shares held by you) and indicating how you wish each proxy to vote or abstain from voting. If you wish to appoint the Chair as one of your multiple proxies  simply write ""the Chair of the Meeting"". 4. A form of proxy is enclosed and details of how to appoint and direct a proxy to vote on each resolution are set out in the notes to the form of proxy. To be valid the form of proxy must be completed and signed  and lodged with the Company at Maxim 1  2 Parklands Way  Holytown  Motherwell  ML1 4WR  marked for the attention of the Company Secretary  no later than 15:00 (UK time) on 27 June 2023 and in the event of adjournment not less than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time fixed for the Meeting together with  if appropriate  the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed or a notarially certified or office copy of such power or authority. In the case of a member which is a Company  the proxy form must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the Company or an attorney for the Company. You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set out in these notes and the notes to the form of proxy. 5. In the case of joint holders  the signature of only one of the joint holders is required on the form of proxy. In the event that more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  the appointment submitted by the first named holder on the Register of Members of the Company will be accepted to the exclusion of the other joint holder. 6. Any corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a member provided that  if it is appointing more than one corporate representative  it does not do so in relation to the same shares. It is therefore no longer necessary to nominate a designated corporate representative. 7. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the AGM and any adjournment(s) of the Meeting by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. 7 8. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's agent (ID: BO011) no later than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the Meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. 9. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) should note that Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his/her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. 10. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 11. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution  and if no voting indication is given  a proxy may vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion. A proxy may vote (or abstain from voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the Meeting. 12. In order to revoke a proxy instruction a member will need to send a signed hard copy notice clearly stating your intention to revoke a proxy appointment to the Company at Maxim 1  2 Parklands Way  Holytown  Motherwell  ML1 4WR  marked for the attention of the Company Secretary  together with  if appropriate  the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed or a notarially certified or office copy of such power or authority. In the case of a member  which is a company  the notice must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the company or an attorney for the company. 13. Except as provided above  members who have general queries about the AGM should write to the Company Secretary at the address of our registered office. You may not use any electronic address provided either in this notice of AGM or any related documents (including the annual report and accounts and proxy form) to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. 8 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer TC BioPharm Ltd. published this content on 07 June 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 07 June 2023 20:13:15 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TC BIOPHARM (HOLDINGS) PLC 11:12a Pharma Stocks Lead European Equities Higher in Thursday Trading MT 06/07 Tc Biopharm : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION - Form 6-K PU 06/05 European Equities Start Off Week Modestly Lower MT 06/02 European Equities Traded as American Depositary Receipts Move Higher in Friday US Tradi.. MT 05/26 European Equities Snap 4-Day Losing Streak With Friday Rally MT 05/25 European Equities Move Lower for Fourth Straight Session MT 05/23 Pharma Stocks Lead European Equities Modestly Lower in Tuesday Trading MT 05/18 Pharma Stocks Burden European Equities in Thursday Trading MT 05/16 Pharma Stocks  Vodafone Lead European Equities Lower in Tuesday Trading MT 05/12 European Equities Trading in the US as American Depositary Receipts Appear Set to Close.. MT Analyst Recommendations on TC BIOPHARM (HOLDINGS) PLC 04/27 HC Wainwright Adjusts Price Target on TC BioPharm to $7 From $9  Maintains Buy Rating MT 01/26 HC Wainwright Starts TC Biopharm (Holdings) at Buy With $9 Price Target MT 2022 EF Hutton Initiates TC Biopharm at Buy with $5 Price Target MT",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['TC Biopharm', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'DOCUMENT', 'Form', 'CREST electronic proxy appointment service', 'Bank New York Mellon', 'multiple email addresses', 'independent financial adviser', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'Maxim 1, 2 Parklands Way', 'online voting facilities', 'BUSINESS Ordinary Resolutions Resolution', 'Arlene Morris Chair', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'TC BioPharm (Holdings', 'CREST members', 'CREST manual', 'annual report', 'financial advice', 'ordinary shareholder', 'financial statements', 'Required fields', 'accompanying documents', 'other agent', 'Dear Shareholder', 'ML1 4WR', 'United Kingdom', 'Further information', 'voting preferences', 'registered office', 'brokerage firm', 'explanatory note', 'best interests', 'ongoing support', 'ordinary shares', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'shareholder resolutions', 'various resolutions', 'First name', 'physical meeting', 'ADS Holders', 'Thursday 29 June', 'Depositary Agreement', 'summary form', 'formal notice', 'Company Secretary', 'UK time', 'proxy form', 'AGM Resolutions', '15:00 UK', '7 June', 'shareholders', 'AGM.', 'commas', 'Message', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'details', 'Holytown', 'Motherwell', 'page', 'votes', 'respect', 'order', 'poll', 'results', 'website', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'use', 'event', 'procedures', 'behalf', 'trustee', 'ASDs', 'nominee', 'Recommendation', 'relation', 'Board', 'success', 'favour', 'accounts', 'year']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25839,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mendus-ab-notice-extraordinary-general-050500767.html,Mendus AB: Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Mendus AB (publ),The shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) on Monday  10 July 2023  at 09:30 a.m. at Tändstickspalatset ,"Mendus ABThe shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) on Monday  10 July 2023  at 09:30 a.m. at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commence at 09:00 a.m.NOTIFICATIONShareholders who wish to attend the meeting must:both be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date on Friday  30 June 2023; and not later than on Tuesday  4 July 2023 have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company; either in writing via letter to Mendus AB (publ)  “EGM”  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  SE-111 53 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to info@mendus.com .The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Personal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice and attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For complete information regarding how the personal data is handled  please refer to: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the meeting  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders’ register on the record date on Friday  30 June 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting registration). Shareholders wishing to register their shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting registration. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  4 July 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.PROXIESShareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of registration of the legal entity or  if such document does not exist  of a corresponding document of authority. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of registration shall be provided to the Company well in advance of the meeting. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.The Company provides a power of attorney form to the shareholders  which is available at the Company’s head office or at the Company’s website www.mendus.com .PROPOSED AGENDAElection of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of voting list. Presentation and approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association (share capital and number of shares). Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders. Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants. Closing of the meeting.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARDItem 1. Election of chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes that the lawyer Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 6. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association (share capital and number of shares)In the light of the board of directors' proposal for approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders and approval of directed issue of shares and warrants in accordance with items 7-8 below  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to amend § 4 and § 5 of the articles of association as set out below.Current wordingProposed wording § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall constitute a minimum of SEK 8 000 000 and a maximum of SEK 32 000 000. § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall constitute a minimum of SEK 19 000 000 and a maximum of SEK 76 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be minimum 160 000 000 and maximum 640 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be minimum 380 000 000 and maximum 1 520 000 000.The board of directors’ proposal for resolution presupposes and is conditional upon the EGM’s approval of directed issue of shares and warrants in accordance with item 8 below  and that this issue is completed and registered at the Swedish Companies Registration Office and that the number of shares and the share capital after such registration is within the above proposed limits for the number of shares and share capital. Furthermore  the board of directors’ proposal for resolution is conditional on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders in accordance with item 7 below.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 7. Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholdersThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors’ resolution of 8 June 2023 on issue of a maximum of 472 953 859 shares and 135 129 674 warrants of series TO3  which entitles the right to subscription of a total of 135 129 674 shares in the Company. Upon subscription of all issued shares  the Company’s share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 23 647 692.95. If all issued warrants are exercised  the share capital may increase by an additional maximum of SEK 6 756 483.70.The issues shall be considered as one resolution and be conducted through issuance of units to existing shareholders with preferential rights on the terms and conditions set out below (the ""Rights Issue"").Right to subscribe for unitsThose who are registered as shareholders in the Company by the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date are entitled to subscribe for units with preferential rights in the Rights Issue. The record date for determination of which shareholders who are entitled to subscribe for units with preferential rights is Tuesday  11 July 2023.For each existing share  one (1) unit right is obtained. Three (3) unit rights give the right to subscribe for one (1) unit consisting of seven (7) shares and two (2) warrants of series TO3.Subscription of units can also be made without unit rights.Subscription priceThe subscription price per unit is SEK 3.36 corresponding to a subscription price of SEK 0.48 per share. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. The warrants are issued without consideration.Upon full subscription the Company will be provided with an initial amount of approximately MSEK 227 (before issue expenses). Upon full exercise of all warrants of series TO3 within the frame of issued units  the Company will be provided with an additional amount of approximately MSEK 64.9 (before issue expenses).AllocationIn the event that not all units in the Rights Issue are subscribed for with unit rights  the board of directors shall  within the framework of the maximum amount of the Rights Issue  decide on the allocation of units subscribed for without unit rights. Such allocation shall be made in accordance with the following allocation principles:Firstly to those who have also subscribed for units with unit rights  regardless of whether they were shareholders on the record date or not  and to the extent full allocation cannot be made  pro rata to the number of units subscribed for with unit rights. Secondly to those who have subscribed for units without preferential rights  and to the extent full allocation cannot be made  pro rata to the number of units subscribed for. Thirdly to investors who have entered into guarantee undertakings  pro rata in relation to respective guarantee commitment. Insofar allocation cannot be done pro rata in any of the above stages  allocation will be done by lottery.Subscription and paymentSubscription of units with unit rights shall be made by simultaneous cash payment to an account designated by the Company during the period commencing on Thursday 13 July 2023 up to and including Thursday 27 July 2023. Subscription of units without unit rights shall be made during the same period on a specific form for notice of subscription. Payment for units that have been subscribed for without preferential rights shall be made to an account designated by the Company at latest three (3) banking days after distribution of the contract note which specifies notice of allocation. It is noted that the board of directors is entitled to admit payment for the shares through set-off against debts according to Chapter 13 Section 41 of the Swedish Companies Act. The board of directors is entitled to extend the subscription and payment period.Specific conditions for the warrants of series TO3One (1) warrant of series TO3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. The subscription price upon new subscription is SEK 0.48. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. Subscription of shares in the Company by exercising warrants of series TO3 shall take place from the period commencing on 15 March 2024 up to and including 29 March 2024. Complete terms and conditions are included in the board of directors’ complete proposal.Right to dividendsCompanies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB The new shares carry a right to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The new shares issued following exercise of warrants of series TO3 shall carry a right to dividend for the first time on the record date for dividend that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.OtherDocuments in accordance with Chapter 13 Section 6 and Chapter 14 Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act have been prepared and are kept available at the Company’s office.The board of directors’ proposal presupposes  and is conditional on  that the EGM resolves on amendment of the articles of association in accordance with item 6 above. The resolution further presupposes approval of issue of shares and warrants in accordance with item 8 below.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.Item 8. Resolution on approval of new issue of shares and warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors’ resolution of 8 June 2023 on issue of a maximum of 187 500 000 shares and 53 571 429 warrants of series TO3  which entitles the right to subscription of a total of 53 571 429 shares in the Company. Upon subscription of all issued shares  the Company’s share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 9 375 000. If all issued warrants are exercised  the share capital may increase by an additional maximum of SEK 2 678 571.45.The issues shall be considered as one resolution and is carried out with deviation from the shareholders preferential rights on the terms and conditions set out below (the ""Directed Issue"").Right to subscribe for new shares and warrantsThe right to subscribe for new shares and warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted to Flerie Invest AB. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the board of directors considers it to be beneficial for the Company’s continued development to take advantage of the opportunity to obtain capital for the Company on favorable terms and strengthen the ownership structure with a strategic and long-term shareholder. In the light of this  the board of directors has made the assessment that it is in the interest of the Company and the shareholders to carry out an issue with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights.Subscription priceThe subscription price per share is SEK 0.48. The subscription price has been determined in consultation with Pareto Securities AB with reference to Swedish and international market practice and prevailing market conditions with a customary discount. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. The warrants are issued without consideration.Upon full subscription the Company will be provided with an initial amount of approximately MSEK 90 (before issue expenses). Upon full exercise of all warrants of series TO3 the Company will be provided with an additional amount of approximately MSEK 25.7 (before issue expenses).Subscription and paymentSubscription of the newly issued shares and warrants of series TO3 shall be made on a separate subscription list at latest on 27 July 2023. Payment for subscribed shares shall be made in cash no later than 3 August 2023. The board of directors is entitled to extend the subscription and payment period.Specific terms and conditions for the warrants of series TO3One (1) warrant of series TO3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. The subscription price upon new subscription is SEK 0.48. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. Subscription of shares in the Company by exercising warrants of series TO3 shall take place from the period commencing on 15 March 2024 up to and including 29 March 2024. Complete terms and conditions are included in the board of directors’ complete proposal.Right to dividendsCompanies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB The new shares carry a right to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The new shares issued following exercise of warrants of series TO3 shall carry a right to dividend for the first time on the record date for dividend that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.OtherDocuments in accordance with Chapter 13 Section 6 and Chapter 14 Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act have been prepared and are kept available at the Company’s office.The board of directors’ proposal is conditional on that the EGM resolves on amendment of the articles of association in accordance with item 6 above and approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders in accordance with item 7 above.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of the issuing of this notice the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 202 694 512. Only one class of shares exists  and the Company has no holding of own shares.SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO DEMAND INFORMATIONPursuant to Chapter 7 Section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be done without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the general meeting regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda.DOCUMENTSThe board of directors’ complete proposals for resolutions and other documentation will be made available at the Company’s office at the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15 in Stockholm not later than three weeks prior to the meeting and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documentation will also be made available on the Company’s website  www.mendus.com . All the above documents will also be presented at the meeting.Please note that this is a translation for information purposes only. In the event of any discrepancies between the Swedish and English versions  the Swedish version shall prevail._____________________Stockholm  June 2023Mendus AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Erik MantingChief Executive OfficerE-mail: ir@mendus.comINVESTOR RELATIONSCorey DavisLifeSci Advisors  LLCTelephone: + 1 212-915-2577E-mail: cdavis@lifesciadvisors.comMEDIA RELATIONSMario BrkuljValency CommunicationsTelephone: +49 160 9352 9951E-mail: mbrkulj@valencycomms.euAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Mendus AB', 'Notice', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'Personal data', 'Mendus AB', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'European Parliament', 'legal entity', 'original version', 'head office', 'two persons', 'share capital', 'preferential rights', 'Mats Dahlberg', 'Advokatfirman Delphi', 'respective nominee', 'complete information', 'corresponding document', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'Current wording', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting registration', 'shareholders’ register', 'existing shareholders', ""directors' proposal"", 'possible advisors', 'full name', 'attorney form', 'The Company', 'EGM', 'Monday', 'July', '30 a', 'Stockholm', '09:00 a', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Friday', 'June', 'Tuesday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'letter', 'publ', 'mail', 'address', 'deputies', 'proxies', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'notice', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'proxy', 'copy', 'advance', 'website', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'issue', 'warrants', 'units', 'Closing', 'BOARD', 'Item', 'lawyer', 'light', 'minimum', 'SEK', 'maximum']",2023-06-08,2023-06-08,finance.yahoo.com
25840,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/swift-chainlink-test-blockchain-token-083521432.html,Swift  Chainlink to test blockchain token transfers with at least 12 major banks,The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) and blockchain data provider Chainlink will work with more than 12 major banks across...,The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) and blockchain data provider Chainlink will work with more than 12 major banks across the world to test the use of existing Swift infrastructure to transfer tokenized assets across public and private blockchain networks  Swift said on Tuesday.See related article: SWIFT  Chainlink announce cross-chain interoperability partnershipBanks working with Swift and Chainlink include Citi  BNY Mellon  Lloyds Banking Group  the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation  BNP Paribas  Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited  Clearstream  Euroclear  and SIX Digital Exchange.The trial will also look at how the industry could address potential operational and regulatory hurdles that banks face in the blockchain environment.There are over 11 000 banks and financial institutions connected to the SWIFT network.Cayman island-based Chainlink  a network that connects Ethereum smart contracts to external data sources  will provide connectivity across public and private blockchains in this experiment.Last year  Swift announced a partnership with the blockchain infrastructure firm to explore blockchain interoperability through Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP).Having just a single interface for access to blockchains for banks to transact on will make transactions more secure  according to Sergey Nazarov  the co-founder of Chainlink.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['blockchain token transfers', '12 major banks', 'Swift', 'Chainlink', 'New Zealand Banking Group Limited', 'Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'cross-chain interoperability partnership Banks', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'SIX Digital Exchange', 'Ethereum smart contracts', 'external data sources', 'blockchain data provider', 'blockchain infrastructure firm', 'private blockchain networks', 'existing Swift infrastructure', 'Cayman island-based Chainlink', 'blockchain interoperability', 'financial institutions', 'blockchain environment', 'The Society', 'related article', 'BNY Mellon', 'Depository Trust', 'Clearing Corporation', 'BNP Paribas', 'potential operational', 'regulatory hurdles', 'private blockchains', 'single interface', 'Sergey Nazarov', '12 major banks', 'SWIFT network', '11,000 banks', 'use', 'tokenized', 'assets', 'public', 'Tuesday', 'Citi', 'Australia', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'trial', 'industry', 'connectivity', 'experiment', 'CCIP', 'access', 'transactions', 'founder']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,finance.yahoo.com
25841,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://forkast.news/headlines/swift-chainlink-to-test-blockchain-transfer/,Swift  Chainlink to test blockchain token transfers with at least 12 major banks,The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) and blockchain data provider Chainlink will work with more than 12 major banks across the world to test the use of existing Swift infrastructure to transfer tokenized assets across public…,The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) and blockchain data provider Chainlink will work with more than 12 major banks across the world to test the use of existing Swift infrastructure to transfer tokenized assets across public and private blockchain networks  Swift said on Tuesday.See related article: SWIFT  Chainlink announce cross-chain interoperability partnershipFast factsBanks working with Swift and Chainlink include Citi  BNY Mellon  Lloyds Banking Group  the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation  BNP Paribas  Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited  Clearstream  Euroclear  and SIX Digital Exchange.The trial will also look at how the industry could address potential operational and regulatory hurdles that banks face in the blockchain environment.There are over 11 000 banks and financial institutions connected to the SWIFT network.Cayman island-based Chainlink  a network that connects Ethereum smart contracts to external data sources  will provide connectivity across public and private blockchains in this experiment.Last year  Swift announced a partnership with the blockchain infrastructure firm to explore blockchain interoperability through Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP).Having just a single interface for access to blockchains for banks to transact on will make transactions more secure  according to Sergey Nazarov  the co-founder of Chainlink.“Connectivity between banks and blockchains created by CCIP can also enable the growth of [decentralized finance]  as banks will find it increasingly easy to interact with public blockchains and move value to and from them using their existing systems ” he added.See related article: CBDCs  tokens can integrate to existing payments systems  SWIFT claims,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['blockchain token transfers', '12 major banks', 'Swift', 'Chainlink', 'New Zealand Banking Group Limited', 'Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'SIX Digital Exchange', 'Ethereum smart contracts', 'external data sources', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'blockchain data provider', 'blockchain infrastructure firm', 'existing payments systems', 'private blockchain networks', 'cross-chain interoperability partnership', 'Fast facts Banks', 'Cayman island-based Chainlink', 'existing Swift infrastructure', 'blockchain interoperability', 'existing systems', 'financial institutions', 'blockchain environment', 'The Society', 'related article', 'BNY Mellon', 'Depository Trust', 'Clearing Corporation', 'BNP Paribas', 'potential operational', 'regulatory hurdles', 'private blockchains', 'single interface', 'Sergey Nazarov', 'decentralized finance', '12 major banks', 'SWIFT network', 'public blockchains', '11,000 banks', 'use', 'tokenized', 'assets', 'Tuesday', 'Citi', 'Australia', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'trial', 'industry', 'connectivity', 'experiment', 'CCIP', 'access', 'transactions', 'founder', 'growth', 'value', 'CBDCs', 'tokens']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,forkast.news
25842,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THE-GOLDMAN-SACHS-GROUP-12831/news/European-Energy-Exchange-sees-huge-growth-in-Japanese-power-futures-trade-this-year-44060335/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,European Energy Exchange sees huge growth in Japanese power futures trade this year,(marketscreener.com) Trading volume in Japanese power futures on the European Energy Exchange could double or triple this year  as more utilities  consumers and financial traders are eager to use it for hedging after the energy crisis last year  an EEX execut…,"Volatility in electricity prices spiked in 2022 following Russia's invasion of Ukraine  delivering a ""wake up call"" on the need for hedging  EEX Chief Operating Officer Steffen Koehler said.""The speed  the volatility and the absolute change in power prices were so huge that people had to be interested in hedging mechanisms and risk management tools "" Koehler told Reuters in an interview.Trading volume of the EEX's Japanese power futures grew to 6.7 terawatt hours (TWh) in 2022  after its launch in May 2020.The growth has accelerated  with 7.6 TWh traded in the first five months of this year  to already exceed the total for all of 2022  according to EEX    a unit of Deutsche Boerse.Koehler said that EEX expected that by the end of 2023 trading volume would be double or triple last year's volume. He said EEX aims to boost the number of trading participants from 56 now to 60 by the end of 2023 and 80 by the end of 2024.Japanese power futures are also traded on a platform operated by Tocom  a unit of Japan Exchange Group  but its volumes are dwarfed by EEX's turnover.As with other commodities  the power future market in general attracts more physical players during the early stage  with financial traders tending to join later  Koehler said  predicting a similar pattern in Japan.Goldman Sachs Group plans to establish a desk in Tokyo to start trading Japanese power derivatives  two people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday.EEX sees a big growth potential in Japan  which is the world's forth-biggest power market  with annual demand of about 900 TWh  Koehler said.(Reporting by Yuka Obayashi in Tokyo  Additional reporting by Vera Eckert in Frankfurt; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)By Yuka Obayashi",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['Japanese power futures trade', 'European Energy Exchange', 'huge growth', 'EEX Chief Operating Officer', 'wake up call', 'risk management tools', 'first five months', 'Goldman Sachs Group', 'Japanese power futures', 'power future market', 'Japanese power derivatives', 'biggest power market', 'big growth potential', 'Japan Exchange Group', 'power prices', 'electricity prices', 'absolute change', '6.7 terawatt hours', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'trading participants', 'other commodities', 'physical players', 'early stage', 'financial traders', 'similar pattern', 'annual demand', 'Yuka Obayashi', 'Additional reporting', 'Vera Eckert', 'Simon Cameron-Moore', 'Trading volume', 'two people', 'Steffen Koehler', 'Volatility', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'need', 'hedging', 'speed', 'mechanisms', 'Reuters', 'interview', 'launch', 'May', '7.6 TWh', 'year', 'total', 'unit', 'end', 'number', 'platform', 'Tocom', 'volumes', 'turnover', 'desk', 'Tokyo', 'matter', 'Wednesday', 'world', '900 TWh', 'Frankfurt', 'Editing']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25843,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/european-energy-exchange-sees-huge-growth-japanese-power-futures-trade-year-3545336,European Energy Exchange sees huge growth in Japanese power futures trade this year,TOKYO : Trading volume in Japanese power futures on the European Energy Exchange could double or triple this year  as more utilities  consumers and financial traders are eager to use it for hedging after the energy crisis last year  an EEX executive said. Vol…,"TOKYO : Trading volume in Japanese power futures on the European Energy Exchange could double or triple this year  as more utilities  consumers and financial traders are eager to use it for hedging after the energy crisis last year  an EEX executive said.Volatility in electricity prices spiked in 2022 following Russia's invasion of Ukraine  delivering a ""wake up call"" on the need for hedging  EEX Chief Operating Officer Steffen Koehler said.""The speed  the volatility and the absolute change in power prices were so huge that people had to be interested in hedging mechanisms and risk management tools "" Koehler told Reuters in an interview.Trading volume of the EEX's Japanese power futures grew to 6.7 terawatt hours (TWh) in 2022  after its launch in May 2020.The growth has accelerated  with 7.6 TWh traded in the first five months of this year  to already exceed the total for all of 2022  according to EEX    a unit of Deutsche Boerse.Koehler said that EEX expected that by the end of 2023 trading volume would be double or triple last year's volume. He said EEX aims to boost the number of trading participants from 56 now to 60 by the end of 2023 and 80 by the end of 2024.Japanese power futures are also traded on a platform operated by Tocom  a unit of Japan Exchange Group  but its volumes are dwarfed by EEX's turnover.As with other commodities  the power future market in general attracts more physical players during the early stage  with financial traders tending to join later  Koehler said  predicting a similar pattern in Japan.Goldman Sachs Group plans to establish a desk in Tokyo to start trading Japanese power derivatives  two people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday.EEX sees a big growth potential in Japan  which is the world's forth-biggest power market  with annual demand of about 900 TWh  Koehler said.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Japanese power futures trade', 'European Energy Exchange', 'huge growth', 'EEX Chief Operating Officer', 'wake up call', 'risk management tools', 'first five months', 'Goldman Sachs Group', 'Japanese power futures', 'power future market', 'Japanese power derivatives', 'biggest power market', 'European Energy Exchange', 'big growth potential', 'Japan Exchange Group', 'power prices', 'energy crisis', 'financial traders', 'electricity prices', 'absolute change', '6.7 terawatt hours', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'trading participants', 'other commodities', 'physical players', 'early stage', 'similar pattern', 'annual demand', 'Trading volume', 'EEX executive', 'two people', 'Steffen Koehler', 'TOKYO', 'utilities', 'consumers', 'hedging', 'Volatility', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'need', 'speed', 'mechanisms', 'Reuters', 'interview', 'launch', 'May', '7.6 TWh', 'year', 'total', 'unit', 'end', 'number', 'platform', 'Tocom', 'volumes', 'turnover', 'desk', 'matter', 'Wednesday', 'world', '900 TWh']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,channelnewsasia.com
25844,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/business/energy/goldman-sachs-start-trading-japan-power-futures-sources-2023-06-07/,Goldman Sachs to start trading Japan power futures - sources,"Goldman Sachs Group <a href=""https://www.reuters.com/companies/GS.N/""target=""_blank"">(GS.N)</a> plans to establish a desk in Tokyo to start trading Japanese power derivatives  two people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday.",TOKYO  June 7 (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group (GS.N) plans to establish a desk in Tokyo to start trading Japanese power derivatives  two people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday.More foreign energy companies and banks are seeking access to the Japanese power market  which was launched in 2016 in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011  spurring trade activity by generators  consumers and distributors.Interest in trading rose amid growing liquidity in Japan's power futures markets as the volatility of electricity prices surged following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The power crisis heightened the need for hedging among power suppliers and buyers  according to the sources.Goldman Sachs has hired some traders in Tokyo  the sources said  requesting anonymity as the matter is still confidential.A spokesperson for Goldman Sachs declined to comment.Japanese power futures trading volume by the European Energy Exchange (EEX) rose nearly four-fold in January-April over the same period last year to 6.3 terawatt hours (TWh)  according to the EEX.The EEX  a unit of Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE)  launched the clearing service for Japanese power futures in May 2020 and trading volume has been steadily growing.Reporting by Yuka Obayashi; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips and Jacqueline WongOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Japan power futures', 'Goldman Sachs', 'sources', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Japanese power futures trading volume', 'More foreign energy companies', 'power futures markets', 'Japanese power derivatives', 'Japanese power market', 'European Energy Exchange', 'Fukushima nuclear disaster', 'Goldman Sachs Group', 'power crisis', 'power suppliers', 'The EEX', 'two people', 'trade activity', 'growing liquidity', 'electricity prices', 'same period', '6.3 terawatt hours', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DB1Gn.DE', 'clearing service', 'Yuka Obayashi', 'Sherry Jacob-Phillips', 'Jacqueline Wong', 'TOKYO', 'June', 'GS.', 'desk', 'matter', 'Wednesday', 'banks', 'access', 'wake', 'generators', 'consumers', 'distributors', 'Interest', 'volatility', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'need', 'hedging', 'buyers', 'sources', 'traders', 'anonymity', 'spokesperson', 'January-April', 'unit', 'May', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,reuters.com
25845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2683437/0/en/Biotalys-Strengthens-Relationship-with-Investors-via-Private-Placement-of-New-Shares-for-7-million.html,Biotalys Strengthens Relationship with Investors via Private Placement of New Shares for €7 million,Ghent  BELGIUM  June  07  2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release - Regulated information - Inside Information  Biotalys NV (Euronext Brussel : BTLS)...,"Ghent  BELGIUM  June 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release - Regulated information - Inside InformationBiotalys NV (Euronext Brussel : BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  today announced that it has successfully obtained subscription commitments for an amount of EUR 7 million by means of a private investment in a public equity (“PIPE”). The transaction involves the issue of 1 135 257 new shares (being approximately 3.67% of the Company’s shares outstanding prior to the transaction) at an issue price of EUR 6.166 per share representing a premium of approximately 1% compared to the closing price of the Biotalys share on Euronext Brussels on Tuesday 6 June 2023.Investors are the existing shareholders Agri Investment Fund BV (“AIF”) and the Belgian Sovereign Wealth Fund Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij NV (“SFPIM”). AIF is the private equity and venture capital fund of the Belgian Farmers Union (Boerenbond) focusing on Ag-Tech and Agro-Food companies that contribute to a stronger and more sustainable agriculture and horticulture. AIF’s participation in the present capital increase is in line with its ambition to support companies to bring their innovations to the agricultural market. To further strengthen the relationship with AIF  Biotalys will propose its shareholders to nominate AIF’s CEO Patrik Haesen to join the Board of Directors of Biotalys.Patrik Haesen  CEO of AIF  commented: “We strongly believe that farmers in Belgium and around the world require new tools to protect their yields while reducing the impact on the environment. We have supported Biotalys since its inception and today want to further build our position as a committed partner with a long-term vision  who can provide financial support as well as a large network and professional advice on various agricultural sectors.”Patrice Sellès  Biotalys CEO  said: ""After validating our approach with multiple collaborations  including through the recent strategic partnership with Syngenta  we welcome the additional support of current shareholders  bringing us another step closer to our ultimate goal of providing growers all over the world  and particularly in our home country Belgium  with innovative and cost-efficient solutions.”Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective biocontrol products with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. The pipeline is based on its proprietary AGROBODY™ technology platform  enabling the discovery and development of a variety of solutions against multiple targets such as fungi  harmful insects and bacteria that cause significant crop losses.Biotalys currently intends to use the proceeds of the private placement as follows:To further develop and advance the Company’s pipeline  including discovery and development  aimed at increasing the number of programs within crop protection and the food value chain  potentially also through partnerships;To fund continuous platform development and intellectual property capture to maintain the competitiveness and increase the efficiency of Biotalys’ AGROBODY Foundry™ platform;To support the market calibration of its first product candidate Evoca™ and preparation of future commercial launch with field trials  manufacturing scale up and regulatory approvals;To support acquisition of key talents.The payment and delivery of the new shares is scheduled to take place on Monday 12 June 2023. Following such date  the new shares will also be listed on Euronext Brussels. These new shares will have the same rights and benefits as  and rank pari passu in all respects with  the existing and outstanding shares of Biotalys at the moment of their issuance.As a result of the issuance of new shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with EUR 1 634 136 from EUR 44 564 320 to EUR 46 198 456 and its issued and outstanding shares will increase from 30 959 454 to 32 094 711 shares  representing an increase of number of shares outstanding of 3.67%.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant noticesThis announcement is for informational purposes only and is directed only at persons who are located outside the United States. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares or any other security and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in the United States or in any jurisdiction in which  or to any persons to whom  such offering  solicitation or sale would be unlawful. The shares have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction  and may not be offered or sold within the United States  or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws. Accordingly  the shares are being offered and sold (i) in the United States only to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act and (ii) in “offshore transactions” to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act. There is no assurance that the offering will be completed or  if completed  as to the terms on which it will be completed.This announcement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the shares in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) is or will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the shares. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) any implementing measure in each relevant Member State of the EEA.This announcement is only addressed to and directed at persons in Member States of the EEA who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation  or such other investors as shall not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of Article 3.1 of the Prospectus Regulation.The offer  sale and admission to trading of the shares will be made pursuant to an exception under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers or admissions to trading of securities. This press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation or an offer to the public.The distribution of this press release into certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the laws of any such jurisdiction.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.13,0.19,True,English,"['Private Placement', 'New Shares', 'Biotalys', 'Investors', 'Belgian Sovereign Wealth Fund Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij NV', 'existing shareholders Agri Investment Fund BV', 'proprietary AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Biotalys’ AGROBODY Foundry™ platform', 'venture capital fund', 'Belgian Farmers Union', 'effective biocontrol products', 'Patrice Sellès', 'recent strategic partnership', 'favorable safety profile', 'intellectual property capture', 'first product candidate', 'future commercial launch', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'continuous platform development', 'significant crop losses', 'various agricultural sectors', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', 'present capital increase', 'food value chain', 'Biotalys NV', 'private investment', 'Agricultural Technology', 'current shareholders', 'key talents', 'cost-efficient solutions', 'crop protection', 'share capital', 'food protection', 'agricultural market', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'Euronext Brussel', 'subscription commitments', 'public equity', 'closing price', 'private equity', 'Patrik Haesen', 'new tools', 'committed partner', 'long-term vision', 'financial support', 'large network', 'professional advice', 'multiple collaborations', 'additional support', 'ultimate goal', 'home country', 'multiple targets', 'harmful insects', 'private placement', 'market calibration', 'field trials', 'regulatory approvals', 'same rights', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Communication T', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'More information', '1,135,257 new shares', 'outstanding shares', 'Tuesday 6 June', 'Monday 12 June', 'issue price', 'Agro-Food companies', 'sustainable agriculture', 'diverse pipeline', 'Biotalys share', 'Biotalys CEO', 'AgTech) company', '32,094,711 shares', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'BTLS', 'amount', 'means', 'transaction', 'premium', 'Investors', 'AIF', 'SFPIM', 'Boerenbond', 'Ag-Tech', 'stronger', 'horticulture', 'participation', 'ambition', 'innovations', 'relationship', 'Board', 'Directors', 'world', 'yields', 'impact', 'environment', 'inception', 'position', 'approach', 'Syngenta', 'growers', 'innovative', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'discovery', 'variety', 'fungi', 'bacteria', 'proceeds', 'number', 'programs', 'partnerships', 'competitiveness', 'efficiency', 'Evoca™', 'preparation', 'manufacturing', 'acquisition', 'payment', 'delivery', 'benefits', 'passu', 'respects', 'moment', 'issuance', 'result', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Head']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2684041/0/en/JCDecaux-unveils-its-Climate-Strategy-aimed-at-achieving-Net-Zero-Carbon-by-2050.html,JCDecaux unveils its Climate Strategy aimed at achieving Net Zero Carbon by 2050,JCDecaux unveils its Climate Strategy aimed at achieving Net Zero Carbon by 2050              Paris  7 June 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC) ...,"English FrenchJCDecaux unveils its Climate Strategy aimed at achieving Net Zero Carbon by 2050Paris  7 June 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide unveils its Climate Strategy which further proves its commitment to reducing its carbon footprint across its entire value chain. The strategy is based on three principles: Measure  Reduce  Contribute. It aims for Net Zero Carbon by 2050 (scopes 1  2  and 3)*. This initiative reaffirms the JCDecaux Group's commitment to an active participation in the fight against climate change by adopting eco-responsible practices and promoting sustainable innovation in its business practices.JCDecaux  a service-driven and sustainable mediaSince its very beginning in 1964  JCDecaux has placed sustainability and efficiency at the heart of its business model. The Group created a Sustainable Development and Quality Department in 2007  and in 2014 set out an ambitious Sustainable Development Strategy. JCDecaux designs  installs  and maintains light infrastructure (bus shelters  street furniture  self-cleaning public toilets  self-service bicycles  etc.) in public spaces and travel hubs thanks to the financing provided by the advertising for brands and companies displayed on that infrastructure. JCDecaux street furniture provide innovative and free services for millions of people around the world  as well as for local authorities and transport companies  based on resource-efficient management. This business model is virtuous in three ways: economically  ecologically  and socially.JCDecaux  committed to Net Zero CarbonTo accelerate the impact of its initiatives in support of a low-carbon society and in response to the climate emergency  JCDecaux discloses today its Group-wide Climate Strategy. Following a pilot scheme in France in 2021  that plan was reviewed by EY (Independent Third Party). The aim of that strategy is to align with the objectives of the Paris Agreement (limiting the increase in the average global temperature to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels) and to achieve Net Zero Carbon by 2050  taking into account the entire value chain of the company.To achieve this  JCDecaux plans to follow a roadmap based on Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) that are backed up by scientific data. In late 2022  the Group signed a pledge to achieve those SBTi goals  and JCDecaux has been awarded the ""Committed"" label in recognition of its commitment to a low-carbon strategy. Over the course of 2023  JCDecaux plans to submit a report on its progress towards those SBTi goals for review and validation.The road to Net Zero Carbon by 2050 will be marked by intermediate stages along the way.Objectives for 2030: carbon emissions reduction scopes 1+2 (market-based**): at least 60% compared to 2019 levels. carbon emissions reduction scope 3: at least 46% compared to 2019.Objectives for 2050:carbon emissions reduction scopes 1+2 (market-based): at least 90% compared to 2019. carbon emissions reduction scope 3: at least 90% compared to 2019.A Climate Strategy based on three complementary principles: Measure  Reduce  Contribute.1. Continuously measuring and reportingJCDecaux measures its greenhouse gas emissions taking into account the three emissions scopes set out in the GHG (Greenhouse Gas Protocol). For 2022  JCDecaux's total carbon footprint was 210.4 Kteq CO 2 (scopes 1  2  and 3)  which represents a reduction of 27.1% compared to 2019.2. Continuous reductionJCDecaux has drawn up a roadmap that it will follow in order to reduce its overall carbon impact based on three main drivers:Street furniture: reduce the associated carbon emissions to improve the environmental footprint of such installations  by:Always opting for eco-designed street furniture by choosing low-carbon materials in their design and operation  and strengthening responsible innovation to reduce environmental impact.by choosing low-carbon materials in their design and operation  and strengthening responsible innovation to reduce environmental impact. Promote the circular economy by increasing the use of refurbished street furniture. Refurbishing a bus shelter reduces emissions by 69% compared to manufacturing a new one.Energy: reduce emissions from all our activities (street furniture  vehicles  buildings) by implementing the following initiatives:Minimi s e the electricity consumption of our street furniture  by replacing old lighting systems with newer and more environmentally-friendly technologies such as LEDs  which are more energy-efficient (LED retrofit)  solutions to reduce the light intensity (dimming) or even temporarily switch off the power supply at certain times  as well as rationalized management of the size of small digital displays. These are many of the ways in which JCDecaux will improve the energy efficiency of its street furniture.of our street furniture  by replacing old lighting systems with newer and more environmentally-friendly technologies such as LEDs  which are more energy-efficient (LED retrofit)  solutions to reduce the light intensity (dimming) or even temporarily switch off the power supply at certain times  as well as rationalized management of the size of small digital displays. These are many of the ways in which JCDecaux will improve the energy efficiency of its street furniture. Maintain 100% renewable energy coverage.Replace our fleet of company cars and vehicles with “low emissions” models.with “low emissions” models. Continue equipping our offices and premises with building control and automation systems.Travel: to reduce their environmental footprint  optimise our employees' personal travel (home-work commute) and business trips:Promote alternative modes of transport such as car-pooling  public transport  or cycling.3. Contribute nowIn addition to the reduction measures already implemented in its operations and value chain  JCDecaux wishes to contribute to the development of qualitative projects aimed at reducing and/or capturing carbon emissions beyond our value chain. This policy stems from JCDecaux’s desire to participate in decarbonisation on a global scale and to contribute to the sustainable development goals set out by the United Nations  of which JCDecaux has been an official partner since January 2023. JCDecaux will later this year outline its contribution strategy.Jean-François Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux  said: ""One year on from unveiling our ESG 2030 roadmap  today we are proud to back up that initiative by presenting a proactive climate strategy geared towards the goal of “Net Zero Carbon”. Reducing our environmental footprint is one of JCDecaux's long-standing commitments. Our business model resonates with the Green Taxonomy  as nearly 50% of our 2022 revenues are aligned with this European regulation. And our efforts are showing results: between 2019 and 2022  we reduced our Group-wide greenhouse gas emissions by 27% in terms of scopes 1  2  and 3. As the world leader in our business sector  this new climate strategy demonstrates JCDecaux's determination to play an active role in the collective response to the challenges of climate change and to make outdoor advertising a driver of the ecological transition. JCDecaux will continue to work with all our stakeholders and to support those involved in public and private procurement to ensure that it becomes a massive and effective sustainable development driver. This climate strategy was developed through a participative approach within the Group and all our employees work every day towards it. It will be at the heart of our service-driven and sustainable business model.""*Scope 1: Direct emissionsResulting from the manufacturing of products or the combustion of fuel for company vehicles (natural gas  oil  etc.)​Scope 2: Indirect emissionsAssociated with energy consumption that does not directly pollute (electricity  etc.)​Scope 3: Other indirect emissionsLinked to the rest of the company's activities (procurement  transport  end-of-life cycle  employee travel  etc.)​**Market-basedMethod of calculating CO 2 emissions linked to electricity consumption  based on emissions factors associated with the supplier from which the company buys its electricity. Emissions are calculated on the basis of the electricity that the organization chooses to purchase  often through negotiated contracts or instruments such as Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs).Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A-)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.comJoin us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Net Zero Carbon', 'Climate Strategy', 'JCDecaux', 'carbon emissions reduction scope', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'ambitious Sustainable Development Strategy', 'Net Zero Carbon', 'entire value chain', 'Independent Third Party', 'average global temperature', 'Greenhouse Gas Protocol', 'old lighting systems', 'small digital displays', 'associated carbon emissions', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'three main drivers', 'self-cleaning public toilets', 'total carbon footprint', 'three complementary principles', 'overall carbon impact', 'Science-Based Targets Initiative', 'Group-wide Climate Strategy', 'A Climate Strategy', 'eco-designed street furniture', 'three emissions scopes', 'JCDecaux street furniture', 'three principles', 'new one', 'Continuous reduction', 'sustainable innovation', 'sustainable media', 'public spaces', 'climate change', 'climate emergency', 'environmental footprint', 'low-carbon strategy', 'three ways', 'English French', 'active participation', 'eco-responsible practices', 'business practices', 'business model', 'Quality Department', 'bus shelters', 'self-service bicycles', 'travel hubs', 'free services', 'local authorities', 'resource-efficient management', 'low-carbon society', 'pilot scheme', 'scientific data', 'Committed"" label', 'intermediate stages', '4 Kteq CO', 'low-carbon materials', 'responsible innovation', 'environmental impact', 'circular economy', 'electricity consumption', 'environmentally-friendly technologies', 'LED retrofit', 'light intensity', 'power supply', 'rationalized management', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'Paris Agreement', 'SBTi goals', 'light infrastructure', 'transport companies', 'pre-industrial levels', 'following initiatives', 'JCDecaux SE', 'energy efficiency', 'JCDecaux Group', '2019 levels', '7 June', 'number', 'commitment', 'Measure', 'Contribute', 'fight', 'service-driven', 'beginning', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'financing', 'brands', 'innovative', 'millions', 'people', 'world', 'support', 'response', 'France', 'plan', 'EY', 'aim', 'objectives', 'increase', '1.5°C', 'account', 'roadmap', 'late', 'pledge', 'recognition', 'course', 'report', 'progress', 'review', 'validation', 'GHG', 'order', 'installations', 'operation', 'activities', 'vehicles', 'buildings', 'newer', 'LEDs', 'solutions', 'dimming', 'times', 'size', '2023', '2050', '2.']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/assorted/stellantis-announces-second-tranche-of-eur-15b-share-buyback-432SI-3099850,Stellantis Announces Second Tranche of EUR 1.5B Share Buyback By Investing.com,Stellantis Announces Second Tranche of EUR 1.5B Share Buyback,Published Jun 07  2023 05:18AM ETStellantis (STLA) Announces Second Tranche of EUR 1.5B Share BuybackSTLA +1.81% Add to/Remove from WatchlistStellantis Announces Launch of Second Tranche of Its Share Buyback ProgramStellantis N.V. (STLA) announced today that pursuant to its Share Buyback Program announced on February 22  2023  covering up to €1.5 billion to be executed in the open market with the intent to cancel the common shares acquired through the Program and following the completion of the first tranche of the Program as announced on May 18  2023  Stellantis has signed a share buyback agreement for the second tranche of its Program with an independent investment firm that makes its trading decisions concerning the timing of purchases independently of Stellantis.This agreement will cover a maximum amount of up to €500 million. The second tranche of the Program shall start on June 7  2023 and end no later than September 7  2023. Common shares purchased under the Program will be cancelled in due course.Any buyback of common shares in relation to this announcement will be carried out under the authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders held on April 13  2023  up to a maximum of 10% of the Company’s capital  or any renewed or extended authorization to be granted at a future general meeting of the Company. The purchase price per common share will be no higher than an amount equal to 110% of the market price of the shares on the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris (as the case may be). The market price will be calculated as the average of the highest price on each of the five days of trading prior to the date on which the acquisition is made  as shown in the official price list of the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris. The share buybacks will be carried out subject to market conditions and in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.As of today  following the relevant portion of the first tranche  the remaining authorization stands at approximately 290 million shares  which is expected to be adequate to cover this Program  as well as any repurchase(s) of the 99.2 million shares currently owned by Chinese JV partner Dongfeng Corporation under the terms announced on July 15  2022.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,True,English,"['EUR 1.5B Share Buyback', 'Second Tranche', 'Investing.com', 'Stellantis', 'Chinese JV partner Dongfeng Corporation', 'EUR 1.5B Share Buyback', 'independent investment firm', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'official price list', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'future general meeting', 'share buyback agreement', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Share Buyback Program', 'common share', 'share buybacks', 'market price', 'open market', 'purchase price', 'highest price', 'market conditions', 'Second Tranche', 'first tranche', 'due course', 'extended authorization', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'five days', 'applicable rules', 'relevant portion', 'remaining authorization', '290 million shares', '99.2 million shares', 'trading decisions', 'maximum amount', 'Jun', 'STLA', 'Watchlist', 'Launch', 'February', 'intent', 'completion', 'May', 'timing', 'purchases', 'September', 'relation', 'announcement', 'authority', 'shareholders', 'April', 'Company', 'capital', 'NYSE', 'case', 'average', 'date', 'acquisition', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'today', 'terms', 'July']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,investing.com
25848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2684247/0/en/GENFIT-Announces-New-Data-at-the-European-Association-for-the-Study-of-the-Liver-EASL-Congress-2023.html,GENFIT Announces New Data at the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Congress 2023,Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); June 7  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today a…,English FrenchLille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); June 7  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today announced that it will present new data at the EASL Congress which will take place on June 21-24  2023 in Vienna  Austria.Posters and PresentationsGENFIT has had three abstracts accepted for poster sessions. Presentations include preclinical data showing the beneficial effects of nitazoxanide (NTZ) in an Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) disease model  NIS2+™ as an effective screening tool for optimizing patient selection in clinical trials targeting at-risk Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) and NIS2+™ as the most adapted Non-Invasive Test (NIT) for an efficient identification of at-risk NASH that is not impacted by age.Poster 1: Preclinical data showing beneficial effects of NTZ in an ACLF disease modelTitle: Nitazoxanide counteracts lipopolysaccharide-induced hepatic and renal transcriptomic profile changes to improve systemic inflammation and organ damage in a disease model of acute-on-chronic liver failurePoster: THU-342Author/s: Legry V. et al.Session: June 22  2023: Cirrhosis and its complications: Experimental and pathophysiology (selected for the Poster Tour that will be held between 4:15pm – 5:00pm at the Cirrhosis & complications track hub).Poster 2: NIS2+™ as an effective screening tool for optimizing patient selection in clinical trials targeting at-risk NASHTitle: NIS2+™ as a screening tool for optimizing patient selection in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis therapeutic trialsPoster: SAT-421Author/s: Ratziu V.  Harrison S.A. et al.Session: June 24  2023 between 9.00am – 5.00pm at NAFLD: Diagnostics and non-invasive assessment (selected for inclusion in the Best of EASL Congress summary slide deck).Poster 3: NIS2+™ as the most adapted Non-Invasive Test (NIT) for an efficient identification of at-risk NASH that is not impacted by ageTitle: Impact of age as a confounding factor on non-invasive blood-based tests for the evaluation of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): comparing NIS2+™ to established testsPoster: SAT-417Author/s: Anstee  Q.M. et al.Session: June 24  2023 between 9.00am – 5.00pm at NAFLD: Diagnostics and non-invasive assessmentKey eventsGENFIT will host an investigator meeting on June 22  2023 in relation to the international UNVEIL-IT™ Phase 2 study which is currently being conducted  evaluating VS-01 in ACLF.ABOUT EASLThe European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Annual Congress is a major international conference for researchers  physicians  and other healthcare professionals in the field of liver disease. The annual meeting typically features presentations on the latest research and advances in the diagnosis  treatment and management of liver conditions  as well as opportunities for networking and professional development. EASL Congress 2023 is scheduled to take place in Vienna from June 21st to 24th 2023 at Messe Wien Exhibition Congress Centre  and will likely attract more than 9000 attendees worldwide.ABOUT ACLFGENFIT’s Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) franchise now comprises 3 clinical stage assets (VS-01  NTZ and SRT-015) based on differentiated mechanisms of action leveraging complementary pathways.ACLF is a rare  life-threatening  but potentially reversible condition of varied etiology. ACLF is recognized clinically as a syndrome  globally defined by multi-organ dysfunction and failure in patients with chronic liver disease or liver cirrhosis and high short-term mortality within a period of 28 to 90 days.Patients with cirrhosis may initially be compensated. With progression  many patients will go on to have acute decompensation of cirrhosis characterized by the rapid development of complications such as ascites  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  gastrointestinal hemorrhage  or bacterial infection  which are very common causes of hospitalization. On admission  approximately 30% of these patients will develop liver and/or other organ failure(s) (i.e  brain  kidneys  cardiovascular and respiratory) and will be considered as having ACLF.1 2 3 4 5ABOUT NIS2+™NIS2+™ is a blood-based diagnostic test specifically designed to detect at-risk NASH among patients with metabolic risk factors based on an independent 2-biomarker panel. It was developed and validated by GENFIT as a robust Non-Invasive Test (NIT) across characteristics of interest such as type-2 diabetes  age and sex  allowing large-scale implementation in clinical practice.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via seven programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD)  organic acidemias (OA) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 in relation to the clinical performance of NIS2+™ in NASH and NTZ in ACLF patients. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “targeted”  “anticipated”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  cost of  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis  our capacity to integrate its assets  develop its programs and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 18  2023  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 18  2023. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Arroyo V et al.  J Hepatol  2015  62(1 Suppl)  S131-S1432 Malik R et al.  J Hepatol  2009  51(3)  426-93 Olson JC et al.  Hepatology  2011  54(5)  1864-724 Jalan R et al.  J Hepatol  2012  57(6)  1336-485 Wlodzimirow KA et al.  Liver International  2013  33(1)  40-42Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.14,0.52,True,English,"['New Data', 'European Association', 'EASL) Congress', 'GENFIT', 'Study', 'Liver', 'Messe Wien Exhibition Congress Centre', 'EASL Congress summary slide deck', 'nonalcoholic steatohepatitis therapeutic trials Poster', 'renal transcriptomic profile changes', 'high unmet medical needs', 'international UNVEIL-IT™ Phase 2 study', 'other organ failure(s', 'non-alcoholic fatty liver disease', 'robust Non-Invasive Test (NIT', 'chronic liver failure Poster', 'Harrison S.A.', 'major international conference', 'other healthcare professionals', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'The European Association', 'high short-term mortality', 'independent 2-biomarker panel', 'strong scientific heritage', 'blood-based diagnostic test', 'chronic liver disease', 'severe liver diseases', 'invasive blood-based tests', 'EASL) Annual Congress', 'effective screening tool', 'liver disease research', '3 clinical stage assets', 'complications track hub', 'metabolic risk factors', 'ACLF) disease model', 'ACLF disease model', 'Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis', 'clinical trials', 'organ damage', 'high potential', 'tests Poster', 'liver conditions', 'annual meeting', 'latest research', 'early-stage assets', 'non-invasive assessment', 'poster sessions', 'Poster Tour', 'clinical practice', 'English French', 'United States', 'new data', 'three abstracts', 'preclinical data', 'beneficial effects', 'patient selection', 'efficient identification', 'lipopolysaccharide-induced hepatic', 'systemic inflammation', 'Legry V.', 'Ratziu V.', 'confounding factor', 'Q.M.', 'Key events', 'investigator meeting', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'complementary pathways', 'reversible condition', 'varied etiology', 'multi-organ dysfunction', '28 to 90 days', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'gastrointestinal hemorrhage', 'bacterial infection', 'common causes', 'large-scale implementation', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'late developmen', 'liver cirrhosis', 'professional development', 'rapid development', 'ACLF) franchise', 'acute decompensation', 'many patients', 'NASH Title', 'age Title', 'risk NASH', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'June', 'GENFIT', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'rare', 'place', 'Vienna', 'Austria', 'Posters', 'Presentations', 'nitazoxanide', 'NTZ', 'THU', 'Author/s', 'Experimental', 'pathophysiology', '+™', '9.00am', 'NAFLD', 'Diagnostics', 'inclusion', 'Best', 'Impact', 'evaluation', 'Anstee', 'relation', 'VS', 'researchers', 'physicians', 'field', 'advances', 'diagnosis', 'treatment', 'management', 'opportunities', 'networking', '9000 attendees', 'SRT', 'action', 'syndrome', 'period', 'progression', 'ascites', 'hospitalization', 'brain', 'kidneys', 'cardiovascular', 'respiratory', 'characteristics', 'interest', 'type-2', 'diabetes', 'sex', 'pioneer', 'expertise', '4:15', '5:00', '5.00']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENEL-S-P-A-70935/news/Enel-S-p-A-included-once-again-among-world-sustainability-leaders-in-FTSE4Good-and-Vigeo-Eiris-120-44063153/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Enel S p A : included once again among world sustainability leaders in FTSE4Good and Vigeo-Eiris 120 indices,(marketscreener.com)   Global News Media   T +39 06 8305 5699 ufficiostampa@enel.com gnm@enel.com   enel.com   ENEL INCLUDED ONCE AGAIN AMONG WORLD SUSTAINABILITY LEADERS IN FTSE4GOOD AND VIGEO-EIRIS 120 INDICES    The company reaffirmed its po…,"Global News MediaT +39 06 8305 5699 ufficiostampa@enel.com gnm@enel.comenel.comENEL INCLUDED ONCE AGAIN AMONG WORLD SUSTAINABILITY LEADERS IN FTSE4GOOD AND VIGEO-EIRIS 120 INDICESThe company reaffirmed its position in the mid-year reviews of the FTSE4Good Index Series and the Euronext Vigeo-Eiris indices at global  European  and eurozone levelsmid-year reviews of the FTSE4Good Index Series and the Euronext Vigeo-Eiris indices at global  European  and eurozone levels Enel's subsidiaries Endesa  Enel Américas and Enel Chile were also included in the FTSE4Good Index Series. Endesa was also confirmed in the Euronext Vigeo-Eiris indices at global  European and Eurozone levelsRome  June 7th  2023 - Enel was confirmed once again in the FTSE4Good Index Series and the Euronext Vigeo-Eiris (V.E.) indices  which rank the top global companies in terms of environmental  social and governance (ESG) practices and transparency. In the latter  Enel maintained its place in the World 120 index  as well as in the regional Euronext V.E. Eurozone 120 and Europe 120 indices  listing the 120 most sustainable companies out of the 500 largest free-float companies in the Eurozone and Europe.Both FTSE4Good and V.E. awarded Enel's commitment to embedding ESG practices into the business strategy along its entire value chain. FTSE4Good highlighted Enel's practices and transparency on a wide range of topics  including biodiversity  health and safety  human rights  corporate governance  risk management  and tax transparency. At the same time  V.E. recognized Enel's outstanding performance in the development of its environmental strategy  managing its human capital  and fostering sound governance practices.This outstanding performance and position is also extended to other listed Enel Group companies  such as its Spanish subsidiary Endesa  which renewed its position in the FTSE4Good index and in all three indices of V.E.. Enel Américas and Enel Chile  Enel subsidiaries that operate in Latin America  were also confirmed in the FTSE4Good Index.Enel's global sustainability leadership is acknowledged through its presence in several other renowned sustainability indices as well as rankings  such as the DJSI World and Europe  the MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes  the CDP Climate ""A"" List  the STOXX Global ESG Leaders index  the ISS ""Prime"" rating  the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  the Refinitiv TOP 100 Diversity and Inclusion Index  the Equileap's Top 100 Gender Equality Global Ranking and the ECPI indices.The Group is increasingly attracting the attention of Socially Responsible Investors  whose stake in the company is steadily growing  representing about 14.9% of Enel's share capital as of end of 2022  more than double compared to 2014 levels. This increase reflects the growing importance the financial market gives to non-financial elements in the creation of long-term sustainable value.1Enel SpA - Registered Office: 00198 Rome - Italy - Viale Regina Margherita 137 - Companies Register of Rome and Tax I.D. 00811720580 - R.E.A. 756032 - VAT Code 15844561009 - Stock Capital Euro 10 166 679 946 fully paid-in.",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['world sustainability leaders', 'Enel S', 'Vigeo-Eiris 120 indices', 'FTSE4Good', 'several other renowned sustainability indices', 'Top 100 Gender Equality Global Ranking', 'other listed Enel Group companies', 'regional Euronext V.E. Eurozone', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'CDP Climate ""A"" List', 'MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes', 'AMONG WORLD SUSTAINABILITY LEADERS', 'Global ESG Leaders index', 'global sustainability leadership', 'top global companies', 'Refinitiv TOP 100 Diversity', 'Global News Media', 'R.E.A.', '120 most sustainable companies', '500 largest free-float companies', 'entire value chain', 'Socially Responsible Investors', 'long-term sustainable value', 'Viale Regina Margherita', 'Tax I.D.', 'V.E.) indices', 'Euronext Vigeo-Eiris indices', 'FTSE4Good Index Series', 'Enel Américas', 'sound governance practices', 'The Group', 'World 120 index', 'Companies Register', 'ESG) practices', 'ESG practices', 'Inclusion Index', 'three indices', 'DJSI World', 'ECPI indices', 'eurozone levels', 'mid-year reviews', 'Europe 120 indices', 'business strategy', 'wide range', 'human rights', 'corporate governance', 'risk management', 'same time', 'outstanding performance', 'environmental strategy', 'Spanish subsidiary', 'Latin America', 'Prime"" rating', 'growing importance', 'financial market', 'non-financial elements', 'Registered Office', 'VAT Code', 'tax transparency', 'Enel Chile', 'Enel SpA', 'human capital', 'share capital', 'Enel subsidiaries', '2014 levels', 'company', 'position', 'European', 'Endesa', 'Rome', 'terms', 'latter', 'place', 'commitment', 'topics', 'biodiversity', 'health', 'safety', 'development', 'presence', 'rankings', 'Equileap', 'attention', 'stake', 'increase', 'creation', 'Italy', 'Stock']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Announces-Launch-of-Second-Tranche-of-Its-Share-Buyback-Program-44055313/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Stellantis Announces Launch of Second Tranche of Its Share Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Announces Launch of Second Tranche of Its Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  June 7  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that pursuant to its Share Buyback Program announced on February 22  2023  covering up to €1.5 billion to…,Stellantis Announces Launch of Second Trancheof Its Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  June 7  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its Share Buyback Program (the “Program”) announced on February 22  2023  covering up to €1.5 billion (total purchase price excluding ancillary costs) to be executed in the open market with the intent to cancel the common shares acquired through the Program and following the completion of the first tranche of the Program as announced on May 18  2023  Stellantis has signed a share buyback agreement for the second tranche of its Program with an independent investment firm that makes its trading decisions concerning the timing of purchases independently of Stellantis.This agreement will cover a maximum amount of up to €500 million. The second tranche of the Program shall start on June 7  2023 and end no later than September 7  2023. Common shares purchased under the Program will be cancelled in due course.Any buyback of common shares in relation to this announcement will be carried out under the authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders held on April 13  2023  up to a maximum of 10% of the Company’s capital  or any renewed or extended authorization to be granted at a future general meeting of the Company. The purchase price per common share will be no higher than an amount equal to 110% of the market price of the shares on the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris (as the case may be). The market price will be calculated as the average of the highest price on each of the five days of trading prior to the date on which the acquisition is made  as shown in the official price list of the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris. The share buybacks will be carried out subject to market conditions and in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.As of today  following the relevant portion of the first tranche  the remaining authorization stands at approximately 290 million shares  which is expected to be adequate to cover this Program  as well as any repurchase(s) of the 99.2 million shares currently owned by Chinese JV partner Dongfeng Corporation under the terms announced on July 15  2022.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Second Tranche', 'Stellantis', 'Launch', 'Chinese JV partner Dongfeng Corporation', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'independent investment firm', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'official price list', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'general economic environment', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'other anticipated aspects', 'total purchase price', 'global financial markets', 'future general meeting', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'share buyback agreement', 'Share Buyback Program', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'common share', 'share buybacks', 'market price', 'anticipated results', 'future financial', 'local economic', 'highest price', 'open market', 'market conditions', 'Second Tranche', 'ancillary costs', 'first tranche', 'due course', 'extended authorization', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'five days', 'applicable rules', 'relevant portion', 'remaining authorization', 'repurchase(s', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'future performance', 'current state', 'future expectations', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', '290 million shares', '99.2 million shares', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'other changes', 'future events', 'trading decisions', 'closing date', 'regional tariffs', 'similar terms', 'maximum amount', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Launch', 'AMSTERDAM', 'June', 'February', 'intent', 'completion', 'May', 'timing', 'purchases', 'September', 'relation', 'announcement', 'authority', 'shareholders', 'April', 'capital', 'NYSE', 'case', 'average', 'acquisition', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'today', 'July', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'communications', 'operations', 'benefits', 'transaction', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2684045/0/en/Results-of-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-7-June-2023.html,Results of the Combined General Meeting of 7 June 2023,Press Release    Results of the Combined General Meeting of 7 June 2023    .    Adoption of all the resolutions submitted for shareholder...,English FrenchPress ReleaseResults of the Combined General Meeting of 7 June 2023. Adoption of all the resolutions submitted for shareholder approval at MRM’s General Meeting. Approval of the cash payout to shareholders of €1.80 per share in respect of 2022 financial year. Re-appointment of the two independent directorsParis  7 June 2023: MRM (Euronext code ISIN FR00140085W6)  a real estate company specialising in retail property  announced the adoption of all the resolutions submitted to the shareholders at the Combined General Meeting which was held today in Paris under the chairmanship of Mr. François de Varenne  Chairman of the Board of directors.All the resolutions put forward were approved by shareholders by a very large majority. In particular  the General Meeting approved:The cash payout to shareholders of €1.80 per share in respect of the 2022 financial year. The ex-dividend date is 12 June 2023 and payment will be made on 14 June 2023.The renewal of the terms of office of the independent directors Ms Brigitte Gauthier-Darcet and Ms Valérie Ohannessian for a period of 4 years.Following the General Meeting  the composition of the Board remains unchanged:Mr François de Varenne  Chairman of the Board of Directors and director;SCOR SE  director  represented by Ms Karina Lelièvre;Altarea  director  represented by Mr Rodrigo Clare;Ms Brigitte Gauthier-Darcet  independent director;Ms Valérie Ohannessian  independent director; and Ms Karine Trébaticky  director.Detailed results of the votes on resolutions are available at www.mrminvest.com.CalendarRevenues for the second quarter and first-half 2023 results are due on 27 July 2023 after market close.About MRMMRM is a listed real estate company that owns and manages a portfolio of retail properties across several regions of France. Its majority shareholder is SCOR SE  which owns 56.63% of share capital. MRM is listed in Compartment C of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR00140085W6 - Bloomberg code: MRM:FP –Reuters code: MRM.PA). MRM opted for SIIC status on 1 January 2008.For more informationMRM5  avenue Kléber75795 Paris Cedex 16FranceT +33 1 58 44 70 00relation_finances@mrminvest.com Isabelle Laurent  OPRG FinancialM +33 6 42 37 54 17isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frSite Internet : www.mrminvest.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Results', '7 June', 'Mr. François de Varenne', 'Mr François de Varenne', 'Ms Valérie Ohannessian', 'Ms Karina Lelièvre', 'Ms Karine Trébaticky', 'listed real estate company', 'Mr Rodrigo Clare', 'Ms Brigitte Gauthier-Darcet', '5, avenue Kléber', 'Combined General Meeting', 'two independent directors', 'Euronext code ISIN', 'Bloomberg code', 'Reuters code', 'English French', 'Press Release', 'cash payout', '2022 financial year', 'retail property', 'large majority', 'ex-dividend date', 'SCOR SE', 'second quarter', 'retail properties', 'several regions', 'majority shareholder', 'Compartment C', 'Euronext Paris', 'SIIC status', 'OPRG Financial', 'Site Internet', 'Detailed results', 'first-half 2023 results', 'shareholder approval', 'Paris Cedex', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'share capital', '7 June', 'Adoption', 'resolutions', 'MRM', 'shareholders', 'respect', 'appointment', 'chairmanship', 'Board', '12 June', 'payment', '14 June', 'renewal', 'terms', 'office', 'period', '4 years', 'composition', 'Altarea', 'votes', 'Calendar', 'Revenues', '27 July', 'market', 'portfolio', 'France', '1 January', 'information', 'relation_finances', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KORIAN-37408/news/Korian-Dividend-2022-Calendar-and-conditions-44057811/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Korian : Dividend 2022 - Calendar and conditions,(marketscreener.com)   2022 Dividend submitted to the Annual General Meeting   Calendar and conditions   This document presents the calendar and conditions for the payment of the 2022 dividend submitted to the Annual General Meeting of 15 June 2023 .…,"2022 Dividend submitted to the Annual General MeetingCalendar and conditionsThis document presents the calendar and conditions for the payment of the 2022 dividend submitted to the Annual General Meeting of 15 June 2023 (the ""General Meeting"").On 21 February 2023  the Board of Directors (the ""Board"") of Korian (the ""Company"") decided to submit to the General Meeting  the payment of a dividend of €0.25 per share in respect of the 2022 financial year.The Board also decided again to submit to the General Meeting a resolution in order to offer to each of the shareholders the possibility to choose for a payment of the dividend in newly issued Company shares; the payment in shares would apply to the whole dividend.The new shares would be issued at a price equal to 95 % of the average of the opening share price of Korian shares on the regulated market Euronext Paris for the 20 trading days preceding the date of the General Meeting  less the net amount of dividend per share  i.e. €0.25  rounded up to the next higher euro cent.CALENDAR AND CONDITIONS FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE DIVIDENDEx date: 21 June 2023.21 June 2023. Record date: 22 June 2023.Period during which the option can be exercised: from 23 June to 7 July 2023 included. Beyond that date  if the option has not been exercised  the dividend will be paid in cash.Treatment of share fractions: if the amount of dividends for which the option is exercised does not correspond to a round number of shares  the shareholders may receive (i) the rounded-down whole number of shares and the balance in cash from the Company or (ii) the rounded-up whole number of shares with a cash payment being made by the shareholder.if the amount of dividends for which the option is exercised does not correspond to a round number of shares  the shareholders may receive (i) the rounded-down whole number of shares and the balance in cash from the Company or (ii) the rounded-up whole number of shares with a cash payment being made by the shareholder. Payment date: 13 July 2023 (whatever the option chosen).13 July 2023 (whatever the option chosen). Admission and date of entitlement to the newly shares: the newly shares issued as payment for the dividend  should the option be exercised  will be admitted to trading on the regulated market Euronext Paris. The shares will be subject to all the clauses of the Company's Articles of Association. As from their issuance  the shares will be fully assimilated to the ordinary shares forming the Company's share capital.This option may be subject to legal restrictions for shareholders who are not French residents. The latter are invited to consult their legal counsel with respect to the laws and regulations applicable in their own country of residence.1",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Korian', 'Dividend', 'Calendar', 'conditions', 'next higher euro cent', 'Annual General Meeting', 'opening share price', '2022 financial year', 'Euronext Paris', '20 trading days', 'legal restrictions', 'French residents', 'legal counsel', 'share fractions', 'share capital', 'Ex date', 'Record date', 'net amount', 'round number', 'new shares', 'ordinary shares', 'Payment date', 'Korian shares', 'cash payment', 'Company shares', '2022 Dividend', 'Calendar', 'conditions', 'document', '15 June', '21 February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', 'resolution', 'order', 'shareholders', 'possibility', 'average', 'market', 'THE', '21 June', '22 June', 'Period', 'option', '23 June', '7 July', 'Treatment', 'dividends', 'down', 'balance', 'Admission', 'entitlement', 'clauses', 'Articles', 'Association', 'issuance', 'latter', 'laws', 'regulations', 'country', 'residence', '13']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2684224/0/en/Inventiva-announces-five-scientific-presentations-at-the-EASL-International-Liver-Congress-2023.html,Inventiva announces five scientific presentations at the EASL International Liver Congress™ 2023,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  June 7  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic ste…,"English FrenchFive poster presentations showing : the correlation between the improvement of hepatic steatosis and a robust increase in adiponectin levels  improvement in lipid profile and glycemic control in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH treated with lanifibranor. the Early improvement in ALT or AST being predictive of response pattern of liver histology as well as non-invasive hepatic and cardiometabolic biomarkers observed after 24-week treatment with lanifibranor in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH. the improvement of portal hypertension and splanchnic circulation independently of fibrosis reduction and metabolic improvement following lanifibranor treatment in a mouse model of prehepatic portal hypertension. the reduction of the increased portal pressure and improvement of steatosis in a rat model of early NAFLD following a 4-week lanifibranor treatment. the greater reduction of the increased portal pressure associated with early NAFLD following lanifibranor treatment compared to the PPAR agonists α  δ or γ individually.Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  June 7  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that five abstracts have been selected for poster presentation at the upcoming International Liver Congress™ 2023 hosted by the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) on June 21-24  2023 in Vienna  Austria.The first abstract evaluates the correlation between severity and improvement of hepatic steatosis  adiponectin response  and improvement of markers of cardiometabolic health following a 24 weeks treatment with lanifibranor. Based on the results of Inventiva’s NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH  the authors analysed the correlation between the biomarkers of cardiometabolic health and hepatic steatosis  which is a marker of cardiovascular risk  in patients who were randomized to lanifibranor or placebo. The hepatic steatosis was measured by histological grading and by imaging using Controlled Attenuation Parameter (“CAPTM”) Fibroscan®. As previously shown  treatment with lanifibranor improved the hepatic steatosis and the biomarkers of cardiometabolic health  including adiponectin  insulin resistance and markers of lipid and glucose metabolism. In this analysis  these beneficial cardiometabolic effects were shown to be correlated with an improvement in steatosis both measured histologically and using CAP.The second abstract focuses on the identification of non-invasive tests as potential predictor tools of histological response or non-response to lanifibranor. Based on the data of the NATIVE trial  the authors evaluated the ability early improvements in aminotransferase levels measured after a 4-week treatment with lanifibranor to predict the histological non-responses to treatment evaluated at 24 weeks. The results demonstrated that in patients with NASH treated with lanifibranor  the absence of a 15% reduction in alanine aminotransferase (“ALT”) levels after 4 weeks of treatment was an effective tool to predict non-response on histological NASH resolution. In addition  the early decrease in ALT and aspartate aminotransferase (“AST”) after 4 weeks of treatment with lanifibranor  correlated with an improvement of non-invasive hepatic biomarkers and markers of cardiometabolic health observed after 24 weeks of treatment with lanifibranor.The third abstract evaluates the effect of lanifibranor on the portal pressure in models of hepatic and prehapetic portal hypertension. Given that portal hypertension (“PHT”) can cause severe complications in patients with advanced chronic liver disease (“ACLD”)  the authors evaluated the effect of a daily treatment with lanifibranor on portal hypertension in two mice models of portal hypertension. They demonstrated that lanifibranor reduced the portal pressure independently of fibrosis reduction or of an effect on metabolism  but through the reduction of the venous mesenteric vascular expansion and splanchnic angiogenesis  and an amelioration of the liver sinusoidal endothelial cells.The fourth abstract evaluates the effect of lanifibranor on portal pressure  endothelial dysfunction and liver histology in a rat model of early NAFLD. The authors demonstrated that in an early NAFLD-induced rat model without inflammation or fibrosis  lanifibranor treatment completely normalized the portal pressure and the trans-hepatic pressure gradient. In addition lanifibranor improved the hyperreactivity to the vasoconstrictor methoxamine and the hyporeactivity to the vasodilator acetylcholine in the NAFLD-induced rat model. In parallel  the authors also demonstrated the reduction of steatosis evaluated histologically  although not sufficient to explain the observed vascular effects.The fifth abstract compares the effect of each individual PPAR isotopes α  δ and γ to the pan-PPAR lanifibranor on the improvements of the vascular alterations and histology in a NAFLD-induced rat model. The authors demonstrated that in a rat model of early NAFLD with steatosis but no inflammation or fibrosis  treatment with Fenofibrate (PPAR-alpha agonist)  GW501516 (PPAR-delta agonist) and Rosiglitazone (PPAR-gamma) decreased the portal pressure and the transhepatic pressure gradient with a limited effect on the hepatic steatosis. The improvements on the vascular function were more pronounced with lanifibranor than with each individual PPAR agonist. These data suggest that there is an additive effect of combined PPAR agonists compared to mono-agonist leading to an greater improvement of the vascular alterations in early NAFLD.The details of the various presentations are as follows:Abstract #1 :Abstract title: ""Correlation between severity of hepatic steatosis and markers of cardiometabolic health  and effect of lanifibranor therapy in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH"" Abstract identifier: FRI-517 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors: Michael P Cooreman  Sven Francque  Philippe Huot-Marchant  Lucile Dzen  Martine Baudin  Jean-Louis Junien  Pierre Broqua  Manal F Abdelmalek Date: June 23  2023 – 9:00-18:00 (CEST)Abs tr act #2 :Abstract title: ""Early aminotransferase improvement in the phase 2b NATIVE study is predictive of response pattern of liver histology as well as hepatic and cardiometabolic health markers at the end of treatment in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH"" Abstract identifier: SAT-393 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors: Quentin M Anstee  Philippe Huot-Marchand  Lucile Dzen  Jean-Louis Junien  Pierre Broqua  Sven Francque  Manal F Abdelmalek  Michael P Cooreman  Stephen A Harrison Date: June 24  2023 – 9:00-17:00 (CEST)Abstract #3 :Abstract title: ""The pan-PPAR agonist lanifibranor decreases portal pressure in models of both hepatic and prehepatic portal hypertension"" Abstract identifier: THU-361 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors:Anneleen Heldens  Christophe Casteleyn  Louis Onghena  Milton Baoheng Antwi  Benedicte Descamps  Christian Vanhove  Xavier Verhelst  Hans Van Vlierberghe  Lindsey Devisscher  Jean-Louis Junien  Anja Geerts  Guillaume Wettstein  Sander Lefere Date: June 22  2023 – 9:00-18:30 (CEST)Abstract #4 :Abstract title: ""The pan-PPAR agonist Lanifibranor improves increased portal pressure  endothelial dysfunction and liver histology in a rat model of early NAFLD"" Abstract identifier: WED-466 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors:Shivani Chotkoe  Yao Liu  Guillaume Wettstein  Jean-Louis Junien  Luisa Vonghia  Hannah Ceuleers  Joris De Man  Benedicte De Winter  Wilhelmus J. Kwanten  Sven Francque Date: June 21  2023 – 9:00-18:00 (CEST)Abstract #5:Abstract title: ""Unraveling the individual contributions of the PPAR isotypes to the pan-PPAR agonist Lanifibranorinduced improvements of the vascular alterations and liver histology in a rat model of early NAFLD"" Abstract identifier: WED-523 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors:Shivani Chotkoe  Yao Liu  Guillaume Wettstein  Jean-Louis Junien  Luisa Vonghia  Hannah Ceuleers  Joris De Man  Benedicte De Winter  Wilhelmus J. Kwanten  Sven Francque Date: June 21  2023 – 9:00-18:00 (CEST)Inventiva will also be present with a booth and we are inviting you to visit us from Wednesday  June 21st until Saturday  June 24th at booth #19 located in the exhibition hall of the conference center.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.13,0.57,True,English,"['EASL International Liver Congress™', 'five scientific presentations', 'Inventiva', 'NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'venous mesenteric vascular expansion', 'upcoming International Liver Congress™', 'advanced chronic liver disease', 'liver sinusoidal endothelial cells', 'early NAFLD-induced rat model', 'Long Island City', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Controlled Attenuation Parameter', 'potential predictor tools', 'ability early improvements', 'trans-hepatic pressure gradient', 'Five poster presentations', 'two mice models', 'beneficial cardiometabolic effects', 'prehepatic portal hypertension', 'prehapetic portal hypertension', 'NATIVE trial', 'non-invasive hepatic biomarkers', 'vascular effects', '4-week lanifibranor treatment', 'endothelial dysfunction', 'liver histology', 'mouse model', 'five abstracts', 'non-invasive tests', 'early decrease', 'portal pressure', 'cardiometabolic health', '4-week treatment', 'English French', 'robust increase', 'splanchnic circulation', 'PPAR agonists', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'other diseases', 'European Association', 'first abstract', 'cardiovascular risk', 'histological grading', 'insulin resistance', 'second abstract', 'aminotransferase levels', 'histological non-responses', 'alanine aminotransferase', 'effective tool', 'aspartate aminotransferase', 'third abstract', 'severe complications', 'splanchnic angiogenesis', 'fourth abstract', 'vasoconstrictor methoxamine', 'vasodilator acetylcholine', 'fifth abstract', 'individual PPAR', 'cardiometabolic biomarkers', 'adiponectin levels', 'daily treatment', 'hepatic steatosis', 'lipid profile', 'cirrhotic NASH', 'glucose metabolism', 'NASH resolution', 'greater reduction', 'response pattern', 'ALT”) levels', 'metabolic improvement', 'fibrosis reduction', 'adiponectin response', '24 weeks treatment', '15% reduction', 'correlation', 'patients', 'AST', 'Daix', 'France', 'June', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'Study', 'EASL', 'Vienna', 'Austria', 'severity', 'results', 'authors', 'placebo', 'imaging', 'CAPTM', 'Fibroscan®', 'analysis', 'identification', 'data', 'absence', 'addition', 'PHT', 'ACLD', 'amelioration', 'inflammation', 'hyperreactivity', 'hyporeactivity', 'parallel', 'pan-PPAR', 'α']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Biotalys-Strengthens-Relationship-with-Investors-via-Private-Placement-of-New-Shares-for-7-million-44055183/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Biotalys Strengthens Relationship with Investors via Private Placement of New Shares for 7 million,(marketscreener.com) Ghent  BELGIUM  June 07  2023 -- Press release - Regulated information - Inside Information Biotalys NV   an Agricultural Technology company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  today announced that …,"Ghent  BELGIUM  June 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release - Regulated information - Inside InformationBiotalys NV (Euronext Brussel : BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  today announced that it has successfully obtained subscription commitments for an amount of EUR 7 million by means of a private investment in a public equity (“PIPE”). The transaction involves the issue of 1 135 257 new shares (being approximately 3.67% of the Company’s shares outstanding prior to the transaction) at an issue price of EUR 6.166 per share representing a premium of approximately 1% compared to the closing price of the Biotalys share on Euronext Brussels on Tuesday 6 June 2023.Investors are the existing shareholders Agri Investment Fund BV (“AIF”) and the Belgian Sovereign Wealth Fund Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij NV (“SFPIM”). AIF is the private equity and venture capital fund of the Belgian Farmers Union (Boerenbond) focusing on Ag-Tech and Agro-Food companies that contribute to a stronger and more sustainable agriculture and horticulture. AIF’s participation in the present capital increase is in line with its ambition to support companies to bring their innovations to the agricultural market. To further strengthen the relationship with AIF  Biotalys will propose its shareholders to nominate AIF’s CEO Patrik Haesen to join the Board of Directors of Biotalys.Patrik Haesen  CEO of AIF  commented: “We strongly believe that farmers in Belgium and around the world require new tools to protect their yields while reducing the impact on the environment. We have supported Biotalys since its inception and today want to further build our position as a committed partner with a long-term vision  who can provide financial support as well as a large network and professional advice on various agricultural sectors.”Patrice Sellès  Biotalys CEO  said: ""After validating our approach with multiple collaborations  including through the recent strategic partnership with Syngenta  we welcome the additional support of current shareholders  bringing us another step closer to our ultimate goal of providing growers all over the world  and particularly in our home country Belgium  with innovative and cost-efficient solutions.”Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective biocontrol products with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. The pipeline is based on its proprietary AGROBODY™ technology platform  enabling the discovery and development of a variety of solutions against multiple targets such as fungi  harmful insects and bacteria that cause significant crop losses.Biotalys currently intends to use the proceeds of the private placement as follows:To further develop and advance the Company’s pipeline  including discovery and development  aimed at increasing the number of programs within crop protection and the food value chain  potentially also through partnerships;To fund continuous platform development and intellectual property capture to maintain the competitiveness and increase the efficiency of Biotalys’ AGROBODY Foundry™ platform;To support the market calibration of its first product candidate Evoca™ and preparation of future commercial launch with field trials  manufacturing scale up and regulatory approvals;To support acquisition of key talents.The payment and delivery of the new shares is scheduled to take place on Monday 12 June 2023. Following such date  the new shares will also be listed on Euronext Brussels. These new shares will have the same rights and benefits as  and rank pari passu in all respects with  the existing and outstanding shares of Biotalys at the moment of their issuance.As a result of the issuance of new shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with EUR 1 634 136 from EUR 44 564 320 to EUR 46 198 456 and its issued and outstanding shares will increase from 30 959 454 to 32 094 711 shares  representing an increase of number of shares outstanding of 3.67%.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant noticesThis announcement is for informational purposes only and is directed only at persons who are located outside the United States. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares or any other security and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in the United States or in any jurisdiction in which  or to any persons to whom  such offering  solicitation or sale would be unlawful. The shares have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction  and may not be offered or sold within the United States  or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws. Accordingly  the shares are being offered and sold (i) in the United States only to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act and (ii) in “offshore transactions” to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act. There is no assurance that the offering will be completed or  if completed  as to the terms on which it will be completed.This announcement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the shares in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) is or will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the shares. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) any implementing measure in each relevant Member State of the EEA.This announcement is only addressed to and directed at persons in Member States of the EEA who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation  or such other investors as shall not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of Article 3.1 of the Prospectus Regulation.The offer  sale and admission to trading of the shares will be made pursuant to an exception under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers or admissions to trading of securities. This press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation or an offer to the public.The distribution of this press release into certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the laws of any such jurisdiction.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.13,0.19,True,English,"['Private Placement', 'New Shares', 'Biotalys', 'Investors', 'Belgian Sovereign Wealth Fund Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij NV', 'existing shareholders Agri Investment Fund BV', 'proprietary AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Biotalys’ AGROBODY Foundry™ platform', 'venture capital fund', 'Belgian Farmers Union', 'effective biocontrol products', 'Patrice Sellès', 'recent strategic partnership', 'favorable safety profile', 'intellectual property capture', 'first product candidate', 'future commercial launch', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'continuous platform development', 'significant crop losses', 'various agricultural sectors', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', 'present capital increase', 'food value chain', 'Biotalys NV', 'private investment', 'Agricultural Technology', 'current shareholders', 'key talents', 'cost-efficient solutions', 'crop protection', 'share capital', 'food protection', 'agricultural market', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'Euronext Brussel', 'subscription commitments', 'public equity', 'closing price', 'private equity', 'Patrik Haesen', 'new tools', 'committed partner', 'long-term vision', 'financial support', 'large network', 'professional advice', 'multiple collaborations', 'additional support', 'ultimate goal', 'home country', 'multiple targets', 'harmful insects', 'private placement', 'market calibration', 'field trials', 'regulatory approvals', 'same rights', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Communication T', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'More information', '1,135,257 new shares', 'outstanding shares', 'Tuesday 6 June', 'Monday 12 June', 'issue price', 'Agro-Food companies', 'sustainable agriculture', 'diverse pipeline', 'Biotalys share', 'Biotalys CEO', 'AgTech) company', '32,094,711 shares', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'BTLS', 'amount', 'means', 'transaction', 'premium', 'Investors', 'AIF', 'SFPIM', 'Boerenbond', 'Ag-Tech', 'stronger', 'horticulture', 'participation', 'ambition', 'innovations', 'relationship', 'Board', 'Directors', 'world', 'yields', 'impact', 'environment', 'inception', 'position', 'approach', 'Syngenta', 'growers', 'innovative', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'discovery', 'variety', 'fungi', 'bacteria', 'proceeds', 'number', 'programs', 'partnerships', 'competitiveness', 'efficiency', 'Evoca™', 'preparation', 'manufacturing', 'acquisition', 'payment', 'delivery', 'benefits', 'passu', 'respects', 'moment', 'issuance', 'result', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Head']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2683453/0/en/VALNEVA-Declaration-of-shares-and-voting-rights-May-31-2023.html,VALNEVA - Declaration of shares and voting rights: May 31  2023,VALNEVA  Declaration of shares and voting rightsMay 31  2023__________________________________________________________________________________________ ......,English FrenchVALNEVADeclaration of shares and voting rightsMay 31  2023__________________________________________________________________________________________Company name: VALNEVARegistered office: 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain (France)Regulated market of Euronext Paris - Compartment BDeclaration date: June 7  2023Number of sharescomposing the share capital of Valneva Total number of voting rights including suspended voting rights* Description of the change Date on which this change was recognized Total number of voting rights excluding suspended voting rights**138 896 600ordinary shares with a par value of €0.15 each 161 012 263Double voting rights granted on 7 355 ordinary sharesConversion of 549 632 free ordinary shares into ordinary sharesTransfer of 10 shares with double voting rights into bearer formSale of 500 000 shares with double voting rightsBetween May 3 & May 31  2023May 10  2023May 12  2023Between May 25 & May 30  2023160 887 941___________________________* Theoretical voting rights. This number is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.** Net (or exercisable at a General Meeting) voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['voting rights', 'Declaration', 'shares', 'May', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Double voting rights', 'Theoretical voting rights', '549,632 free ordinary shares', 'General Meeting', 'English French', 'Company name', 'Registered office', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment B', 'share capital', 'par value', 'bearer form', 'threshold crossings', '7,355 ordinary shares', 'Declaration date', 'change Date', 'Total number', '10 shares', '500,000 shares', 'May', '44800 Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'June', 'Valneva', 'Description', 'Conversion', 'Transfer', 'Sale', 'basis', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-acquires-U-S-AI-enabled-drug-diversion-detection-software-44063067/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Wolters Kluwer acquires U.S. AI-enabled drug diversion detection software,(marketscreener.com) Technology leader seeks to help tackle growing drug diversion challenge in the U.S.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-acquires-U-S-AI-enabled-drug-diversion-detection-software-44063067/?u…,Technology leader seeks to help tackle growing drug diversion challenge in the U.S.Wolters Kluwer Health today announced it has signed and completed the acquisition of Invistics Corporation (Invistics)  a U.S.-based provider of cloud-based  AI-enabled software for drug diversion detection and controlled substance compliance. Invistics will join the company’s Clinical Surveillance  Compliance & Data Solutions unit  part of Clinical Solutions.Invistics’ solution  Flowlytics  uses predictive analytics to detect illicit diversion of both controlled and non-controlled medications in patient care settings such as hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers. Drug diversion is a growing challenge in the U.S. healthcare system  costing some $70 billion per year. One study estimates 10% to 15% of health professionals will misuse drugs or alcohol at some point in their career  increasing the risk for drug diversion.¹ Drug diversion occurs when a healthcare worker illegally obtains or uses prescription drugs intended for a patient.Flowlytics reconciles drug transactions from purchase to patient and uses AI to rapidly and accurately identify patterns of behavior consistent with drug diversion. A five-year National Institutes of Health-funded study found that Flowlytics detected cases of drug diversion faster and with more efficiency than legacy solutions.² In addition to detection  the solution also supports diversion investigation  adjudication  and reporting workflows.“Invistics’ advanced technology solution fits perfectly with our existing offerings  such as Simplifi+® and Sentri7®  which help customers achieve optimal clinical outcomes and regulatory compliance ” commented Karen Kobelski  Vice President and General Manager for Clinical Surveillance  Compliance & Data Solutions at Wolters Kluwer Health. “Our efforts to help health systems deploy effective pharmacy surveillance and compliance programs to reduce patient risk are further enhanced by incorporating the Invistics solution.”“Invistics is recognized as a leader in innovative approaches for drug diversion detection and controlled substance compliance. We are excited to join Wolters Kluwer Health—our shared commitment to patient safety makes this a natural home for Invistics ” commented Tom Knight  Founder and Chief Executive Officer  Invistics.Invistics  founded in 1999  is based in Atlanta  GA. Wolters Kluwer expects the acquisition to deliver a return on invested capital (ROIC) above its weighted average cost of capital (8%) within 3-5 years and expects the transaction to have an immaterial impact on adjusted earnings.¹ Baldisseri MR. Impaired healthcare professional. Crit Care Med. 2007 Feb;35(2 Suppl):S106-16. doi: 10.1097/01.CCM.0000252918.87746.96. PMID: 17242598. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17242598/² Tom Knight  MS  MS and others  Detecting drug diversion in health-system data using machine learning and advanced analytics  American Journal of Health-System Pharmacy  Volume 79  Issue 16  15 August 2022  Pages 1345–1354  https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35136913/About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.For more information about our solutions  visit https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/health and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter @WKHealthForward-looking statements and other important legal informationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Certain trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230607005593/en/,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.44,0.06,0.5,True,English,"['U.S. AI-enabled drug diversion detection software', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'U.S.-based provider', 'U.S. healthcare system', 'other important legal information', 'growing drug diversion challenge', 'Invistics’ advanced technology solution', 'ambulatory surgery centers', 'five-year National Institutes', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'weighted average cost', 'Crit Care Med', 'deep domain knowledge', 'new ICT systems', 'optimal clinical outcomes', 'cloud-based, AI-enabled software', 'effective pharmacy surveillance', 'patient care settings', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'general economic conditions', 'controlled substance compliance', 'Data Solutions unit', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'drug diversion detection', 'growing challenge', 'health systems', 'advanced analytics', 'American Journal', 'Clinical Surveillance', 'specialized technology', 'General Manager', 'Health-System Pharmacy', 'drug transactions', 'illicit diversion', 'diversion investigation', 'Clinical Solutions', 'health-system data', 'Technology leader', 'healthcare worker', 'healthcare professional', 'health professionals', 'predictive analytics', 'One study', 'Health-funded study', 'legacy solutions', 'reporting workflows', 'existing offerings', 'Karen Kobelski', 'Vice President', 'compliance programs', 'innovative approaches', 'Tom Knight', '3-5 years', 'immaterial impact', 'adjusted earnings', '¹ Baldisseri MR', 'machine learning', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'Invistics’ solution', 'Invistics solution', 'Forward-looking statements', 'patient safety', 'global leader', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'Invistics Corporation', 'prescription drugs', 'regulatory compliance', 'patient risk', 'acquisition', 'company', 'part', 'Flowlytics', 'hospitals', 'alcohol', 'point', 'career', 'purchase', 'patterns', 'behavior', 'cases', 'efficiency', 'addition', 'Simplifi+®', 'Sentri7', 'customers', 'efforts', 'commitment', 'Founder', 'Atlanta', 'return', 'invested', 'capital', 'ROIC', '2 Suppl', 'CCM', 'ncbi', 'others', 'Volume', 'Issue', 'Pages', 'WKL', 'services', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'wolterskluwer', 'WKHealth', 'words', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'events', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsour', '15']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2684081/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-acquires-U-S-AI-enabled-drug-diversion-detection-software.html,Wolters Kluwer acquires U.S. AI-enabled drug diversion detection software,Wolters Kluwer acquires U.S. AI-enabled drug diversion detection software  Technology leader seeks to help tackle growing drug diversion challenge in...,Wolters Kluwer acquires U.S. AI-enabled drug diversion detection softwareTechnology leader seeks to help tackle growing drug diversion challenge in the U.S.Waltham  MA – June 7  2023 – Wolters Kluwer Health today announced it has signed and completed the acquisition of Invistics Corporation (Invistics)  a U.S.-based provider of cloud-based  AI-enabled software for drug diversion detection and controlled substance compliance. Invistics will join the company’s Clinical Surveillance  Compliance & Data Solutions unit  part of Clinical Solutions.Invistics’ solution  Flowlytics  uses predictive analytics to detect illicit diversion of both controlled and non-controlled medications in patient care settings such as hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers. Drug diversion is a growing challenge in the U.S. healthcare system  costing some $70 billion per year. One study estimates 10% to 15% of health professionals will misuse drugs or alcohol at some point in their career  increasing the risk for drug diversion.¹ Drug diversion occurs when a healthcare worker illegally obtains or uses prescription drugs intended for a patient.Flowlytics reconciles drug transactions from purchase to patient and uses AI to rapidly and accurately identify patterns of behavior consistent with drug diversion. A five-year National Institutes of Health-funded study found that Flowlytics detected cases of drug diversion faster and with more efficiency than legacy solutions.² In addition to detection  the solution also supports diversion investigation  adjudication  and reporting workflows.“Invistics’ advanced technology solution fits perfectly with our existing offerings  such as Simplifi+® and Sentri7®  which help customers achieve optimal clinical outcomes and regulatory compliance ” commented Karen Kobelski   Vice President and General Manager for Clinical Surveillance  Compliance & Data Solutions at Wolters Kluwer Health. “Our efforts to help health systems deploy effective pharmacy surveillance and compliance programs to reduce patient risk are further enhanced by incorporating the Invistics solution.”“Invistics is recognized as a leader in innovative approaches for drug diversion detection and controlled substance compliance. We are excited to join Wolters Kluwer Health—our shared commitment to patient safety makes this a natural home for Invistics ” commented Tom Knight  Founder and Chief Executive Officer  Invistics.Invistics  founded in 1999  is based in Atlanta  GA. Wolters Kluwer expects the acquisition to deliver a return on invested capital (ROIC) above its weighted average cost of capital (8%) within 3-5 years and expects the transaction to have an immaterial impact on adjusted earnings.¹ Baldisseri MR. Impaired healthcare professional. Crit Care Med. 2007 Feb;35(2 Suppl):S106-16. doi: 10.1097/01.CCM.0000252918.87746.96. PMID: 17242598. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17242598/² Tom Knight  MS  MS and others  Detecting drug diversion in health-system data using machine learning and advanced analytics  American Journal of Health-System Pharmacy  Volume 79  Issue 16  15 August 2022  Pages 1345–1354  https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35136913/###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .Media Health Media Investors/Analysts André Rebelo Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Health External CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Investor RelationsWolters Kluwer t +1 (781) 392-2411 t +44 7765-391-824 t +31 172 641 407 andre.rebelo@wolterskluwer.com press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comFor more information about our solutions  visit https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/health and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter @WKHealthForward-looking statements and other important legal informationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Certain trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.36,0.18,0.46,True,English,"['U.S. AI-enabled drug diversion detection software', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Analysts André Rebelo Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications', 'U.S. AI-enabled drug diversion detection software Technology leader', 'Wolters Kluwer Health External Communications', 'U.S.-based provider', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Media Health Media Investors', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'U.S. healthcare system', 'Wolters Kluwer Investor Relations', 'cloud-based, AI-enabled software', 'other important legal information', 'growing drug diversion challenge', 'Invistics’ advanced technology solution', 'ambulatory surgery centers', 'five-year National Institutes', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Crit Care Med', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Wolters Kluwer t', 'optimal clinical outcomes', 'effective pharmacy surveillance', 'patient care settings', 'Data Solutions unit', 'controlled substance compliance', 'specialized technology', 'growing challenge', 'global leader', 'health systems', 'drug transactions', 'advanced analytics', 'American Journal', 'illicit diversion', 'diversion investigation', 'Clinical Surveillance', 'health professionals', 'Health-System Pharmacy', 'Clinical Solutions', 'health-system data', 'controlled medications', 'healthcare worker', 'healthcare professional', 'predictive analytics', 'One study', 'Health-funded study', 'legacy solutions', 'reporting workflows', 'existing offerings', 'Karen Kobelski', 'Vice President', 'General Manager', 'compliance programs', 'innovative approaches', 'Tom Knight', 'average cost', '3-5 years', 'immaterial impact', 'adjusted earnings', '¹ Baldisseri MR.', 'machine learning', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'similar expressions', 'actual res', 'Invistics’ solution', 'Invistics solution', 'patient safety', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'Invistics Corporation', 'prescription drugs', 'regulatory compliance', 'patient risk', 'Waltham', 'June', 'acquisition', 'company', 'part', 'Flowlytics', 'hospitals', 'alcohol', 'point', 'career', 'purchase', 'patterns', 'behavior', 'cases', 'efficiency', 'addition', 'Simplifi+®', 'Sentri7', 'customers', 'efforts', 'commitment', 'Founder', 'Atlanta', 'return', 'invested', 'capital', 'ROIC', 'weighted', '2 Suppl', 'CCM', 'ncbi', 'others', 'Volume', 'Issue', 'Pages', 'WKL', 'services', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'wolterskluwer', 'WKHealth', 'words', 'risks', 'uncertainties']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/teleperformance-applauded-by-frost--sullivan-for-delivering-optimal-customer-care-and-drastically-decreasing-costs-for-clients-and-for-leadership-position-301843391.html,Teleperformance Applauded by Frost & Sullivan for Delivering Optimal Customer Care and Drastically Decreasing Costs for Clients  and for Leadership Position,Teleperformance stands out in the German CX outsourcing services market for its solid near/offshore capabilities in multilingual hubs in Croatia  Kosovo  North Macedonia  Bosnia  and Herzegovina. SAN ANTONIO  June 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Frost & Sullivan rece…,"Teleperformance stands out in the German CX outsourcing services market for its solid near/offshore capabilities in multilingual hubs in Croatia  Kosovo  North Macedonia  Bosnia  and Herzegovina.SAN ANTONIO  June 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Frost & Sullivan recently researched the German customer experience (CX) outsourcing services industry and  based on its findings  recognizes Teleperformance with the 2023 German Company of the Year Award. The company leads the European CX outsourcing market and supports ongoing innovation and sustained leadership  to remain an industry pioneer in omnichannel customer care and a trusted partner. Teleperformance creates valuable solutions for its clients  blending human touch  diversity and inclusion with innovative digital business services to upgrade customer care with the philosophy that ""each interaction matters."" The company's vision connects deep-seated domain and operational knowledge with advanced products and capabilities to help its experts deliver for clients enhanced CX  and cost and time reductions while increasing efficiency.Teleperformance has gained significant expertise in four influential industry verticals  including banking and financial services  insurance  healthcare  retail and eCommerce  with established verticalized solutions and a strong focus on solution adaptability. With a legacy of market leadership in many European countries  the company offers a compelling value proposition that underpins its sustained success. Teleperformance has developed robust digital and non-voice offerings to expand its product portfolio with emerging tools  such as artificial intelligence (AI)  thus offering real-time monitoring  analytics reporting  content moderation  and fraud detection and prevention.According to Valentina Barcia  Best Practices Research Analyst at Frost & Sullivan  ""Teleperformance has held high growth rates in the past and has a solid growth pipeline for the future. For instance  Teleperformance considerably grew in the German CX outsourcing market  positioning itself as a top competitor  with 4.1% of the market share in 2021.""Teleperformance has partnered with many strategic technology providers to orchestrate the best and most tailored solutions for each client. The company regularly enhances its solutions and offers subject matter expertise to ensure optimal performance and to enrich its product portfolio. Since its inception  Teleperformance has maintained a sterling reputation and customer-centric framework  providing it with a competitive edge in the customer care arena  leading to its coveted preferred partner status. An impressive growth momentum and trajectory are a testament to Teleperformance's product leadership  earning client trust and loyalty and enabling the company to capture market share.""Teleperformance offers a bespoke journey and a comprehensive product portfolio  excelling in the German CX outsourcing services market with innovative capabilities to improve agents' productivity. Its strong operational performance and multilingual hubs increase operational efficiency and optimize budgets. It remains a trusted partner  earning a reputation for offering the best in the CX space "" added Sebastian Menutti  Industry Principal at Frost & Sullivan. With its strong overall performance  Teleperformance earns the 2023 Frost & Sullivan German Company of the Year Award in the CX outsourcing services industry.Each year  Frost & Sullivan presents a Company of the Year award to the organization that demonstrates excellence in terms of growth strategy and implementation in its field. The award recognizes a high degree of innovation with products and technologies and the resulting leadership in terms of customer value and market penetration.Frost & Sullivan Best Practices Awards recognize companies in various regional and global markets for demonstrating outstanding achievement and superior performance in leadership  technological innovation  customer service  and strategic product development. Industry analysts compare market participants and measure performance through in-depth interviews  analyses  and extensive secondary research to identify best practices in the industry.About Frost & SullivanFor six decades  Frost & Sullivan has been world-renowned for its role in helping investors  corporate leaders  and governments navigate economic changes and identify disruptive technologies  Mega Trends  new business models  and companies to action  resulting in a continuous flow of growth opportunities to drive future success. Contact us: Start the discussion.Contact:Tammy Chantammy.chan@frost.comAbout Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group's global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million. Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2093877/Frost_and_Sullivan_Teleperformance__Germany_COY_Award_Logo.jpgSOURCE Frost & Sullivan",neutral,0.34,0.66,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Optimal Customer Care', 'Leadership Position', 'Teleperformance', 'Frost', 'Sullivan', 'Costs', 'Clients', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'German CX outsourcing services market', 'German CX outsourcing market', 'European CX outsourcing market', 'four influential industry verticals', 'CX outsourcing services industry', 'many strategic technology providers', 'Best Practices Research Analyst', 'innovative digital business services', 'many European countries', 'extensive secondary research', 'German customer experience', 'comprehensive product portfolio', 'new business models', 'strategic product development', 'solid growth pipeline', 'impressive growth momentum', '2023 Frost & Sullivan German Company', 'compelling value proposition', 'subject matter expertise', 'Best Practices Awards', 'omnichannel customer care', 'customer care arena', 'front-office customer care', 'preferred partner status', 'high growth rates', 'solid near/offshore capabilities', 'enhanced customer care', 'strong overall performance', 'strong operational performance', 'enhanced CX', 'customer service', 'CX space', 'financial services', '2023 German Company', 'customer value', 'market share', 'market penetration', 'market participants', 'robust digital', 'innovative capabilities', 'advanced technology', 'market leadership', 'strong focus', 'growth strategy', 'growth opportunities', 'significant expertise', 'high degree', 'industry pioneer', 'Industry Principal', 'Industry analysts', 'trusted partner', 'operational knowledge', 'optimal performance', 'product leadership', 'superior performance', 'multilingual hubs', 'North Macedonia', 'SAN ANTONIO', 'human touch', 'deep-seated domain', 'time reductions', 'solution adaptability', 'sustained success', 'non-voice offerings', 'emerging tools', 'artificial intelligence', 'real-time monitoring', 'analytics reporting', 'content moderation', 'fraud detection', 'Valentina Barcia', 'top competitor', 'customer-centric framework', 'competitive edge', 'bespoke journey', ""agents' productivity"", 'Sebastian Menutti', 'various regional', 'global markets', 'outstanding achievement', 'depth interviews', 'six decades', 'corporate leaders', 'economic changes', 'Mega Trends', 'continuous flow', 'global leader', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'The Group', 'back-office fu', 'operational efficiency', 'sustained leadership', 'resulting leadership', 'Year Award', 'valuable solutions', 'verticalized solutions', 'tailored solutions', 'ongoing innovation', 'technological innovation', 'advanced products', 'sterling reputation', 'client trust', 'disruptive technologies', 'future success', 'Tammy Chan', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance Group', 'Croatia', 'Kosovo', 'Bosnia', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'findings', 'clients', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'philosophy', 'interaction', 'vision', 'experts', 'cost', 'banking', 'insurance', 'healthcare', 'retail', 'eCommerce', 'legacy', 'prevention', 'past', 'instance', 'inception', 'trajectory', 'testament', 'loyalty', 'budgets', 'organization', 'excellence', 'terms', 'implementation', 'field', 'companies', 'analyses', 'role', 'investors', 'governments', 'discussion', 'Contact', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,prnewswire.co.uk
25859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-publishes-Corporate-Governance-Report-for-financial-year-2022-44063736/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,VEON publishes Corporate Governance Report for financial year 2022,(marketscreener.com) VEON publishes Corporate Governance Report for financial year 2022 Amsterdam  7 June 2023 – VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides connectivity and online services   today announces that it has published its Corporate Governa…,VEON publishes Corporate Governance Report for financial year 2022Amsterdam  7 June 2023 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides connectivity and online services (“VEON” or the “Company”)  today announces that it has published its Corporate Governance Report  June 2023 (the “Report”) for the year ended 31 December 2022 on the Reports and Results section of the Company’s website at https://www.veon.com/investors/reports-results/reports-results/?category=annual-reports-20f.The Report provides the Company’s stakeholders with certain pertinent information ahead of the 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders scheduled for 29 June 2023  including progress on our Digital Operator strategy and details of the Company’s corporate governance structure  the Board of Directors’ nominees for appointment to the Company’s Board and an unaudited remuneration report for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam. For more information visit: www.veon.com.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s timeline for publication of its annual report and compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the initiatives referred to above will be successful.VEON’s results presented in the Report are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this Report is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein  including that used in the remuneration report  is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified.Contact informationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Corporate Governance Report', 'financial year', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'global digital operator', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'corporate governance structure', 'six dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', '2023 annual general meeting', 'financial closing procedures', 'Corporate Governance Report', 'internal management accounts', 'Nasdaq listing requirements', 'unaudited remuneration report', 'annual report', 'financial information', 'online services', 'The Report', 'Directors’ nominees', '160 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'pertinent information', 'Contact information', 'financial year', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'converged connectivity', 'unanticipated events', 'inherent uncertainties', 'VEON Ltd', 'Results section', 'statements', '7 June', 'Company', 'Reports', 'website', 'investors', 'stakeholders', 'shareholders', '29 June', 'progress', 'details', 'Board', 'appointment', 'Group', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'timeline', 'publication', 'compliance', 'risks', 'accuracy', 'date', 'forward', 'circumstances', 'assurance', 'initiatives', 'IFRS', 'number', 'assumptions', 'responsibility', '2022']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2683432/0/en/LEXIBOOK-LICENCE-CONTRACT-EXTENSIONS-IN-THE-USA.html,LEXIBOOK: LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS IN THE USA,Les Ulis  7 June 2023 at 7.00 am    LEXIBOOK: LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS IN THE USA  LEXIBOOK has announced that it has signed an agreement with...,English FrenchLes Ulis  7 June 2023 at 7.00 amLEXIBOOK: LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS IN THE USALEXIBOOK has announced that it has signed an agreement with Viacom International and Warner to extend its European licence agreements for the US and Canadian sales territories.The properties concerned are world-famous iconic licences with high potential: Patrol  Batman and Harry Potter. The extension covers all US distributors and some of the categories for which the Group has rights in Europe.These promising new partnerships are in line with the Group's international development policy and mark an important step in its development on the American and Canadian markets. Lexibook is currently in advanced negotiations on other licensing partnerships  which will be announced as soon as they are signed.Financial calendar 2022/2023Annual results to 31 March 2023: 30 June 2023Availability of the Universal Registration Document on 31 March 2023: 30 June 2023About LexibookLexibook®  owner of more than 40 registered brands such as Powerman®  Decotech®  Karaoke Micro Star®  Chessman®  Cyber Arcade®  Lexitab®  iParty®  FlashBoom®  etc.  is the leader in intelligent electronic leisure products for children. This success is based on a proven strategy of combining strong international licences with high value-added consumer electronics products. This strategy  complemented by a policy of constant innovation  enables the Group to flourish internationally and to constantly develop new product ranges under the Group's brands. With over 35 million products on the market  the company now sells a product every 10 seconds worldwide! Lexibook's share capital is made up of 7 763 319 shares listed on the Alternext market in Paris (Euronext). ISIN: FR0000033599 - ALLEX; ICB: 3743 - Consumer electronics. For further information: www.lexibook.com and www.decotech-lights.com.ContactsLEXIBOOK David Martins - DAF - 01 73 23 23 45 / davidmartins@lexibook.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS', 'LEXIBOOK', 'THE', 'USA', 'high value-added consumer electronics products', 'intelligent electronic leisure products', 'LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS', 'European licence agreements', 'famous iconic licences', 'promising new partnerships', 'other licensing partnerships', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Karaoke Micro Star®', 'strong international licences', 'Canadian sales territories', 'new product ranges', 'LEXIBOOK David Martins', 'international development policy', '35 million products', 'high potential', 'Viacom International', 'Canadian markets', 'English French', 'Les Ulis', 'Harry Potter', 'important step', 'advanced negotiations', 'Financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'Cyber Arcade®', 'constant innovation', 'share capital', 'US distributors', '40 registered brands', 'proven strategy', 'Alternext market', 'Lexibook®', '7 June', 'USA', 'Warner', 'properties', 'world', 'Patrol', 'Batman', 'categories', 'Group', 'rights', 'line', 'American', '31 March', '30 June', 'Availability', 'owner', 'Powerman®', 'Decotech®', 'Chessman®', 'Lexitab®', 'iParty®', 'FlashBoom®', 'leader', 'children', 'success', 'company', '7,763,319 shares', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'ALLEX', 'ICB', 'information', 'Contacts', 'DAF', 'Attachment', '7.00']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CGG-4653/news/Sercel-Delivers-Additional-508XT-System-for-Mega-Crew-Seismic-Surveys-in-North-Africa-44055273/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Sercel Delivers Additional 508XT System for Mega-Crew Seismic Surveys in North Africa,(marketscreener.com) Paris  France – June 7  2023 CGG announced today that Sercel has confirmed a major sale and the imminent delivery of a 60 000-channel 508XT land acquisition system and 25 VE464 advanced digital vibrator control sets to a major North Afric…,Paris  France – June 7  2023CGG announced today that Sercel has confirmed a major sale and the imminent delivery of a 60 000-channel 508XT land acquisition system and 25 VE464 advanced digital vibrator control sets to a major North African geophysical services provider. The equipment will be deployed on a 3D mega-crew project in harsh terrain and desert conditions in North Africa and further strengthens Sercel’s well-established presence in this region.With its flexible design  the 508XT solution can adapt to any field configuration and conditions  from small to mega-crew projects in desert  arctic  forest  agricultural  urban and transition zones. The VE464 control system uses the most advanced technology to provide the highest levels of control and accuracy. When used in combination with the 508XT  unprecedented levels of production can be achieved.Emmanuelle Dubu  Sercel CEO  said: “This contract is the latest in a long series of awards highlighting our strong collaboration with our client and positioning our 508XT system as the benchmark for seismic surveys in North Africa. By delivering both the highest productivity and highest-quality data without compromise  the 508XT and VE464 systems are perfectly suited to support clients in achieving the clearest images of the subsurface in the region.”About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.81,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['Additional 508XT System', 'Mega-Crew Seismic Surveys', 'North Africa', 'Sercel', 'major North African geophysical services provider', '25 VE464 advanced digital vibrator control sets', '60,000-channel 508XT land acquisition system', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'The VE464 control system', 'Contacts Group Communications', '3D mega-crew project', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'major sale', 'advanced technology', 'VE464 systems', '508XT system', 'transition zones', 'mega-crew projects', '508XT solution', 'imminent delivery', 'harsh terrain', 'flexible design', 'field configuration', 'arctic, forest', 'highest levels', 'unprecedented levels', 'Emmanuelle Dubu', 'long series', 'strong collaboration', 'seismic surveys', 'highest productivity', 'highest-quality data', 'clearest images', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'desert conditions', 'Christophe Barnini', 'Sercel CEO', 'France', 'June', 'CGG', 'equipment', 'presence', 'region', 'small', 'agricultural', 'urban', 'accuracy', 'combination', 'production', 'contract', 'awards', 'client', 'benchmark', 'compromise', 'subsurface', 'products', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEXIBOOK-LINGUISTIQUE-ELE-23219349/news/LEXIBOOK-LICENCE-CONTRACT-EXTENSIONS-IN-THE-USA-44055170/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,LEXIBOOK: LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS IN THE USA,(marketscreener.com) Les Ulis  7 June 2023 at 7.00 am LEXIBOOK: LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS IN THE USA LEXIBOOK has announced that it has signed an agreement with Viacom International and Warner to extend its European licence agreements for the US and Canadia…,Les Ulis  7 June 2023 at 7.00 amLEXIBOOK: LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS IN THE USALEXIBOOK has announced that it has signed an agreement with Viacom International and Warner to extend its European licence agreements for the US and Canadian sales territories.The properties concerned are world-famous iconic licences with high potential: Patrol  Batman and Harry Potter. The extension covers all US distributors and some of the categories for which the Group has rights in Europe.These promising new partnerships are in line with the Group's international development policy and mark an important step in its development on the American and Canadian markets. Lexibook is currently in advanced negotiations on other licensing partnerships  which will be announced as soon as they are signed.Financial calendar 2022/2023Annual results to 31 March 2023: 30 June 2023Availability of the Universal Registration Document on 31 March 2023: 30 June 2023About LexibookLexibook®  owner of more than 40 registered brands such as Powerman®  Decotech®  Karaoke Micro Star®  Chessman®  Cyber Arcade®  Lexitab®  iParty®  FlashBoom®  etc.  is the leader in intelligent electronic leisure products for children. This success is based on a proven strategy of combining strong international licences with high value-added consumer electronics products. This strategy  complemented by a policy of constant innovation  enables the Group to flourish internationally and to constantly develop new product ranges under the Group's brands. With over 35 million products on the market  the company now sells a product every 10 seconds worldwide! Lexibook's share capital is made up of 7 763 319 shares listed on the Alternext market in Paris (Euronext). ISIN: FR0000033599 - ALLEX; ICB: 3743 - Consumer electronics. For further information: www.lexibook.com and www.decotech-lights.com.ContactsLEXIBOOK David Martins - DAF - 01 73 23 23 45 / davidmartins@lexibook.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS', 'LEXIBOOK', 'THE', 'USA', 'high value-added consumer electronics products', 'intelligent electronic leisure products', 'LICENCE CONTRACT EXTENSIONS', 'European licence agreements', 'famous iconic licences', 'promising new partnerships', 'other licensing partnerships', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Karaoke Micro Star®', 'strong international licences', 'Canadian sales territories', 'new product ranges', 'LEXIBOOK David Martins', 'international development policy', '35 million products', 'high potential', 'Viacom International', 'Canadian markets', 'Les Ulis', 'Harry Potter', 'important step', 'advanced negotiations', 'Financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'Cyber Arcade®', 'constant innovation', 'share capital', 'US distributors', '40 registered brands', 'proven strategy', 'Alternext market', 'Lexibook®', '7 June', 'USA', 'Warner', 'properties', 'world', 'Patrol', 'Batman', 'categories', 'Group', 'rights', 'line', 'American', '31 March', '30 June', 'Availability', 'owner', 'Powerman®', 'Decotech®', 'Chessman®', 'Lexitab®', 'iParty®', 'FlashBoom®', 'leader', 'children', 'success', 'company', '7,763,319 shares', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'ALLEX', 'ICB', 'information', 'Contacts', 'DAF', 'Attachment', '7.00']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2683443/0/en/Sercel-Delivers-Additional-508XT-System-for-Mega-Crew-Seismic-Surveys-in-North-Africa.html,Sercel Delivers Additional 508XT System for Mega-Crew Seismic Surveys in North Africa,Paris  France – June 7  2023   CGG announced today that Sercel has confirmed a major sale and the imminent delivery of a 60 000-channel 508XT land......,English FrenchParis  France – June 7  2023CGG announced today that Sercel has confirmed a major sale and the imminent delivery of a 60 000-channel 508XT land acquisition system and 25 VE464 advanced digital vibrator control sets to a major North African geophysical services provider. The equipment will be deployed on a 3D mega-crew project in harsh terrain and desert conditions in North Africa and further strengthens Sercel’s well-established presence in this region.With its flexible design  the 508XT solution can adapt to any field configuration and conditions  from small to mega-crew projects in desert  arctic  forest  agricultural  urban and transition zones. The VE464 control system uses the most advanced technology to provide the highest levels of control and accuracy. When used in combination with the 508XT  unprecedented levels of production can be achieved.Emmanuelle Dubu  Sercel CEO  said: “This contract is the latest in a long series of awards highlighting our strong collaboration with our client and positioning our 508XT system as the benchmark for seismic surveys in North Africa. By delivering both the highest productivity and highest-quality data without compromise  the 508XT and VE464 systems are perfectly suited to support clients in achieving the clearest images of the subsurface in the region.”About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Additional 508XT System', 'Mega-Crew Seismic Surveys', 'North Africa', 'Sercel', 'major North African geophysical services provider', '25 VE464 advanced digital vibrator control sets', '60,000-channel 508XT land acquisition system', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'The VE464 control system', 'Contacts Group Communications', '3D mega-crew project', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'major sale', 'advanced technology', 'VE464 systems', '508XT system', 'transition zones', 'mega-crew projects', '508XT solution', 'English French', 'imminent delivery', 'harsh terrain', 'flexible design', 'field configuration', 'small to', 'highest levels', 'unprecedented levels', 'Emmanuelle Dubu', 'long series', 'strong collaboration', 'seismic surveys', 'highest productivity', 'clearest images', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'highest-quality data', 'data science', 'desert conditions', 'Christophe Barnini', 'Sercel CEO', 'France', 'June', 'CGG', 'equipment', 'presence', 'region', 'forest', 'agricultural', 'urban', 'accuracy', 'combination', 'production', 'contract', 'awards', 'client', 'benchmark', 'compromise', 'subsurface', 'products', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-unveils-its-Climate-Strategy-aimed-at-achieving-Net-Zero-Carbon-by-2050-44063141/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,JCDecaux unveils its Climate Strategy aimed at achieving Net Zero Carbon by 2050,(marketscreener.com) JCDecaux unveils its Climate Strategy aimed at achieving Net Zero Carbon by 2050 Paris  7 June 2023 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide unveils its Climate Strategy which further proves its commitment to r…,"JCDecaux unveils its Climate Strategy aimed at achieving Net Zero Carbon by 2050Paris  7 June 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide unveils its Climate Strategy which further proves its commitment to reducing its carbon footprint across its entire value chain. The strategy is based on three principles: Measure  Reduce  Contribute. It aims for Net Zero Carbon by 2050 (scopes 1  2  and 3)*. This initiative reaffirms the JCDecaux Group's commitment to an active participation in the fight against climate change by adopting eco-responsible practices and promoting sustainable innovation in its business practices.JCDecaux  a service-driven and sustainable mediaSince its very beginning in 1964  JCDecaux has placed sustainability and efficiency at the heart of its business model. The Group created a Sustainable Development and Quality Department in 2007  and in 2014 set out an ambitious Sustainable Development Strategy. JCDecaux designs  installs  and maintains light infrastructure (bus shelters  street furniture  self-cleaning public toilets  self-service bicycles  etc.) in public spaces and travel hubs thanks to the financing provided by the advertising for brands and companies displayed on that infrastructure. JCDecaux street furniture provide innovative and free services for millions of people around the world  as well as for local authorities and transport companies  based on resource-efficient management. This business model is virtuous in three ways: economically  ecologically  and socially.JCDecaux  committed to Net Zero CarbonTo accelerate the impact of its initiatives in support of a low-carbon society and in response to the climate emergency  JCDecaux discloses today its Group-wide Climate Strategy. Following a pilot scheme in France in 2021  that plan was reviewed by EY (Independent Third Party). The aim of that strategy is to align with the objectives of the Paris Agreement (limiting the increase in the average global temperature to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels) and to achieve Net Zero Carbon by 2050  taking into account the entire value chain of the company.To achieve this  JCDecaux plans to follow a roadmap based on Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) that are backed up by scientific data. In late 2022  the Group signed a pledge to achieve those SBTi goals  and JCDecaux has been awarded the ""Committed"" label in recognition of its commitment to a low-carbon strategy. Over the course of 2023  JCDecaux plans to submit a report on its progress towards those SBTi goals for review and validation.The road to Net Zero Carbon by 2050 will be marked by intermediate stages along the way.Objectives for 2030: carbon emissions reduction scopes 1+2 (market-based**): at least 60% compared to 2019 levels. carbon emissions reduction scope 3: at least 46% compared to 2019.Objectives for 2050:carbon emissions reduction scopes 1+2 (market-based): at least 90% compared to 2019. carbon emissions reduction scope 3: at least 90% compared to 2019.A Climate Strategy based on three complementary principles: Measure  Reduce  Contribute.1. Continuously measuring and reportingJCDecaux measures its greenhouse gas emissions taking into account the three emissions scopes set out in the GHG (Greenhouse Gas Protocol). For 2022  JCDecaux's total carbon footprint was 210.4 Kteq CO 2 (scopes 1  2  and 3)  which represents a reduction of 27.1% compared to 2019.2. Continuous reductionJCDecaux has drawn up a roadmap that it will follow in order to reduce its overall carbon impact based on three main drivers:Street furniture: reduce the associated carbon emissions to improve the environmental footprint of such installations  by:Always opting for eco-designed street furniture by choosing low-carbon materials in their design and operation  and strengthening responsible innovation to reduce environmental impact.by choosing low-carbon materials in their design and operation  and strengthening responsible innovation to reduce environmental impact. Promote the circular economy by increasing the use of refurbished street furniture. Refurbishing a bus shelter reduces emissions by 69% compared to manufacturing a new one.Energy: reduce emissions from all our activities (street furniture  vehicles  buildings) by implementing the following initiatives:Minimi s e the electricity consumption of our street furniture  by replacing old lighting systems with newer and more environmentally-friendly technologies such as LEDs  which are more energy-efficient (LED retrofit)  solutions to reduce the light intensity (dimming) or even temporarily switch off the power supply at certain times  as well as rationalized management of the size of small digital displays. These are many of the ways in which JCDecaux will improve the energy efficiency of its street furniture.of our street furniture  by replacing old lighting systems with newer and more environmentally-friendly technologies such as LEDs  which are more energy-efficient (LED retrofit)  solutions to reduce the light intensity (dimming) or even temporarily switch off the power supply at certain times  as well as rationalized management of the size of small digital displays. These are many of the ways in which JCDecaux will improve the energy efficiency of its street furniture. Maintain 100% renewable energy coverage.Replace our fleet of company cars and vehicles with “low emissions” models.with “low emissions” models. Continue equipping our offices and premises with building control and automation systems.Travel: to reduce their environmental footprint  optimise our employees' personal travel (home-work commute) and business trips:Promote alternative modes of transport such as car-pooling  public transport  or cycling.3. Contribute nowIn addition to the reduction measures already implemented in its operations and value chain  JCDecaux wishes to contribute to the development of qualitative projects aimed at reducing and/or capturing carbon emissions beyond our value chain. This policy stems from JCDecaux’s desire to participate in decarbonisation on a global scale and to contribute to the sustainable development goals set out by the United Nations  of which JCDecaux has been an official partner since January 2023. JCDecaux will later this year outline its contribution strategy.Jean-François Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux  said: ""One year on from unveiling our ESG 2030 roadmap  today we are proud to back up that initiative by presenting a proactive climate strategy geared towards the goal of “Net Zero Carbon”. Reducing our environmental footprint is one of JCDecaux's long-standing commitments. Our business model resonates with the Green Taxonomy  as nearly 50% of our 2022 revenues are aligned with this European regulation. And our efforts are showing results: between 2019 and 2022  we reduced our Group-wide greenhouse gas emissions by 27% in terms of scopes 1  2  and 3. As the world leader in our business sector  this new climate strategy demonstrates JCDecaux's determination to play an active role in the collective response to the challenges of climate change and to make outdoor advertising a driver of the ecological transition. JCDecaux will continue to work with all our stakeholders and to support those involved in public and private procurement to ensure that it becomes a massive and effective sustainable development driver. This climate strategy was developed through a participative approach within the Group and all our employees work every day towards it. It will be at the heart of our service-driven and sustainable business model.""*Scope 1: Direct emissionsResulting from the manufacturing of products or the combustion of fuel for company vehicles (natural gas  oil  etc.)​Scope 2: Indirect emissionsAssociated with energy consumption that does not directly pollute (electricity  etc.)​Scope 3: Other indirect emissionsLinked to the rest of the company's activities (procurement  transport  end-of-life cycle  employee travel  etc.)​**Market-basedMethod of calculating CO 2 emissions linked to electricity consumption  based on emissions factors associated with the supplier from which the company buys its electricity. Emissions are calculated on the basis of the electricity that the organization chooses to purchase  often through negotiated contracts or instruments such as Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs).Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A-)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.comJoin us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Net Zero Carbon', 'Climate Strategy', 'JCDecaux', 'carbon emissions reduction scope', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'ambitious Sustainable Development Strategy', 'Net Zero Carbon', 'entire value chain', 'Independent Third Party', 'average global temperature', 'Greenhouse Gas Protocol', 'old lighting systems', 'small digital displays', 'associated carbon emissions', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'three main drivers', 'self-cleaning public toilets', 'total carbon footprint', 'three complementary principles', 'overall carbon impact', 'Science-Based Targets Initiative', 'Group-wide Climate Strategy', 'A Climate Strategy', 'eco-designed street furniture', 'three emissions scopes', 'JCDecaux street furniture', 'three principles', 'new one', 'Continuous reduction', 'sustainable innovation', 'sustainable media', 'public spaces', 'climate change', 'climate emergency', 'environmental footprint', 'low-carbon strategy', 'three ways', 'active participation', 'eco-responsible practices', 'business practices', 'business model', 'Quality Department', 'bus shelters', 'self-service bicycles', 'travel hubs', 'free services', 'local authorities', 'resource-efficient management', 'low-carbon society', 'pilot scheme', 'scientific data', 'Committed"" label', 'intermediate stages', '4 Kteq CO', 'low-carbon materials', 'responsible innovation', 'environmental impact', 'circular economy', 'electricity consumption', 'environmentally-friendly technologies', 'LED retrofit', 'light intensity', 'power supply', 'rationalized management', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'Paris Agreement', 'SBTi goals', 'light infrastructure', 'transport companies', 'pre-industrial levels', 'following initiatives', 'JCDecaux SE', 'energy efficiency', 'JCDecaux Group', '2019 levels', '7 June', 'number', 'commitment', 'Measure', 'Contribute', 'fight', 'service-driven', 'beginning', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'financing', 'brands', 'innovative', 'millions', 'people', 'world', 'support', 'response', 'France', 'plan', 'EY', 'aim', 'objectives', 'increase', '1.5°C', 'account', 'roadmap', 'late', 'pledge', 'recognition', 'course', 'report', 'progress', 'review', 'validation', 'GHG', 'order', 'installations', 'operation', 'activities', 'vehicles', 'buildings', 'newer', 'LEDs', 'solutions', 'dimming', 'times', 'size', '2050', '2023', '2.']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LINEDATA-SERVICES-4770/news/Linedata-Services-2023-Global-Asset-Management-Survey-Reveals-Focus-on-Operational-Efficiency-Dig-44056981/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Linedata Services : 2023 Global Asset Management Survey Reveals Focus on Operational Efficiency  Digital Transformation  and Client Experience in Race for the Future,(marketscreener.com)  Key trends identified from this edition of the Survey   • Efficiency drives tops the strategic agenda for 57% of asset managers globally   • Tech spending priorities point to risk management: compliance  and portfolio and operatio…,"Key trends identified from this edition of the Survey• Efficiency drives tops the strategic agenda for 57% of asset managers globally• Tech spending priorities point to risk management: compliance  and portfolio and operational risk• ESG data demands expected to intensify• Industry is accelerating path to adopt flexible operating modelsParis  Boston  New York  London  Hong Kong  June 7  2023 -Linedata  (Euronext Paris: LIN)  a global provider of asset management and credit technology  data  and services  announces today the results of its 2023 Global Asset Management Survey. The survey is designed to provide insights into the priorities and challenges asset management firms are facing around the world and includes responses from 265 industry leaders across the Americas  Europe  and Asia-Pacific regions.Since the last survey was conducted  in 2021  much has changed from a global  regional  and industry perspective. As the world navigates the changing nature of modern day investing and ever-evolving customer needs  there are a few factors that are clearly shaping asset management - continued digital transformation led by automation  data integration pain points exemplified by ESG  outsourcing  AI adoption  and the journey to the cloud.Commenting on the survey results  Timothée Raymond  Head of Innovation and Technology at Linedata  said: ""In the midst of today's economic landscape  it comes as no surprise that operational efficiency takes center stage as the top strategic priority for asset managers in 2023. This underscores the urgent need for companies to harness the power of automation and drive digital transformation to optimize processes  boost margins  and stay competitive. Now more than ever  embracing transformation is essential  and the emergence of disruptive technologies such as generative AI presents unique opportunities for accelerated progress.""Key findings from Linedata's 2023 Global Asset Management Survey include:• Operational efficiency is the top strategic priority for asset managers in 202357% of respondents state that increasing automation to drive operational efficiency is their top priority for the next 12 months. Firms are focusing on margins amid challenging markets and are seeking ways to optimize their operations and streamline processes to stay ahead.Respondents also highlighted the importance of the client experience (37%) and their ability to customize strategies (29%) as they seek to differentiate themselves in a crowded market.• ESG (Environmental  Social  and Governance) integration is only a growth priority in Europe  but data demands are rising everywhere63% of European managers say further ESG integration is a high priority  up from 41% in 2021. In North America and APAC  this has fallen to 22% and 32% respectively.However  a significant number of managers in all regions are expecting ESG data management demands to intensify  with Europe (81%)  APAC (60%)  and North America (46%) all expecting an increase.• More asset managers seek greater flexibility than a single technology platform approachThe percentage of managers opting for a balance between front-to-back platforms and best of breed solutions has more than doubled since 2021 (up to 42% in 2023 versus 23% in 2021)Firms seek pragmatic approach to improve integration and operational efficiency without sacrificing applications that deliver the best functionality.• Outsourcing is being used to help firms scale up and access cutting edge tech and expertise  with managers across regions having differing priorities for their outsourcing strategiesAPAC managers say scaling-up operations (55%) is a top driver  while North American firms are leveraging outsourcing providers to gain access to the latest technologies (43%) and to specialist expertise (46%).• Gap analysis: Scalable data models and automation need urgent attentionAsset managers see the ability to scale data management and improve middle and back-office automation as central to business growth and performanceHowever  our gap analysis shows less than 40% of managers rate their current competence in these areas as strong.• Significant opportunity exists for AI adoption to solve post-trade problems; asset managers are leveraging AI tools for the front office.32% of managers are using AI for investment research and 30% for portfolio analysis.For middle and back-office functions such as fund accounting and post-trade compliance  however  only 20% of respondents have benefited from predictive analytics  leaving these untapped areas for operational improvement.• Cloud adoption has climbed rapidly since 202174% of asset managers are now using the cloud  up from 66% in 2021Hybrid models are dominating  and the next key divide on cloud strategy may become hybrid versus fully public models  with 29% expecting their entire IT stack to be migrated to the public cloud within five years.For the asset management industry  improving margins and customizing the client experience remains crucial to stay on top in a challenging market. 2023 is the year of innovation  and the entire industry is increasing their automation and digital transformation efforts even amidst an environment of cost pressure. The asset management industry will continue to see a surge in digitally focused investments and budget priorities with an emphasis on outsourcing and AI tools to further enhance efficiency.ABOUT LINEDATA's GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT SURVEYThe Survey was deployed digitally during March 2023 by CoreData Research. Respondents are 265 asset managers  hedge funds  wealth managers  pension funds  private equity  sovereign wealth and private credit managers  and multi-family offices across Europe  North America and APAC. The purpose of the Survey is to illustrate the views from senior decision makers across the front  middle and back office. The Key Findings Report is available here.ABOUT LINEDATAWith 25 years' experience and 700 clients in 50 countries  Linedata's 1100 employees in 20 offices provide global humanized technology solutions and services for the asset management and credit industries that help its clients to evolve and to operate at the highest levels. Headquartered in France  Linedata achieved revenues of EUR 172.7 million in 2022 and is listed on Euronext Paris compartment B FR0004156297-LIN - Reuters LDSV.PA - Bloomberg LIN:FP. linedata.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.3,0.21,True,English,"['2023 Global Asset Management Survey', 'Linedata Services', 'Operational Efficiency', 'Digital Transformation', 'Client Experience', 'Focus', 'Race', 'Future', 'single technology platform approach', 'data integration pain points', '2023 Global Asset Management Survey', 'ESG data management demands', 'modern day investing', 'Timothée Raymond', 'cutting edge tech', 'entire IT stack', 'flexible operating models', 'Scalable data models', 'Tech spending priorities', 'ESG data demands', 'next key divide', 'continued digital transformation', 'asset management industry', 'top strategic priority', 'More asset managers', 'asset management firms', 'North American firms', 'global provider', 'pragmatic approach', 'risk management', 'strategic agenda', 'top priority', 'next 12 months', 'Hybrid models', 'public models', 'growth priority', 'high priority', 'Key trends', 'credit technology', 'last survey', 'Key findings', 'ESG integration', 'top driver', 'operational risk', 'New York', 'Hong Kong', 'industry leaders', 'industry perspective', 'changing nature', 'customer needs', 'economic landscape', 'center stage', 'urgent need', 'disruptive technologies', 'unique opportunities', 'accelerated progress', 'challenging markets', 'client experience', 'crowded market', 'significant number', 'greater flexibility', 'back platforms', 'breed solutions', 'best functionality', 'differing priorities', 'latest technologies', 'Gap analysis', 'urgent attention', 'business growth', 'current competence', 'Significant opportunity', 'post-trade problems', 'investment research', 'back-office functions', 'fund accounting', 'predictive analytics', 'operational improvement', 'five years', 'survey results', 'operational efficiency', 'European managers', 'AI adoption', 'AI tools', 'Cloud adoption', 'cloud strategy', 'public cloud', 'Euronext Paris', 'scaling-up operations', 'outsourcing providers', 'specialist expertise', 'front office', 'portfolio analysis', 'post-trade compliance', 'untapped areas', 'increasing automation', 'back-office automation', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'APAC managers', 'outsourcing strategies', 'edition', 'path', 'Boston', 'London', 'June', 'Linedata', 'services', 'insights', 'challenges', 'world', 'responses', 'Americas', 'factors', 'journey', 'Head', 'Innovation', 'midst', 'today', 'surprise', 'companies', 'power', 'processes', 'margins', 'emergence', 'respondents', 'ways', 'importance', 'ability', 'Governance', 'increase', 'percentage', 'balance', 'applications', 'access', 'middle', 'performance', 'less', '32']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25866,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-s-Beeline-Kazakhstan-Launches-IT-Subsidiary-QazCode-44057092/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,VEON's Beeline Kazakhstan Launches IT Subsidiary QazCode,(marketscreener.com)   QazCode will provide world-class digital products and solutions to operators  businesses and public sector partners Amsterdam  7 June – VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  anno…,QazCode will provide world-class digital products and solutions to operators  businesses and public sector partnersAmsterdam  7 June – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Beeline Kazakhstan  its operator in Kazakhstan  has launched a software company QazCode to boost development of new digital products and services.The 700-strong QazCode will be among the largest software development companies in Kazakhstan and will include 350 developers with expertise across software development  big data analytics  cybersecurity and artificial intelligence (AI). QazCode will build digital products and services for both local Kazakh and international clients  including other VEON digital operators.The formation of QazCode is part of VEON’s Digital Operator strategy  aimed at combining connectivity with a complete digital product and services portfolio that meets local needs  including in mobile financial services  entertainment  health  and education and others  leading to greater engagement and value-generation for customers. It will help strengthen the burgeoning IT services ecosystem in Kazakhstan.“The creation of a software development company is a natural expansion of our Digital Operator strategy. Beeline Kazakhstan has been at the core of originating world-class digital services through its excellent IT development team who create solutions not only for our connectivity base but for the broader digital ecosystem in Kazakhstan. Given their scope and expertise in creating compelling digital products for both internal and external customers  it makes absolute sense to give them a new identity.” explains Evgeniy Nastradin  CEO of Beeline Kazakhstan.“QazCode will create world-class ICT services for consumers  businesses and public sectors partners  and deliver joint projects with other companies in the region and across international markets.QazCode has been created out of the Beeline Kazakhstan’s IT development group that previously created the entire ecosystem of the digital operator with over 60 app including the MyBeeline superapp  digital neo-bank Simply and music app hitter that are used by millions of people in Kazakhstan.The deep expertise of QazCode across all aspects of digital application development will now become available to operating companies within the VEON Group and to independent companies looking to develop large-scale digital services.QazCode is located within  and is a participant of  Astana Hub  the largest international technology and IT park of start-ups in Central Asia that comprises a community of more than 1000 companies  local start-ups and R&D offices.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s digital products and services. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the initiatives referred to above will be successful. Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact information:VEONSenior Communications ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.17,0.59,True,English,"['IT Subsidiary QazCode', 'Beeline Kazakhstan', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'TUVA Partners Managing Partner', 'excellent IT development team', 'burgeoning IT services ecosystem', 'largest software development companies', 'other VEON digital operators', 'public sector partners', 'public sectors partners', 'big data analytics', 'R&D offices', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Senior Communications Manager', 'complete digital product', 'broader digital ecosystem', 'digital neo-bank Simply', 'largest international technology', 'digital application development', 'IT development group', 'six dynamic markets', 'world-class digital products', 'compelling digital products', 'global digital operator', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'greater digital inclusion', 'mobile financial services', 'world-class ICT services', 'world-class digital services', 'large-scale digital services', 'software development company', 'music app hitter', 'new digital products', 'software company', 'IT park', 'entire ecosystem', 'other companies', 'international markets', 'other things', 'greater engagement', 'new identity', 'international clients', 'online services', 'services portfolio', 'operating companies', 'independent companies', 'artificial intelligence', 'local Kazakh', 'local needs', 'natural expansion', 'absolute sense', 'Evgeniy Nastradin', 'joint projects', 'MyBeeline superapp', 'Astana Hub', 'Central Asia', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'forward-looking statement', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'VEON Group', 'converged connectivity', 'connectivity base', 'external customers', '160 million customers', 'inside information', 'Contact information', 'local start-ups', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'Beeline Kazakhstan', 'VEON Ltd.', 'deep expertise', 'press release', '700-strong QazCode', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '1000 companies', '60 app', 'statements', 'solutions', 'businesses', '7 June', '350 developers', 'cybersecurity', 'AI', 'health', 'education', 'others', 'value-generation', 'creation', 'core', 'scope', 'internal', 'CEO', 'consumers', 'region', 'millions', 'people', 'aspects', 'participant', 'community', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'population', 'NASDAQ', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance', 'initiatives', 'Elements']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25867,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-34473559/news/VEON-Corporate-Governance-Report-2022-interactive-44063800/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,VEON : Corporate Governance Report 2022 interactive,(marketscreener.com)   The digital operator   Corporate Governance Report   June 2023       Corporate Governance Report June 2023 1        Who we are  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-34473559/news/VEON-Corporate…,Our governance structure is designed to promote integrity in everything we do and we are committed to responsible and effective governance as a core element of our culture.To continue with regular VEON Board effectiveness assessment processes and to set up the Board's continuous improvement lifecycle based on insights received through such regular assessment.To rethink the operating model of VEON HQ  acting as a Company corporate centre  to address rescoping of the Company's operations and reduced number of geographies.During 2022  the Company continued its efforts to extend our corporate governance practices beyond the standard and mandatory levels of compliance  thereby achieving a higher level of recognised best practices. Our priorities include:In accordance with applicable Bermuda law  the Company has adopted corporate governance practices and bye-laws which establish clear rules of governance  ranging from matters requiring approval of the Company's shareholders and members of its Board of Directors (the Board)  conflict of interest requirements  and director and management duties and obligations.VEON appreciates the importance of good corporate governance in supporting the delivery of our strategy. We recognise our duties to comply with the requirements of our ultimate parent company  a Bermuda corporation listed on NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam. We aspire to implement EU  UK and US best practices in corporate governance  as appropriate  to our Company structure and operating model. Our governance structure reinforces integrity by providing appropriate oversight over the decisions we make and the actions we take.Moreover  under Bermuda law  the Board has the right to require that any matter comes to the Board forThe Company's bye-laws empower the Board to direct the management of the business and the affairs of the Group. Our bye-laws require that the Board approves important matters including  among others  the Group's annual budget and audited accounts  reorganisations  significant transactions as well as changes to our share capital or other significant actions.Further update of the Company's governance framework and operating model  including role and operating model of HQ and dissolution of VEON Ventures as a separate operating entity.Optimisation of the Company's portfolio and capital structure  including divestiture of the Georgia and Algeria operations  divestiture of the tower portfolio  sale of Beeline Russia.Support management to ensure the Company's ability to quickly analyse the changing situation  adequately respond and take timely necessary decisions in the current challenging geopolitical and macroeconomic environment.approval and any Board member may bring forward an item for the Board agenda  ensuring that the Board provides appropriate oversight over Group matters.EffectivenessCustomarily  our Board and Committees meet at least quarterly every year. In 2022  the Company was confronted with a series of extraordinary and complex challenges; and the Board significantly increased the frequency of its meetings to ensure an adequate and timely reaction to them. In total  the Board held 27 meetings in 2022 and each Committee met an average 13 times.The Board takes significant efforts to ensure its effectiveness to deliver the long-term success of the Company and alignment with the long-term interests of the Company's shareholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee conducts an annual evaluation of the Board to determine whether it is functioning effectively and meeting its objectivesand goals.In doing so  the committee solicits comments from all directors  the Company's senior executives and everyone else it deems appropriate and reports its conclusions and recommendations for maximising the Board's effectiveness to the Board. A detailed action plan is prepared  and regular updates are reviewed by the Board to ensure implementation.Induction of directorsThe Company has established an extensive onboarding programme for all incoming members of VEON Board. The directors are provided with comprehensive information on the structure of the Group  its key operating markets  financial and operational performance  the Company's leadership team  incentive programmes  governance and risk management frameworks  and ongoing top-priority projects. In addition  the Company arranges for the new directors a series of induction meetings with the key leadership team members based on the focus areas indicatedby the director.Succession planningThe Board conducts succession planning to ensure the Board benefits from the most effective balance and seeks to select the highest calibre of people to be appointed to the Board. Succession planning at the Board level is overseen by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. As such  we have brought together a group of uniquely qualified individuals.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.81,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['Corporate Governance Report', 'VEON', 'regular VEON Board effectiveness assessment processes', 'appropriate oversight over Group matters', 'key leadership team members', 'continuous improvement lifecycle', 'current challenging geopolitical', 'detailed action plan', 'extensive onboarding programme', 'ongoing top-priority projects', 'key operating markets', 'separate operating entity', 'US best practices', 'good corporate governance', 'risk management frameworks', 'corporate governance practices', 'applicable Bermuda law', 'timely necessary decisions', 'ultimate parent company', 'regular assessment', 'other significant actions', 'Company corporate centre', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'regular updates', 'important matters', 'VEON Ventures', 'timely reaction', 'operating model', 'Bermuda corporation', 'significant transactions', 'incoming members', 'effective governance', 'governance framework', 'VEON HQ', 'governance structure', 'core element', 'reduced number', 'mandatory levels', 'higher level', 'clear rules', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'annual budget', 'share capital', 'Beeline Russia', 'Support management', 'changing situation', 'macroeconomic environment', 'complex challenges', 'long-term success', 'long-term interests', 'annual evaluation', 'senior executives', 'comprehensive information', 'operational performance', 'incentive programmes', 'focus areas', 'Succession planning', 'effective balance', 'highest calibre', 'qualified individuals', 'significant efforts', 'capital structure', 'interest requirements', 'management duties', 'Algeria operations', 'tower portfolio', 'Board member', 'Board agenda', 'Board level', 'The Nominating', 'The Board', 'new directors', 'Company structure', 'The Company', 'induction meetings', '27 meetings', 'integrity', 'everything', 'responsible', 'culture', 'insights', 'rescoping', 'geographies', 'standard', 'compliance', 'priorities', 'accordance', 'bye-laws', 'approval', 'shareholders', 'conflict', 'obligations', 'importance', 'delivery', 'strategy', 'NASDAQ', 'UK', 'right', 'business', 'affairs', 'others', 'accounts', 'reorganisations', 'changes', 'role', 'dissolution', 'Optimisation', 'divestiture', 'Georgia', 'sale', 'ability', 'item', 'Committees', 'series', 'extraordinary', 'frequency', 'adequate', 'total', 'alignment', 'objectives', 'goals', 'comments', 'everyone', 'conclusions', 'recommendations', 'implementation', 'financial', 'addition', 'benefits', 'people']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25868,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2683473/0/en/VEON-s-Beeline-Kazakhstan-Launches-IT-Subsidiary-QazCode.html,VEON’s Beeline Kazakhstan Launches IT Subsidiary QazCode,QazCode will provide world-class digital products and solutions to operators  businesses and public sector partners             Amsterdam  7 June...,QazCode will provide world-class digital products and solutions to operators  businesses and public sector partnersAmsterdam  7 June – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Beeline Kazakhstan  its operator in Kazakhstan  has launched a software company QazCode to boost development of new digital products and services.The 700-strong QazCode will be among the largest software development companies in Kazakhstan and will include 350 developers with expertise across software development  big data analytics  cybersecurity and artificial intelligence (AI). QazCode will build digital products and services for both local Kazakh and international clients  including other VEON digital operators.The formation of QazCode is part of VEON’s Digital Operator strategy  aimed at combining connectivity with a complete digital product and services portfolio that meets local needs  including in mobile financial services  entertainment  health  and education and others  leading to greater engagement and value-generation for customers. It will help strengthen the burgeoning IT services ecosystem in Kazakhstan.“The creation of a software development company is a natural expansion of our Digital Operator strategy. Beeline Kazakhstan has been at the core of originating world-class digital services through its excellent IT development team who create solutions not only for our connectivity base but for the broader digital ecosystem in Kazakhstan. Given their scope and expertise in creating compelling digital products for both internal and external customers  it makes absolute sense to give them a new identity.” explains Evgeniy Nastradin  CEO of Beeline Kazakhstan.“QazCode will create world-class ICT services for consumers  businesses and public sectors partners  and deliver joint projects with other companies in the region and across international markets.QazCode has been created out of the Beeline Kazakhstan’s IT development group that previously created the entire ecosystem of the digital operator with over 60 app including the MyBeeline superapp  digital neo-bank Simply and music app hitter that are used by millions of people in Kazakhstan.The deep expertise of QazCode across all aspects of digital application development will now become available to operating companies within the VEON Group and to independent companies looking to develop large-scale digital services.QazCode is located within  and is a participant of  Astana Hub  the largest international technology and IT park of start-ups in Central Asia that comprises a community of more than 1000 companies  local start-ups and R&D offices.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s digital products and services. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the initiatives referred to above will be successful. Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact information:VEONSenior Communications ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.17,0.59,True,English,"['IT Subsidiary QazCode', 'Beeline Kazakhstan', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'TUVA Partners Managing Partner', 'excellent IT development team', 'burgeoning IT services ecosystem', 'largest software development companies', 'other VEON digital operators', 'public sector partners', 'public sectors partners', 'big data analytics', 'R&D offices', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Senior Communications Manager', 'complete digital product', 'broader digital ecosystem', 'digital neo-bank Simply', 'largest international technology', 'digital application development', 'IT development group', 'six dynamic markets', 'world-class digital products', 'compelling digital products', 'global digital operator', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'greater digital inclusion', 'mobile financial services', 'world-class ICT services', 'world-class digital services', 'large-scale digital services', 'software development company', 'music app hitter', 'new digital products', 'software company', 'IT park', 'entire ecosystem', 'other companies', 'international markets', 'other things', 'greater engagement', 'new identity', 'international clients', 'online services', 'services portfolio', 'operating companies', 'independent companies', 'artificial intelligence', 'local Kazakh', 'local needs', 'natural expansion', 'absolute sense', 'Evgeniy Nastradin', 'joint projects', 'MyBeeline superapp', 'Astana Hub', 'Central Asia', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'forward-looking statement', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'VEON Group', 'converged connectivity', 'connectivity base', 'external customers', '160 million customers', 'inside information', 'Contact information', 'local start-ups', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'Beeline Kazakhstan', 'VEON Ltd.', 'deep expertise', 'press release', '700-strong QazCode', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '1000 companies', '60 app', 'statements', 'solutions', 'businesses', '7 June', '350 developers', 'cybersecurity', 'AI', 'health', 'education', 'others', 'value-generation', 'creation', 'core', 'scope', 'internal', 'CEO', 'consumers', 'region', 'millions', 'people', 'aspects', 'participant', 'community', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'population', 'NASDAQ', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance', 'initiatives', 'Elements']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEXAGON-PURUS-ASA-116485535/news/Hexagon-Purus-ASA-Hexagon-Composites-Board-recommendation-to-distribute-Hexagon-Purus-shares-as-div-44062629/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Hexagon Purus ASA: Hexagon Composites Board recommendation to distribute Hexagon Purus shares as dividend in kind,(marketscreener.com) Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Hexagon Composites ASA on 7 June 2023 at 16.29 CET where its Board of Directors calls for an Extraordinary General Meeting to request authorization to distribute up to 25% of its sha…,"(Oslo  7 June 2023) Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Hexagon Composites ASA (“Hexagon Composites”) on 7 June 2023 at 16.29 CET where its Board of Directors calls for an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) to request authorization to distribute up to 25% of its shares in Hexagon Purus ASA (“Hexagon Purus”) as a dividend in kind to its shareholders. The proposed dividend is subject to approval from an EGM in Hexagon Composites expected to be held on 28 June 2023. As a result of the share distribution  Hexagon Composites would undertake a non-controlling ownership stake in Hexagon Purus.“Ever since carving-out from Hexagon Composites and listing on Euronext Growth back in December 2020  it has been a key priority for us to build a high-quality and diverse shareholder base to secure backing for our long-term growth targets. Following our transfer to the main list of the Oslo Stock Exchange earlier this year  we view the increased free float and stock market liquidity that would result from Hexagon Composites’ pending deconsolidation as a natural and important next step for Hexagon Purus as an independent company""  says Morten Holum  CEO of Hexagon Purus. “We look forward to welcoming all Hexagon Composites shareholders to our exciting journey  enabling the transition to zero-emission mobility”.See Hexagon Composites’ separate announcement for more details on the Board of Hexagon Composites’ recommendation to distribute shares in Hexagon Purus as dividend in kind and notice of EGM in Hexagon Composites.For more information:Mathias Meidell  Investor Relations Director  Hexagon Purus ASATelephone: +47 909 82 242 | mathias.meidell@hexagonpurus.comAbout Hexagon PurusHexagon Purus enables zero emission mobility for a cleaner energy future. The company is a world leading provider of hydrogen Type 4 high-pressure cylinders and systems  battery systems and vehicle integration solutions for fuel cell electric and battery electric vehicles. Hexagon Purus' products are used in a variety of applications including light  medium and heavy-duty vehicles  buses  ground storage  distribution  refueling  maritime  rail and aerospace.Learn more at www.hexagonpurus.com and follow @HexagonPurus on Twitter and LinkedIn.This information is considered to be inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. This stock exchange announcement was published by Mathias Meidell  IR Director at Hexagon Purus ASA  on 7 June 2023 at 16:30 CET.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.1,0.42,True,English,"['Hexagon Purus ASA', 'Hexagon Composites Board', 'Hexagon Purus shares', 'kind', 'hydrogen Type 4 high-pressure cylinders', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Hexagon Composites’ pending deconsolidation', 'Hexagon Composites’ separate announcement', 'stock market liquidity', 'stock exchange announcement', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'controlling ownership stake', 'diverse shareholder base', 'important next step', 'cleaner energy future', 'world leading provider', 'vehicle integration solutions', 'fuel cell electric', 'long-term growth targets', 'Investor Relations Director', 'zero emission mobility', 'Hexagon Composites ASA', 'Hexagon Composites’ recommendation', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'battery electric vehicles', 'Hexagon Purus ASA', ""Hexagon Purus' products"", 'Hexagon Composites shareholders', 'Euronext Growth', 'zero-emission mobility', 'heavy-duty vehicles', 'IR Director', 'key priority', 'main list', 'free float', 'Morten Holum', 'exciting journey', 'Mathias Meidell', 'battery systems', 'ground storage', 'share distribution', 'independent company', '7 June', 'Reference', '16.29 CET', 'Board', 'Directors', 'EGM', 'authorization', 'shares', 'kind', 'approval', '28 June', 'result', 'December', 'high-quality', 'backing', 'transfer', 'natural', 'CEO', 'transition', 'details', 'notice', 'information', 'Telephone', 'variety', 'applications', 'light', 'medium', 'buses', 'refueling', 'maritime', 'rail', 'aerospace', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'inside', '16:30 CET']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAISONS-DU-MONDE-27862556/news/Maisons-du-Monde-COMBINED-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-29-JUNE-2023-PROCEDURES-FOR-THE-AVAILABILITY-OR-CONS-44055444/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Maisons du Monde: COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 29 JUNE 2023 - PROCEDURES FOR THE AVAILABILITY OR CONSULTATION OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 29 JUNE 2023  PROCEDURES FOR THE AVAILABILITY OR CONSULTATION OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS NANTES – 7 June 2023  08:00 CET – Maisons du Monde . Maisons du Monde shareholders are invited to attend the …,PRESS RELEASECOMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 29 JUNE 2023PROCEDURES FOR THE AVAILABILITY OR CONSULTATIONOF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTSNANTES – 7 June 2023  08:00 CET – Maisons du Monde (Euronext Paris: MDM; ISIN: FR0013153541).Maisons du Monde shareholders are invited to attend the Combined General Meeting to be held on Thursday  June 29  2023  at 10 a.m.  55 Rue d’Amsterdam  75008 Paris.The Meeting Notice published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires « BALO » of May 22  2023  contains the agenda and the draft resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors.The Convening Notice serving as a corrective notice to the Meeting Notice  containing the agenda and the draft resolutions  a description of the main ways for shareholders to take part in and vote at the General Meeting and to exercise their rights  is published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires « BALO » on June 7  2023.The Universal Registration Document containing the reports submitted to the Annual General Meeting was published on April 27  2023.The documents or information intended to be presented at the General Meeting as well as the voting form by mail or proxy are made available to shareholders at the registered office of Maisons du Monde  at Le Portereau – 44120 Vertou. In accordance with Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code  the preparatory information documents for this Meeting are available on the Maisons du Monde website at the address: https://corporate.maisonsdumonde.com/en/finance/ag .About Maisons du MondeMaisons du Monde  a uniquely positioned and beloved brand across Europe  stands as the European leader in inspirational and affordable home & living. It offers a wide and constantly renewed range of furniture and home accessories across multiple styles. Creativity  inspiration and engagement are the brand’s core pillars. Leveraging its distinctive direct-to-consumer omnichannel model  the company generates over 50% of its sales digitally  through its online platform and in-store digital sales and operates 352 stores across 9 European countries. At the end of 2020  the Group launched a curated marketplace to complement its offering and become the reference one-stop shop in inspirational and affordable home and living. In November 2021  Maisons du Monde unveiled its company purpose: “Inspiring everyone to open up to the world  to create together unique  warm and sustainable places to live.”corporate.maisonsdumonde.comContactsInvestor Relations Press Relations Carole AlexandreTel: (+33) 6 30 85 12 78 Pierre BarbeTel: (+33) 6 23 23 08 51 calexandre@maisonsdumonde.com pbarbe@maisonsdumonde.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Maisons du Monde', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', '29 JUNE', 'PROCEDURES', 'AVAILABILITY', 'CONSULTATION', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Investor Relations Press Relations', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'Maisons du Monde website', 'Maisons du Monde shareholders', 'consumer omnichannel model', 'reference one-stop shop', 'French Commercial Code', 'store digital sales', 'The Convening Notice', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Annual General Meeting', 'preparatory information documents', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', 'Meeting Notice', 'French Bulletin', 'corrective notice', 'draft resolutions', 'main ways', 'voting form', 'registered office', 'Le Portereau', 'European leader', 'affordable home', 'home accessories', 'multiple styles', 'core pillars', 'online platform', '9 European countries', 'unique, warm', 'sustainable places', 'Carole Alexandre', 'Pierre Barbe', 'Euronext Paris', 'beloved brand', 'company purpose', '75008 Paris', '29 JUNE', 'PROCEDURES', 'AVAILABILITY', 'CONSULTATION', 'NANTES', '7 June', '08:00 CET', 'MDM', 'ISIN', 'Thursday', '10 a', '55 Rue', 'Amsterdam', 'BALO', 'May', 'agenda', 'Board', 'Directors', 'description', 'part', 'rights', 'reports', 'April', 'mail', 'proxy', '44120 Vertou', 'accordance', 'Article', 'address', 'corporate', 'maisonsdumonde', 'inspirational', 'living', 'wide', 'range', 'furniture', 'Creativity', 'engagement', 'distinctive', '352 stores', 'Group', 'curated', 'marketplace', 'offering', 'November', 'everyone', 'world', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NRJ-GROUP-4678/news/NRJ-Information-relative-aux-droits-de-vote-au-31-05-2023-French-English-44060474/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,NRJ : Information relative aux droits de vote au 31.05.2023 (French & English),(marketscreener.com)   Paris  le 7 juin 2023   PUBLICATION RELATIVE AU NOMBRE TOTAL DE DROITS DE VOTE ET D'ACTIONS   COMPOSANT LE CAPITAL SOCIAL   INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES   MAKING UP THE SHARE CAPITAL…,Paris  le 7 juin 2023PUBLICATION RELATIVE AU NOMBRE TOTAL DE DROITS DE VOTE ET D'ACTIONSCOMPOSANT LE CAPITAL SOCIALINFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESMAKING UP THE SHARE CAPITALArticle 223-16 du règlement général de l'Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Article 223-16 of the AMF General RegulationNombre total de droits de vote Nombre d'actions Total number of voting rights Date composant le capital social Number of shares Théoriques (1) Exerçables (2) Theoretical Effective 31/05/2023 78 107 621 144 313 101 143 594 035Ce nombre est calculé sur la base de l'ensemble des actions auxquelles sont attachés des droits de vote  y compris les actions privées de droit de vote.This number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares which voting rights have been suspended. Pour information  déduction faite des actions privées du droit de vote.For information  this number is calculated without taking into account the shares which voting rights have been suspended.Présence dans les statuts de NRJ GROUP d'une clause imposant une obligation de déclaration de franchissement de seuil complémentaire de celle relative aux seuils légaux (article 12).Inclusion in NRJ GROUP Articles of Association of a clause setting forth an obligation to declare the crossing of shareholding thresholds  which comes in addition to the thresholds provided for by French law (article 12).A propos de NRJ GROUP : www.nrjgroup.frL'action NRJ GROUP est cotée sur le marché Euronext Paris (compartiment B).Codes - ISIN : FR0000121691 ; Reuters : NRG-FR ; Bloomberg : NRG:FP.NRJ GROUPSociété anonyme au capital de 781.076 21 € Siège social : 22 rue Boileau 75016 Paris 332 036 128 RCS Paris,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Information', 'droits', 'vote', 'French', 'English', '31.05.', 'règlement général', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'GROUP Société anonyme', 'seuils légaux', 'Siège social', 'AMF General Regulation', 'voting rights Date', 'capital social Number', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'Théoriques', 'Exerçables', 'déduction', 'Présence', 'déclaration', 'French law', '22 rue Boileau', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'GROUP Articles', 'NOMBRE TOTAL', 'droit de', 'shareholding thresholds', 'Euronext Paris', 'RCS Paris', '7 juin', 'DROITS', 'VOTE', 'ACTIONS', 'COMPOSANT', 'INFORMATION', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'base', 'ensemble', 'basis', 'account', 'statuts', 'clause', 'obligation', 'franchissement', 'Inclusion', 'Association', 'crossing', 'addition', 'nrjgroup', 'compartiment', 'Codes', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'NRG-FR', 'Bloomberg']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-34473559/news/VEON-QazCode-will-provide-world-class-digital-products-and-solutions-to-operators-businesses-and-44057757/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,VEON : QazCode will provide world-class digital products and solutions to operators  businesses and public sector partners,(marketscreener.com)  Amsterdam  7 June - VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Beeline Kazakhstan  its operator in Kazakhstan  has launched a software company QazCode to boost developm…,"Amsterdam  7 June - VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that Beeline Kazakhstan  its operator in Kazakhstan  has launched a software company QazCode to boost development of new digital products and services.The 700-strong QazCode will be among the largest software development companies in Kazakhstan and will include 350 developers with expertise across software development  big data analytics  cybersecurity and artificial intelligence (AI). QazCode will build digital products and services for both local Kazakh and international clients  including other VEON digital operators.The formation of QazCode is part of VEON's Digital Operator strategy  aimed at combining connectivity with a complete digital product and services portfolio that meets local needs  including in mobile financial services  entertainment  health  and education and others  leading to greater engagement and value-generation for customers. It will help strengthen the burgeoning IT services ecosystem in Kazakhstan.""The creation of a software development company is a natural expansion of our Digital Operator strategy. Beeline Kazakhstan has been at the core of originating world-class digital services through its excellent IT development team who create solutions not only for our connectivity base but for the broader digital ecosystem in Kazakhstan. Given their scope and expertise in creating compelling digital products for both internal and external customers  it makes absolute sense to give them a new identity."" explains Evgeniy Nastradin  CEO of Beeline Kazakhstan.""QazCode will create world-class ICT services for consumers  businesses and public sectors partners  and deliver joint projects with other companies in the region and across international markets.QazCode has been created out of the Beeline Kazakhstan's IT development group that previously created the entire ecosystem of the digital operator with over 60 app including the MyBeeline superapp  digital neo-bank Simply and music app hitter that are used by millions of people in Kazakhstan.The deep expertise of QazCode across all aspects of digital application development will now become available to operating companies within the VEON Group and to independent companies looking to develop large-scale digital services.QazCode is located within  and is a participant of  Astana Hub  the largest international technology and IT park of start-ups in Central Asia that comprises a community of more than 1000 companies  local start-ups and R&D offices.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['world-class digital products', 'public sector partners', 'VEON', 'QazCode', 'solutions', 'operators', 'businesses', 'excellent IT development team', 'burgeoning IT services ecosystem', 'other VEON digital operators', 'largest software development companies', 'big data analytics', 'public sectors partners', 'R&D offices', 'complete digital product', 'broader digital ecosystem', 'digital neo-bank Simply', 'largest international technology', 'digital application development', 'IT development group', 'compelling digital products', 'mobile financial services', 'world-class ICT services', 'world-class digital services', 'large-scale digital services', 'global digital operator', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'software development company', 'new digital products', 'music app hitter', 'software company', 'IT park', 'other companies', 'entire ecosystem', 'new identity', 'online services', 'services portfolio', 'international clients', 'international markets', 'VEON Group', 'operating companies', 'independent companies', 'artificial intelligence', 'local Kazakh', 'local needs', 'greater engagement', 'natural expansion', 'absolute sense', 'Evgeniy Nastradin', 'joint projects', 'MyBeeline superapp', 'Astana Hub', 'Central Asia', 'VEON Ltd.', 'converged connectivity', 'connectivity base', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'external customers', 'local start-ups', 'Beeline Kazakhstan', 'deep expertise', '700-strong QazCode', '1000 companies', '60 app', '7 June', '350 developers', 'cybersecurity', 'AI', 'formation', 'health', 'education', 'others', 'value-generation', 'creation', 'core', 'solutions', 'scope', 'internal', 'CEO', 'consumers', 'businesses', 'region', 'millions', 'people', 'aspects', 'participant', 'community']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25873,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SHURGARD-SELF-STORAGE-LTD-46600355/news/Shurgard-Self-Storage-S-A-opens-new-building-in-Amsterdam-region-Diemen-the-Netherlands-44064272/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Shurgard Self Storage S A : opens new building in Amsterdam region (Diemen  the Netherlands),(marketscreener.com) set to open in summer 2023   Portsmuiden - set to open by end 2023   One property located in The Hague area - set to open by end 2023 as well   One project in the north of Amsterdam - to open by end 2024    About Shurgard  …,"FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEJune 7  2023Shurgard Self Storage Ltd(""Shurgard"")Shurgard opens new building in Amsterdam region (Diemen  the Netherlands)Shurgard  the largest developer  owner and operator of self-storage facilities in Europe is pleased to announce the opening of a new self-storage building located in Amsterdam Diemen (Randstad)  reinforcing its position as market leader in the Netherlands.This brand-new c. 4 500 sqm building is offering approximately 570 dry  clean and secure self- storage units.brand-new c. 4 500 sqm building is offering approximately 570 dry  clean and secure self- storage units. The new facility will serve as the secondary building of an existing self-storage property in the region ( Diemen Treubweg ). The combined size of the two buildings will comprise approximately 1 200 units and meet the growing demand for secure and accessible storage options in the area.self-storage property in the region ( ). The combined size of the two buildings will comprise approximately 1 200 units and meet the growing demand for secure and accessible storage options in the area. Direct project cost for the new leasehold building (excl. absorption cost) amounts to €3.1 million and the expected property yield at maturity is expected to be around 16%.Shurgard currently offers self-storage solutions in 65 properties in the Netherlands and holds the largest market share in that market.Shurgard has another four properties in its organic development pipeline in that market  (totalling an additional c. 19 200 sqm or 6% of its current lettable area):Amersfoort (3 100 sqm) - set to open in summer 2023Portsmuiden (7 500 sqm) - set to open by end 2023One property located in The Hague area (3 200 sqm) - set to open by end 2023 as wellOne project in the north of Amsterdam (5 400 sqm) - to open by end 2024About ShurgardShurgard is the largest provider of self storage in Europe. The company owns and/or operates 267 self-storage facilities and approximately 1.4 million net rentable square meters in seven countries: France  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  Sweden  Germany  Belgium and Denmark.Shurgard is a GRESB 5-star and Sector Leader  has a 'AA' ESG rating from MSCI  Sustainalytics Low risk  EPRA sBPR Gold medal.Shurgard's European network currently serves more than 180 000 customers and employs approximately 750 people. Shurgard is listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol ""SHUR"".For more information:www.shurgard.com/corporatewww.shurgard.com/nl-nlwww.shurgard.com/nl-nl/blogwww.facebook.com/shurgardselfstorage",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Shurgard Self Storage S A', 'new building', 'Amsterdam region', 'Diemen', 'Netherlands', '1.4 million net rentable square meters', 'EPRA sBPR Gold medal', 'brand-new c. 4,500 sqm building', 'secure self- storage units', 'Shurgard Self Storage Ltd', 'accessible storage options', 'organic development pipeline', ""AA' ESG rating"", 'Sustainalytics Low risk', 'additional c. 19,200 sqm', 'new leasehold building', 'Direct project cost', 'current lettable area', 'The Hague area', 'new self-storage building', 'existing self-storage property', 'largest market share', 'new building', 'secondary building', 'new facility', 'absorption cost', 'One project', 'largest provider', 'self-storage facilities', 'self-storage solutions', 'property yield', 'One property', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', '570 dry, clean', 'combined size', 'two buildings', 'growing demand', 'seven countries', 'United Kingdom', 'GRESB 5-star', 'Sector Leader', 'European network', 'Euronext Brussels', 'market leader', 'Diemen Treubweg', 'four properties', 'Amsterdam Diemen', 'Amsterdam region', '1,200 units', '100 sqm', '65 properties', 'June', 'Netherlands', 'owner', 'operator', 'opening', 'Randstad', 'position', 'maturity', 'Amersfoort', 'summer', 'Portsmuiden', 'end', 'north', 'company', 'France', 'Sweden', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Denmark', 'MSCI', '180,000 customers', '750 people', 'symbol', 'information', 'shurgardselfstorage', '400']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GAUSSIN-SA-10093451/news/GAUSSIN-has-been-selected-to-participate-in-The-Made-in-France-Great-Exhibition-at-the-Elysee-Pala-44063510/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,GAUSSIN : has been selected to participate in The Made in France Great Exhibition at the Elysée Palace (Paris) on July 1st and July 2nd  2023,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Héricourt  June 7  2023   GAUSSIN has been selected to participate in The Made in France Great Exhibition at the Elysée Palace on July 1st and July 2nd  2023   The Group was selected from over 2 400 applicants…,"PRESS RELEASE Héricourt  June 7  2023 GAUSSIN has been selected to participate in The Made in France Great Exhibition at the Elysée Palace (Paris) on July 1st and July 2nd  2023 The Group was selected from over 2 400 applicants from all over France to display its ATM®-H2 hydrogen logistics tractor GAUSSIN (ALGAU - FR0013495298)  a pioneer of clean and smart freight transport  announces that it has successfully applied to take part in the 3rd edition of ""La Grande Exposition du Fabriqué en France"" (The Made in France Great Exhibition)  to be held at the Elysée Palace in Paris on July 1st and 2nd. During this event  sponsored by French President Emmanuel Macron  one hundred companies from all over France will present their Made in France products to the general public and the press. An exceptional showcase for GAUSSIN technology The ""Grande Exposition du Fabriqué en France"" is the annual showcase for economic players fully committed to French manufacturing. A selection committee convened by ministers Bruno Le Maire  Olivia Grégoire and Roland Lescure was tasked with drawing up the list of products to be presented to the thousands of French people expected to attend. The event is part of the government's broader policy to promote competitive  low-carbon production in France  marked in particular by the France Relance and France 2030 investment plans. The Elysée Palace will host the Grande Exposition du Fabriqué en FranceAfter several selection phases at local and national level  the government has chosen GAUSSIN from over 2 400 applicants. In all  100 companies will represent each département. GAUSSIN will be defending the colors of Haute-Saône (70). For two days  the ATM®-H2 will be on public display in the gardens of the Elysée Palace. In its application  GAUSSIN highlighted in particular : its commitment to local industrial employment o its environmental and social approacho its relocation effortso its investments in decarbonization and innovation Recognition of GAUSSIN's strategic choice for Made in France Designed entirely in France  the ATM®-H2 is developed in Haute-Saône and assembled at the Saint-Vallier site in Saône-et-Loire. The proportion of the vehicle's added value generated in France is 52%  a rate that GAUSSIN  proud of its French industrial base  aims to reinforce by sourcing in France whenever it is possible. A relocation initiative has already led to the production in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté of chassis previously produced in Eastern Europe. ATM®-H2  a pioneer in hydrogen mobility Based on the skateboard of the electric ATM®  the hydrogen version of the vehicle is the result of GAUSSIN's R&D efforts. Its development was made possible by a grant from ADEME as part of the ""i-Nov 2020"" innovation competition. Entirely powered by hydrogen  the ATM®-H2 enables zero-emission operations and offers improved  quieter working conditions. Thanks to the H2 PowerPack recharging system using the latest fuel cell and tank systems  recharging time amounts to 30 minutes for 13 hours of use. The vehicle is currently being deployed on the North American market  with an order for 20 units from Plug Power (see PR of August 16  2021). With a capacity of 38 tons  the ATM® is used to move trailers and semi-trailers in logistics  e-commerce and retail centers. Its availability rate is over 99%. Since its first delivery in 2017  it has already covered more than 1.5 million km  with an operational fleet of 110 units to date. Marketed in over 40 countries  it is the only tractor on the market to combine environmental  economic and industrial performance. GAUSSIN's ATM®-H2""It's a great source of pride  but also a great responsibility  to be one of the representatives of French know-how for a weekend. It's a fitting reward for all the teams who worked on the development of this vehicle. It is further proof of the quality of the Group's technology  and of its determination to reinforce its Made in France positioning. This event at the Elysée Palace is a prestigious showcase for a French company committed to the ecological transition "" said Christophe Gaussin  CEO of GAUSSIN. The Elysée Palace will open a ticket office for free access to the Grande Exposition du Fabriqué en France around mid-June. Next steps Opening of the €30 million bond issue on LUMO: https://www.lumo-france.com/projets/innovation-et-mobilite:June 7  2023 METALLIANCE Centenary (visit to ATM® North America production line and vehicle demonstration): June 16  2023 METALLIANCE Open Day: June 17  2023 JDL Energy in Beaune : June 21 to 23  2023 Annual General Meeting: June 27  2023 La Grande Exposition du Fabriqué en France at the Palais de l'Elysée: July 1st and July 2nd  2023 About GAUSSIN GAUSSIN is an engineering company that designs  assembles and markets innovative products and services in the field of transport and logistics. Its know-how covers the transport of goods and people  autonomous technologies for driverless use such as Automotive Guided Vehicles  and the integration of all types of batteries  particularly electric and hydrogen batteries. With more than 50 000 vehicles worldwide  GAUSSIN enjoys a strong reputation in four rapidly expanding markets: port and airport terminals  logistics and people mobility. The group has signed agreements with global companies: Qatar Airways Cargo  Maersk APMT  UPS and Amazon. Each of these partners is a world leader in its sector. GAUSSIN has expanded its business model by signing licensing agreements to accelerate the distribution of its technology throughout the world. The acquisition of METALLIANCE is the culmination of the emergence of an international group present in all segments of intelligent and clean vehicles. GAUSSIN won twice the Dubai World Challenge - Global Competition for Autonomous Transport  in 2019 and 2021. In January 2022  GAUSSIN successfully completed the 2022 Dakar Rally with its H2 Racing Truck®  the first hydrogen vehicle to take part in the race and generate zero CO2 emissions. In March 2022  Christophe Gaussin was named ""Hydrogen Personality of the Year"" during a ceremony at the French National Assembly as part of the Hydrogénies - Trophées de l'Hydrogène. In April 2023  GAUSSIN joined forces with the Japanese giant MACNICA to take over the assets of NAVYA  the French leader in autonomous driving  through the creation of a joint company dedicated to autonomous and clean mobility. GAUSSIN is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris since 2010 (EURONEXT GROWTH - FR0013495298). More information on www.GAUSSIN.com",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['France Great Exhibition', 'Elysée Palace', 'The Made', 'GAUSSIN', 'Paris', 'July', 'ATM® North America production line', 'La Grande Exposition du Fabriqué', 'H2 PowerPack recharging system', 'PRESS RELEASE Héricourt', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'ATM®-H2 hydrogen logistics tractor', 'The Elysée Palace', 'Bruno Le Maire', 'Olivia Grégoire', 'competitive, low-carbon production', 'quieter working conditions', 'latest fuel cell', 'North American market', 'Automotive Guided Vehicles', 'several selection phases', '€30 million bond issue', 'METALLIANCE Open Day', 'French industrial base', 'one hundred companies', 'R&D efforts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'smart freight transport', 'local industrial employment', 'France 2030 investment plans', 'France Great Exhibition', 'industrial performance', 'general public', 'annual showcase', 'French manufacturing', 'selection committee', 'département', 'relocation efforts', '1.5 million km', 'French company', 'METALLIANCE Centenary', 'hydrogen mobility', 'hydrogen version', 'The Made', 'great source', 'great responsibility', 'electric ATM®', '3rd edition', 'exceptional showcase', 'economic players', 'Roland Lescure', 'French people', 'broader policy', 'national level', 'Haute-Saône', 'two days', 'public display', 'social approach', 'strategic choice', 'Saint-Vallier site', 'added value', 'relocation initiative', 'Eastern Europe', 'zero-emission operations', 'tank systems', 'Plug Power', 'retail centers', 'first delivery', 'operational fleet', 'French know-how', 'fitting reward', 'prestigious showcase', 'ecological transition', 'ticket office', 'free access', 'Next steps', 'JDL Energy', 'engineering company', 'autonomous technologies', 'hydrogen batteries', 'innovative products', 'innovation Recognition', 'availability rate', 'environmental, economic', 'driverless use', 'France Relance', 'France positioning', 'Christophe Gaussin', 'vehicle demonstration', 'France products', 'GAUSSIN technology', 'GAUSSIN GAUSSIN', '100 companies', 'Paris', 'July', 'Group', '2,400 applicants', 'ALGAU', 'pioneer', 'clean', 'event', 'list', 'thousands', 'government', 'colors', 'gardens', 'application', 'commitment', 'investments', 'decarbonization', 'Loire', 'proportion', 'sourcing', 'Bourgogne-Franche-Comté', 'chassis', 'skateboard', 'result', 'development', 'grant', 'ADEME', 'time', '30 minutes', '13 hours', 'order', '20 units', 'August', 'capacity', '38 tons', 'trailers', '110 units', 'date', '40 countries', 'pride', 'representatives', 'weekend', 'teams', 'proof', 'quality', 'determination', 'CEO', 'mid-June', 'Opening', 'LUMO', 'projets', 'mobilite', 'visit', 'Beaune', 'Palais', 'markets', 'services', 'field', 'goods', 'integration', 'types', 'tha']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25875,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELENET-GROUP-HOLDING-NV-5991/news/Telenet-Publication-of-prospectus-and-response-memorandum-regarding-voluntary-and-conditional-cash-44055533/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Telenet : Publication of prospectus and response memorandum regarding voluntary and conditional cash offer by Liberty Global. Initial acceptance period to start on 8 June 2023,(marketscreener.com)  The enclosed information constitutes regulated information as defined in the Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 on the obligations of issuers of financial instruments admitted to trading on a regulated market.   Mechelen  June 7  2023 …,"The enclosed information constitutes regulated information as defined in the Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 on the obligations of issuers of financial instruments admitted to trading on a regulated market.Mechelen  June 7  2023 - Telenet Group Holding NV (""Telenet"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Brussels: TNET) announces today the publication of the prospectus related to the voluntary and conditional public takeover bid (the ""Offer"") by Liberty Global plc (""Liberty Global"")  through its wholly owned subsidiary Liberty Global Belgium Holding B.V. (""Liberty Global Belgium Holding"")  for all of the Telenet shares that it does not already own or that are not held by Telenet. In conjunction with the prospectus  the Board of Directors of Telenet has prepared a response memorandum in which it sets out its recommendation of the Offer. Both the prospectus and the response memorandum have been approved by the Financial Services and Markets Authority in Belgium (the ""FSMA""). The FSMA's approval of these documents does not imply any opinion by the FSMA on the merits or the quality of the Offer.The Offer is an offer in cash at a price of €22.00 per share  deducting the €1.00 gross dividend approved by Telenet's ordinary general meeting of 26 April 2023 as paid on 5 May 2023. This results in an Offer price of €21.00 per share (the ""Offer Price""). The Offer is subject to the conditions that  (i) as a result of the Offer  Liberty Global Belgium Holding must  together with Telenet  own at least 95% of the shares in Telenet and (ii) no material adverse change occurs with respect to the closing quote of the BEL-20 index and/or shares of Proximus NV/SA and Orange Belgium NV/SA prior to the date of the announcement of the results of the Offer (subject  in the case of Proximus NV/SA  to adjustment to take into account a dividend payment of €0.70 per share on 28 April 2023).The prospectus (including the valuation report by Lazard BV/SRL  which has been appointed as independent expert by the independent directors of the Company  in accordance with article 23 of the royal decree of 27 April 2007 on public takeovers)  the response memorandum and the acceptance form are available on the following website: shareholder-offer.beThe initial acceptance period will start on 8 June 2023 at 9 a.m. CET and end on 12 July 2023 at 4 p.m. CET (unless extended). Liberty Global intends to announce the results of the initial acceptance period on or around 19 July 2023. The Offer Price will be made payable on 26 July 2023.During the initial acceptance period  shareholders can tender their shares to the Offer by following the instructions set out in the prospectus.If  following the Offer  Liberty Global Belgium Holding  together with Telenet  owns at least 95% of the shares of Telenet and has acquired  by acceptance of the Offer  at least 90% of the shares that are the subject of the Offer  the Offer will be followed by a simplified squeeze-out bid subject to the same financial conditions as the Offer.In accordance with its obligations under Belgian law  the Board of Directors  with the support of its financial and legal advisors  has reviewed the Offer and assessed the terms and conditions thereof. The independent directors appointed Lazard BV/SRL as independent expert in accordance with article 23 of the royal decree of 27 April 2007 on public takeovers. Telenet's Board of Directors unanimously supports and recommends the Offer. The Board of Directors has provided its formal opinion in the response memorandum which is attached to the prospectus as mentioned above.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.12,0.38,True,English,"['conditional cash offer', 'Initial acceptance period', 'response memorandum', 'Liberty Global', 'Telenet', 'Publication', 'prospectus', 'voluntary', '8 June', 'Liberty Global Belgium Holding B.V.', 'conditional public takeover bid', 'Telenet Group Holding NV', 'Orange Belgium NV', 'Liberty Global plc', 'ordinary general meeting', 'material adverse change', 'initial acceptance period', 'same financial conditions', 'The Offer Price', 'squeeze-out bid', 'public takeovers', 'acceptance form', 'Royal Decree', 'financial instruments', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'response memorandum', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Authority', '€1.00 gross dividend', 'closing quote', 'BEL-20 index', 'Proximus NV/SA', 'Lazard BV/SRL', 'independent expert', 'following website', 'Belgian law', 'legal advisors', 'The FSMA', 'The Board', 'regulated information', 'formal opinion', 'independent directors', 'Telenet shares', '14 November', 'obligations', 'issuers', 'Mechelen', 'June', 'Company', 'TNET', 'publication', 'prospectus', 'voluntary', 'subsidiary', 'conjunction', 'recommendation', 'approval', 'documents', 'merits', 'quality', 'cash', '26 April', '5 May', 'result', 'respect', 'date', 'announcement', 'case', 'adjustment', 'account', 'payment', '28 April', 'report', 'accordance', 'article', '27 April', '9 a', '12 July', 'CET', '19 July', '26 July', 'shareholders', 'instructions', 'subject', 'simplified', 'support', 'terms']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25876,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXMAR-NV-5949/news/EXMAR-Saverex-Launch-takeover-bid-44055498/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,EXMAR : Saverex Launch takeover bid,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Regulated information Inside information 07/06/2023 8.00 am   SAVEREX NV LAUNCHES ITS VOLUNTARY AND CONDITIONAL PUBLIC TAKEOVER BID ON THE   REMAINING SHARES AND STOCK OPTIONS IN EXMAR NV   Exmar NV hereby …,"PRESS RELEASERegulated information Inside information 07/06/2023 8.00 amSAVEREX NV LAUNCHES ITS VOLUNTARY AND CONDITIONAL PUBLIC TAKEOVER BID ON THEREMAINING SHARES AND STOCK OPTIONS IN EXMAR NVExmar NV (""Exmar"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Brussels: EXM) hereby announces that Saverex NV (""Saverex"") has today launched its previously announced voluntary and conditional public takeover bid on all shares and stock options in Exmar which are not already directly or indirectly in the possession of Saverex or its affiliates (the ""Offer"").The initial acceptance period with respect to the Offer will open on June 8  2023 and closes on 6 July 2023 at 16:00 (Belgian time). The offer price is EUR 12.10 per share and EUR 2.48 per share option. Following the decision of the ordinary general meeting of Exmar of 16 May 2023 to pay a gross dividend of EUR 1.00 per share with an ex-dividend date on 22 May 2023  the offer price per share and the offer price per share option will be reduced accordingly by an amount of EUR 1.00 and the offer price ex-dividend will therefore amount to EUR 11.10 per share and EUR 1.48 per share option.The detailed opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company with regard to the Offer is contained in the response memorandum.The Prospectus and the response memorandum were approved by the FSMA on 6 June 2023 and are available on the following websites: www.saverextakeoverbid.com  www.belfius.be/exmar2023  www.kbc.be/exmarand www.bnpparibasfortis.be/sparenenbeleggen. The approval of the FSMA does not imply any opinion by the FSMA on the merits or the quality of the Offer  or on the condition of Saverex.About ExmarExmar is a provider of floating solutions for the operation  transportation and transformation of gas. Exmar's mission is to serve customers with innovations in the field of offshore extraction  transformation  production  storage and transportation by sea of liquefied natural gases  petrochemical gases and liquid hydrocarbons. Exmar creates economically viable and sustainable energy value chain solutions in long-term alliances with first class business partners.Exmar designs  builds  certifies  owns  leases and operates specialised  floating maritime infrastructure for this purpose as well as aiming for the highest standards in performing commercial  technical  quality assurance and administrative management for the entire maritime energy industry.Contact: Francis Mottrie  vaste vertegenwoordiger van FMO BV  CEO - +32 3 247 56 40 - +32 475 43 65 01About SaverexSaverex is the holding company of the family of Nicolas Saverys  which is active in the international shipping industry. The main activity and the main asset of Saverex is its shareholding in Exmar.DisclaimerThis notice is also published in Dutch. If ambiguities should arise from the different language versions  the Dutch version will prevail.This notice does not constitute a bid to purchase securities of Exmar nor a solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in respect thereof. The takeover bid is only made on the basis of the prospectus approved by the FSMA. Neither this notice nor any other information in respect of the matters contained herein may be supplied in any jurisdiction where a registration  qualification or any other obligation is in force or would be with regard to the content hereof or thereof. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the financial laws and regulations in such jurisdictions. Saverex and its affiliates explicitly decline any liability for breach of these restrictions by any person.For further information please contact:Francis Mottrie permanent representative of FMO BV | CEO | +32 3 247 56 40 | www.exmar.be",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Saverex Launch', 'takeover bid', 'EXMAR', 'sustainable energy value chain solutions', 'vaste vertegenwoordiger van FMO BV', 'first class business partners', 'entire maritime energy industry', 'specialised, floating maritime infrastructure', 'commercial, technical, quality assurance', 'Francis Mottrie permanent representative', 'conditional public takeover bid', 'international shipping industry', 'initial acceptance period', 'ordinary general meeting', 'different language versions', 'liquefied natural gases', 'SAVEREX NV LAUNCHES', 'floating solutions', 'petrochemical gases', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Belgian time', 'ex-dividend date', 'response memorandum', 'following websites', 'offshore extraction', 'liquid hydrocarbons', 'long-term alliances', 'highest standards', 'administrative management', 'Nicolas Saverys', 'main activity', 'main asset', 'other obligation', 'financial laws', 'Regulated information', 'REMAINING SHARES', 'stock options', 'offer price', 'gross dividend', 'detailed opinion', 'Dutch version', 'other information', 'share option', 'EXMAR NV', 'holding company', 'The Prospectus', 'VOLUNTARY', 'possession', 'affiliates', 'respect', 'June', '6 July', 'decision', '16 May', '22 May', 'amount', 'Board', 'Directors', 'regard', 'FSMA', 'belfius', 'approval', 'merits', 'provider', 'operation', 'transportation', 'transformation', 'mission', 'customers', 'innovations', 'field', 'production', 'storage', 'sea', 'viable', 'purpose', 'performing', 'Contact', 'CEO', 'family', 'shareholding', 'Disclaimer', 'notice', 'ambiguities', 'securities', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'basis', 'matters', 'registration', 'qualification', 'force', 'content', 'failure', 'restrictions', 'violation', 'regulations', 'liability', 'breach', 'person']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25877,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/Valneva-Presentation-ndash-Jefferies-Healthcare-Conference-2023-44063244/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Valneva : Presentation – Jefferies Healthcare Conference 2023,(marketscreener.com)    A LEADING SPECIALTY VACCINE   COMPANY   COMPANY PRESENTATION   JEFFERIES HEALTHCARE   CONFERNCE 2023     1      Disclaimer   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/Valneva-Prese…,"DisclaimerThis presentation does not contain or constitute an offer of  or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for  Valneva SE shares to any person in the USA or in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.Valneva is a European company. Information distributed is subject to European disclosure requirements that are different from those of the United States. Financial statements and information may be prepared according to accounting standards which may not be comparable to those used generally by companies in the United States.This presentation includes only summary information provided as of the date of this presentation only and does not purport to be comprehensive. Any information in this presentation is purely indicative and subject to modification at any time without notice. Valneva does not warrant the completeness  accuracy or correctness of the information or opinions contained in this presentation. None of Valneva  or any of its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees is under any obligation to update such information or shall bear any liability for any loss arising from any use of this presentation. The information has not been subject to independent verification and is qualified in its entirety by the business  financial and other information that Valneva is required to publish in accordance with the rules  regulations and practices applicable to companies listed on Euronext Paris and the NASDAQ Global Select Market  including in particular the risk factors described in Valneva's universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) on March 30  2023 (document d'enregistrement universel 2022) under number D. 23-0199 (the ""2022 URD"")  and in the Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 30  2023  as well as the information in any other periodic report and in any other press release  which are available free of charge on the websites of Valneva (www.valneva.com) and/or the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and SEC (www.sec.gov).Certain information and statements included in this presentation are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements  including statements with respect to revenue guidance  the progress  timing  completion  and results of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates and estimates for future performance of both Valneva and certain markets in which it operates. The forward-looking statements (a) are based on current beliefs  expectations and assumptions  including  without limitation  assumptions regarding present and future business strategies and the environment in which Valneva operates  and involve known and unknown risk  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements  (b) speak only as of the date this presentation is released  and (c) are for illustrative purposes only. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are not guarantees of future performances and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Valneva.This presentation presents information about VLA1553  an investigational vaccine candidate that has not been approved for use and has not been determined by any regulatory authority to be safe or effective.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'Valneva', 'Presentation', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'NASDAQ Global Select Market', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'U.S. Securities', 'investigational vaccine candidate', 'European disclosure requirements', 'other periodic report', 'other press release', 'universal registration document', 'future business strategies', 'business, financial', 'regulatory authority', 'European company', 'other factors', 'future performances', 'Financial statements', 'United States', 'accounting standards', 'independent verification', 'Euronext Paris', 'risk factors', 'number D.', 'Exchange Commission', 'france.org', 'historical facts', 'revenue guidance', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'current beliefs', 'unknown risk', 'illustrative purposes', 'various risks', 'other information', 'looking statements', 'actual results', 'summary information', 'Certain information', 'forward-looking information', 'Valneva SE', 'Disclaimer', 'presentation', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'person', 'USA', 'jurisdiction', 'companies', 'modification', 'time', 'notice', 'completeness', 'accuracy', 'correctness', 'opinions', 'None', 'affiliates', 'directors', 'officers', 'advisors', 'employees', 'obligation', 'liability', 'loss', 'use', 'entirety', 'accordance', 'rules', 'regulations', 'practices', 'AMF', 'enregistrement', '2022 URD', 'charge', 'websites', 'respect', 'progress', 'timing', 'completion', 'research', 'development', 'estimates', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'limitation', 'environment', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'Investors', 'guarantees', 'control', 'VLA1553', '30']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25878,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2684187/0/en/Atos-Combined-General-Meeting-of-June-28-2023-Access-to-information.html,Atos - Combined General Meeting of June 28  2023 - Access to information,Combined General Meeting of June 28  2023: Access to information           Paris  France  on June 7  2023 –The shareholders of Atos SE are invited...,English FrenchCombined General Meeting of June 28  2023: Access to informationParis  France  on June 7  2023 –The shareholders of Atos SE are invited to participate in the Combined General Meeting of the Company which will be held on June 28  2023 at2:00 p.m. (Paris time) at the Company registered office  in the auditorium  River Ouest - 80 quai Voltaire  95870 Bezons.It is reminded that the General Meeting will also be broadcasted live on the above-mentioned website and the video recording will then be available for replay in the same section.The convening notice  including the agenda  the draft resolutions and the conditions to participate in this General Meeting  was published in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) n°62 of May 24  2023. Shareholders are also invited to refer to the Addendum to the convening brochure published on the website.The convening notice will be published in the BALO dated June 12  2023.The documents provided for by Article R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code will be made available to the shareholders as from the date of the convening notice for the meeting in accordance with applicable regulations:shareholders holding registered shares (actions au nominatif) may  up to and including the fifth day prior to the meeting  request that the Company sends these documents to them. For shareholders holding bearer shares  the exercize of this right is subject to the provision of a certificate of registration in the accounts of the bearer shares maintained by the authorized intermediary;shareholders may consult these documents at the Company’s registered office during the 15 days period preceding the meeting.The documents referred to in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted and downloaded on the Company’s website  in the part dedicated to the General Meetings in the investors’ section: https://atos.net/en/investors/annual-general-meeting .****About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and servicessupport the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Contacts:Investor Relations: Thomas Guillois – thomas.guillois@atos.net - +33 6 21 34 36 62Media: Anette Rey – anette.rey@atos.net - +33 69 79 84 88Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Atos', 'June', 'Access', 'information', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'French Commercial Code', 'Combined General Meeting', 'secure information space', 'English French', 'General Meetings', 'River Ouest', '80 quai Voltaire', 'video recording', 'same section', 'convening notice', 'draft resolutions', 'convening brochure', 'applicable regulations', 'registered shares', 'bearer shares', 'authorized intermediary', '15 days period', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Article R.', 'registered office', 'investors’ section', 'decarbonization services', 'atos.net', 'Company registered', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Anette Rey', 'Atos SE', 'June', 'Access', 'France', 'shareholders', 'auditorium', '95870 Bezons', 'website', 'replay', 'agenda', 'conditions', 'BALO', 'May', 'Addendum', 'documents', 'date', 'accordance', 'actions', 'fifth', 'exercize', 'right', 'provision', 'certificate', 'registration', 'accounts', 'part', 'annual-general-meeting', '110,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '2:00']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25879,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCO-NV-5972/news/Barco-achieves-a-great-milestone-with-its-CO2-Neutral-label-for-ClickShare-CX-50-2nd-generation-44057525/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Barco : achieves a great milestone with its CO2 Neutral label for ClickShare CX-50 2nd generation,(marketscreener.com)    Jun 7  2023    Barco achieves a great milestone with its CO2 Neutral label for ClickShare CX-50 2nd generation      Kortrijk  Belgium  7 June 2023. ClickShare CX-50 2nd generation - the latest addition to the ClickShare wi…,"Kortrijk  Belgium  7 June 2023. ClickShare CX-50 2nd generation - the latest addition to the ClickShare wireless conferencing range - was granted the CO2 Neutral Silver label by leading climate advisory organization CO2logic.Barco ClickShare CX-50 2nd generation is one of the first carbon-neutral wireless conferencing solutions in the market. The carbon-neutral label indisputably guarantees that Barco has significantly reduced the CO2 emissions throughout the product lifecycle of the CX-50 2nd generation. The remaining amount of CO2 is offset to guarantee a real climate action.This accomplishment is a natural extension of Barco's values and ambitious sustainability goals to lower its own environmental footprint and that of its customers  based on the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The carbon footprint of the CX-50 2nd generation was calculated considering the emissions from the production process  product usage and end-of-life processing. Reducing emissions was achieved by focusing on four areas established as critical by Barco: Energy performance. The CX-50 2nd generation is designed with a strong focus on energy efficiency and complies with the strictest requirements for standby mode. Use of materials. Barco chooses recycled and durable materials. The CX-50 2nd generation is made with 100% non-paint  recyclable plastics and halogen-free PCB. Packaging & logistics. ClickShare uses biodegradable sugarcane packaging that can be fully recycled and reused. Barco strives to make packaging as light as possible and uses sea shipment to minimize its end-to-end logistic footprint. Lifecycle. ClickShare's Trade-in Program provides a sustainable solution for customers to replace their older hardware  which is recycled in an environmentally-conscious way.The remaining carbon emissions associated with the production and use of the CX-50 2nd generation are offset by the Qianbei Afforestation Project  which consists of strategically planting trees to transform wasteland into a thriving forest in the Guizhou province in South China.The project is not only conducive to the environment but also to the local community  widening access to education  improving gender equality and giving a boost to the local economy. More than 16 000 people  of which 70% women  are employed in this project. They benefit from educational programs and additional skills consisting in forest management training  such as fire prevention or forest pest control.""This is a great achievement for us. With one of the first carbon-neutral solutions in the industry  ClickShare sets itself apart as a trailblazer in the industry "" Stijn Henderickx  EVP Meeting & Learning Experience concludes. ""It strengthens our commitment to innovate for a greener future for people and planet  and deliver to our customers the most sustainable  compliant and performant solutions for their workplace.""About Barco Barco is a global company with headquarters in Kortrijk (Belgium). Our visualization and collaboration technology helps professionals accelerate innovation in the healthcare and enterprise and entertainment markets. We count over 3 000 visioneers  whose passion for technology is captured in over 500 unique patents. Barco is a listed company (Euronext: BAR; Reuters: BARBt.BR; Bloomberg: BAR BB) and realized sales of 1 058 million euro in 2022. Interested to connect? www.barco.comor on Twitter (@Barco)  LinkedIn (Barco)  YouTube (BarcoTV)  Instagram (barco_nv) and Facebook (Barco). Barco. Visioneering a bright tomorrow. © Copyright 2023 by Barco",positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.19,0.17,True,English,"['ClickShare CX-50 2nd generation', 'CO2 Neutral label', 'great milestone', 'Barco', 'United Nations Sustainable Development Goals', 'leading climate advisory organization', 'Barco ClickShare CX-50 2nd generation', 'The CX-50 2nd generation', 'ClickShare wireless conferencing range', 'CO2 Neutral Silver label', 'ambitious sustainability goals', 'wireless conferencing solutions', 'real climate action', '100% non-paint, recyclable plastics', 'forest management training', 'forest pest control', 'end logistic footprint', 'biodegradable sugarcane packaging', 'Qianbei Afforestation Project', 'first carbon-neutral solutions', 'remaining carbon emissions', 'carbon-neutral label', 'sustainable solution', 'sustainable, compliant', 'carbon footprint', 'thriving forest', 'performant solutions', 'remaining amount', 'CO2 emissions', 'environmental footprint', 'latest addition', 'natural extension', 'product usage', 'life processing', 'Reducing emissions', 'four areas', 'Energy performance', 'strong focus', 'energy efficiency', 'strictest requirements', 'standby mode', 'halogen-free PCB', 'sea shipment', 'older hardware', 'conscious way', 'Guizhou province', 'South China', 'local community', 'gender equality', 'local economy', 'educational programs', 'additional skills', 'fire prevention', 'great achievement', 'Stijn Henderickx', 'EVP Meeting', 'Learning Experience', 'greener future', 'global company', 'entertainment markets', '500 unique patents', 'listed company', 'BARBt.BR', 'bright tomorrow', 'product lifecycle', 'production process', 'durable materials', 'collaboration technology', 'Barco Barco', 'Kortrijk', 'Belgium', '7 June', 'accomplishment', 'values', 'customers', 'Use', 'recycled', 'logistics', 'Trade', 'trees', 'wasteland', 'access', 'boost', 'More', '16,000 people', '70% women', 'industry', 'trailblazer', 'commitment', 'planet', 'workplace', 'headquarters', 'visualization', 'professionals', 'innovation', 'healthcare', 'enterprise', '3,000 visioneers', 'passion', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'BB', 'sales', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'BarcoTV', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'Copyright', '58']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25880,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-LIQUIDE-4605/news/Air-Liquide-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-44057864/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Air Liquide : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE   Paris  June 7  2023   Evolutions within Air Liquide's Executive Committee starting September 1  2023   Starting September 1  2023  under the leadership of François Jackow  Chief Executive Ofcer  the Executiv…,"PRESS RELEASEParis  June 7  2023Evolutions within Air Liquide's Executive Committee starting September 1  2023Starting September 1  2023  under the leadership of François Jackow  Chief Executive Ofcer  the Executive Committee will be established as follows:François ABRIAL  a French citizen  is appointed General Secretary for the Group. He will supervise the Group Control and Compliance Department  the Group Legal Department  Public and International Affairs  as well as Digital & IT.is appointed General Secretary for the Group. He will supervise the Group Control and Compliance Department  the Group Legal Department  Public and International Affairs  as well as Digital & IT. Ronnie CHALMERS  a British citizen  is appointed CEO of the Asia Pacifc Hub.is appointed CEO of the Asia Pacifc Hub. Marcelo FIORANELLI  a Brazilian citizen   remains CEO of Airgas.Matthieu GIARD  a French citizen  is appointed CEO of the Americas Hub.is appointed CEO of the Americas Hub. Mike GRAFF  an American citizen   is Executive Vice-President. He will continue to supervise the Engineering & Construction activity  and chairs the Boards of Directors of Group holdings in the Americas.  is Executive Vice-President. He will continue to supervise the Engineering & Construction activity  and chairs the Boards of Directors of Group holdings in the Americas. Armelle LEVIEUX  a French citizen   is appointed Vice-President of Innovation. She will also supervise the Hydrogen Energy and Electronics World Business Lines.  is appointed Vice-President of Innovation. She will also supervise the Hydrogen Energy and Electronics World Business Lines. Emilie MOUREN-RENOUARD  a French citizen  is appointed CEO of the Europe Industries Hub.is appointed CEO of the Europe Industries Hub. Jérôme PELLETAN  a French citizen  remains Chief Financial Ofcer for the Group  and also supervises the Shareholder Services Department.remains Chief Financial Ofcer for the Group  and also supervises the Shareholder Services Department. Jean-Marc de ROYERE  a French citizen  remains in charge of societal programs and is Chairman of the Air Liquide Foundation.remains in charge of societal programs and is Chairman of the Air Liquide Foundation. Diana SCHILLAG  a German citizen  remains CEO of Europe Healthcare and will continue to supervise the Healthcare World Business Line as well as the Sustainable Development and the Group's Procurement functions.remains CEO of Europe Healthcare and will continue to supervise the Healthcare World Business Line as well as the Sustainable Development and the Group's Procurement functions. François VENET  a French citizen   will continue to supervise the Large Industries World Business Line and the Group's Strategy function.  will continue to supervise the Large Industries World Business Line and the Group's Strategy function. Pascal VINET  a French citizen  is appointed Executive Vice-President. He will continue to supervise the Europe Industries Hub and the Africa / Middle East / India Hub  the Group Safety and Industrial System function. He will now also supervise the Industrial Merchant World Business Line.is appointed Executive Vice-President. He will continue to supervise the Europe Industries Hub and the Africa / Middle East / India Hub  the Group Safety and Industrial System function. He will now also supervise the Industrial Merchant World Business Line. Finally  the Human Resources Management will be announced at a later date.François Jackow  CEO of the Air Liquide group : ""This new organization of the Executive Committee will enable us to pursue our performance and growth trajectory. Hence  we are preparing the future  while taking full advantage of the expertise and experience of a strong  committed team with complementary skills.""CONTACTSCorporate Communications Investor Relations media@airliquide.com IRTeam@airliquide.comA world leader in gases  technologies and services for Industry and Health  Air Liquide is present in 73 countries with approximately 67 100 employees and serves more than 3.9 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide's scientific territory and have been at the core of the company's activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide's strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group benefits from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition-particularly with hydrogen-and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide's revenue amounted to more than 29.9 billion euros in 2022. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50  FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Air Liquide', 'Inside Information', 'Industrial Merchant World Business Line', 'Large Industries World Business Line', 'Electronics World Business Lines', 'Jérôme PELLETAN', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Healthcare World Business Line', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'Industrial System function', 'François Jackow', 'François ABRIAL', 'Jean-Marc de ROYERE', 'François VENET', 'Human Resources Management', 'strong, committed team', 'essential small molecules', 'Europe Industries Hub', 'Asia Pacifc Hub', 'Chief Financial Ofcer', 'Chief Executive Ofcer', 'Shareholder Services Department', 'Air Liquide Foundation', 'Group Legal Department', 'Air Liquide group', 'world leader', 'business model', 'Europe Healthcare', 'Compliance Department', 'India Hub', 'Strategy function', 'Executive Committee', 'Americas Hub', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'French citizen', 'General Secretary', 'International Affairs', 'Ronnie CHALMERS', 'British citizen', 'Marcelo FIORANELLI', 'Brazilian citizen', 'Matthieu GIARD', 'Mike GRAFF', 'American citizen', 'Construction activity', 'Armelle LEVIEUX', 'Emilie MOUREN-RENOUARD', 'societal programs', 'Diana SCHILLAG', 'German citizen', 'Sustainable Development', 'Procurement functions', 'Pascal VINET', 'Middle East', 'later date', 'new organization', 'growth trajectory', 'full advantage', 'complementary skills', '3.9 million customers', 'scientific territory', 'strategic plan', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'new markets', 'major assets', '29.9 billion euros', 'compartment A', 'Executive Vice-President', 'energy transition', 'Group Control', 'Group holdings', 'Group Safety', 'The Group', 'global performance', 'technological expertise', 'high technologies', 'Hydrogen Energy', 'June', 'Evolutions', 'September', 'leadership', 'Public', 'Digital', 'CEO', 'Airgas', 'Engineering', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'Innovation', 'charge', 'Chairman', 'Africa', 'future', 'experience', 'CONTACTS', 'IRTeam', 'gases', 'Industry', '73 countries', '67,100 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'nitrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'company', 'activities', 'creation', 'action', 'heart', 'ADVANCE', 'resilience', 'strength', 'ability', 'solutions', 'climate', 'areas', 'revenue', 'CAC 40']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25881,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-Combined-General-Meeting-of-June-28-2023-Access-to-information-44063939/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Atos - Combined General Meeting of June 28  2023 - Access to information,(marketscreener.com) Combined General Meeting of June 28  2023: Access to information Paris  France  on June 7  2023 –The shareholders of Atos SE are invited to participate in the Combined General Meeting of the Company which will be held on June 28  2023 at …,Combined General Meeting of June 28  2023: Access to informationParis  France  on June 7  2023 –The shareholders of Atos SE are invited to participate in the Combined General Meeting of the Company which will be held on June 28  2023 at2:00 p.m. (Paris time) at the Company registered office  in the auditorium  River Ouest - 80 quai Voltaire  95870 Bezons.It is reminded that the General Meeting will also be broadcasted live on the above-mentioned website and the video recording will then be available for replay in the same section.The convening notice  including the agenda  the draft resolutions and the conditions to participate in this General Meeting  was published in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) n°62 of May 24  2023. Shareholders are also invited to refer to the Addendum to the convening brochure published on the website.The convening notice will be published in the BALO dated June 12  2023.The documents provided for by Article R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code will be made available to the shareholders as from the date of the convening notice for the meeting in accordance with applicable regulations:shareholders holding registered shares (actions au nominatif) may  up to and including the fifth day prior to the meeting  request that the Company sends these documents to them. For shareholders holding bearer shares  the exercize of this right is subject to the provision of a certificate of registration in the accounts of the bearer shares maintained by the authorized intermediary;shareholders may consult these documents at the Company’s registered office during the 15 days period preceding the meeting.The documents referred to in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted and downloaded on the Company’s website  in the part dedicated to the General Meetings in the investors’ section: https://atos.net/en/investors/annual-general-meeting .****About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and servicessupport the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Contacts:Investor Relations: Thomas Guillois – thomas.guillois@atos.net - +33 6 21 34 36 62Media: Anette Rey – anette.rey@atos.net - +33 69 79 84 88Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Atos', 'June', 'Access', 'information', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'French Commercial Code', 'Combined General Meeting', 'secure information space', 'Company registered office', 'General Meetings', 'registered shares', 'River Ouest', '80 quai Voltaire', 'video recording', 'same section', 'convening notice', 'draft resolutions', 'convening brochure', 'applicable regulations', 'bearer shares', 'authorized intermediary', '15 days period', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Article R.', 'investors’ section', 'decarbonization services', 'atos.net', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Anette Rey', 'Atos SE', 'June', 'Access', 'France', 'shareholders', 'auditorium', '95870 Bezons', 'website', 'replay', 'agenda', 'conditions', 'BALO', 'May', 'Addendum', 'documents', 'date', 'accordance', 'actions', 'nominatif', 'fifth', 'exercize', 'right', 'provision', 'certificate', 'registration', 'accounts', 'part', 'annual-general-meeting', '110,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '2:00']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25882,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENFIT-16311755/news/GENFIT-Announces-New-Data-at-the-European-Association-for-the-Study-of-the-Liver-EASL-Congress-202-44064306/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,GENFIT Announces New Data at the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Congress 2023,(marketscreener.com) Lille ; Cambridge ; Zurich ; June 7  2023 - GENFIT   a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today announced that it will present new data at the EASL Congre…,Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); June 7  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today announced that it will present new data at the EASL Congress which will take place on June 21-24  2023 in Vienna  Austria.Posters and PresentationsGENFIT has had three abstracts accepted for poster sessions. Presentations include preclinical data showing the beneficial effects of nitazoxanide (NTZ) in an Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) disease model  NIS2+™ as an effective screening tool for optimizing patient selection in clinical trials targeting at-risk Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) and NIS2+™ as the most adapted Non-Invasive Test (NIT) for an efficient identification of at-risk NASH that is not impacted by age.Poster 1: Preclinical data showing beneficial effects of NTZ in an ACLF disease modelTitle: Nitazoxanide counteracts lipopolysaccharide-induced hepatic and renal transcriptomic profile changes to improve systemic inflammation and organ damage in a disease model of acute-on-chronic liver failurePoster: THU-342Author/s: Legry V. et al.Session: June 22  2023: Cirrhosis and its complications: Experimental and pathophysiology (selected for the Poster Tour that will be held between 4:15pm – 5:00pm at the Cirrhosis & complications track hub).Poster 2: NIS2+™ as an effective screening tool for optimizing patient selection in clinical trials targeting at-risk NASHTitle: NIS2+™ as a screening tool for optimizing patient selection in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis therapeutic trialsPoster: SAT-421Author/s: Ratziu V.  Harrison S.A. et al.Session: June 24  2023 between 9.00am – 5.00pm at NAFLD: Diagnostics and non-invasive assessment (selected for inclusion in the Best of EASL Congress summary slide deck).Poster 3: NIS2+™ as the most adapted Non-Invasive Test (NIT) for an efficient identification of at-risk NASH that is not impacted by ageTitle: Impact of age as a confounding factor on non-invasive blood-based tests for the evaluation of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): comparing NIS2+™ to established testsPoster: SAT-417Author/s: Anstee  Q.M. et al.Session: June 24  2023 between 9.00am – 5.00pm at NAFLD: Diagnostics and non-invasive assessmentKey eventsGENFIT will host an investigator meeting on June 22  2023 in relation to the international UNVEIL-IT™ Phase 2 study which is currently being conducted  evaluating VS-01 in ACLF.ABOUT EASLThe European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Annual Congress is a major international conference for researchers  physicians  and other healthcare professionals in the field of liver disease. The annual meeting typically features presentations on the latest research and advances in the diagnosis  treatment and management of liver conditions  as well as opportunities for networking and professional development. EASL Congress 2023 is scheduled to take place in Vienna from June 21st to 24th 2023 at Messe Wien Exhibition Congress Centre  and will likely attract more than 9000 attendees worldwide.ABOUT ACLFGENFIT’s Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) franchise now comprises 3 clinical stage assets (VS-01  NTZ and SRT-015) based on differentiated mechanisms of action leveraging complementary pathways.ACLF is a rare  life-threatening  but potentially reversible condition of varied etiology. ACLF is recognized clinically as a syndrome  globally defined by multi-organ dysfunction and failure in patients with chronic liver disease or liver cirrhosis and high short-term mortality within a period of 28 to 90 days.Patients with cirrhosis may initially be compensated. With progression  many patients will go on to have acute decompensation of cirrhosis characterized by the rapid development of complications such as ascites  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  gastrointestinal hemorrhage  or bacterial infection  which are very common causes of hospitalization. On admission  approximately 30% of these patients will develop liver and/or other organ failure(s) (i.e  brain  kidneys  cardiovascular and respiratory) and will be considered as having ACLF.1 2 3 4 5ABOUT NIS2+™NIS2+™ is a blood-based diagnostic test specifically designed to detect at-risk NASH among patients with metabolic risk factors based on an independent 2-biomarker panel. It was developed and validated by GENFIT as a robust Non-Invasive Test (NIT) across characteristics of interest such as type-2 diabetes  age and sex  allowing large-scale implementation in clinical practice.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via seven programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD)  organic acidemias (OA) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 in relation to the clinical performance of NIS2+™ in NASH and NTZ in ACLF patients. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “targeted”  “anticipated”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  cost of  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis  our capacity to integrate its assets  develop its programs and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 18  2023  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 18  2023. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Arroyo V et al.  J Hepatol  2015  62(1 Suppl)  S131-S1432 Malik R et al.  J Hepatol  2009  51(3)  426-93 Olson JC et al.  Hepatology  2011  54(5)  1864-724 Jalan R et al.  J Hepatol  2012  57(6)  1336-485 Wlodzimirow KA et al.  Liver International  2013  33(1)  40-42Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.16,0.5,True,English,"['New Data', 'European Association', 'EASL) Congress', 'GENFIT', 'Study', 'Liver', 'Messe Wien Exhibition Congress Centre', 'EASL Congress summary slide deck', 'nonalcoholic steatohepatitis therapeutic trials Poster', 'renal transcriptomic profile changes', 'high unmet medical needs', 'international UNVEIL-IT™ Phase 2 study', 'other organ failure(s', 'non-alcoholic fatty liver disease', 'robust Non-Invasive Test (NIT', 'chronic liver failure Poster', 'risk Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis', 'Harrison S.A.', 'major international conference', 'other healthcare professionals', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'The European Association', 'high short-term mortality', 'independent 2-biomarker panel', 'strong scientific heritage', 'blood-based diagnostic test', 'chronic liver disease', 'severe liver diseases', 'invasive blood-based tests', 'EASL) Annual Congress', 'effective screening tool', 'metabolic risk factors', 'liver disease research', '3 clinical stage assets', 'complications track hub', 'ACLF) disease model', 'ACLF disease model', 'risk NASH Title', 'clinical trials', 'organ damage', 'high potential', 'tests Poster', 'liver conditions', 'annual meeting', 'latest research', 'early-stage assets', 'non-invasive assessment', 'poster sessions', 'Poster Tour', 'clinical practice', 'United States', 'new data', 'three abstracts', 'preclinical data', 'beneficial effects', 'patient selection', 'efficient identification', 'lipopolysaccharide-induced hepatic', 'systemic inflammation', 'Legry V.', 'Ratziu V.', 'confounding factor', 'Q.M.', 'Key events', 'investigator meeting', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'complementary pathways', 'reversible condition', 'varied etiology', 'multi-organ dysfunction', '28 to 90 days', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'gastrointestinal hemorrhage', 'bacterial infection', 'common causes', 'large-scale implementation', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'liver cirrhosis', 'professional development', 'rapid development', 'late development', 'ACLF) franchise', 'acute decompensation', 'age Title', 'many patients', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'June', 'GENFIT', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'rare', 'place', 'Vienna', 'Austria', 'Posters', 'Presentations', 'nitazoxanide', 'NTZ', 'THU', 'Author/s', 'Experimental', 'pathophysiology', '+™', '9.00am', 'NAFLD', 'Diagnostics', 'inclusion', 'Best', 'Impact', 'evaluation', 'Anstee', 'relation', 'VS', 'researchers', 'physicians', 'field', 'advances', 'diagnosis', 'treatment', 'management', 'opportunities', 'networking', '9000 attendees', 'SRT', 'action', 'syndrome', 'period', 'progression', 'ascites', 'hospitalization', 'brain', 'kidneys', 'cardiovascular', 'respiratory', 'characteristics', 'interest', 'type-2', 'diabetes', 'sex', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'pre-commer', '4:15', '5:00', '5.00']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25883,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-named-among-newsweeks-list-of-top-100-global-most-loved-workplaces-for-2023-301844315.html,Teleperformance Named Among Newsweek's List of Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces for 2023,NEW YORK  June 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  announced today that it was named among Newsweek's list of 2023 Global Top 100 Most Loved Workplaces®. The list is the newest list in the Most Loved Workplac…,"NEW YORK  June 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  announced today that it was named among Newsweek's list of 2023 Global Top 100 Most Loved Workplaces®. The list is the newest list in the Most Loved Workplace® collaboration with the Best Practice Institute (BPI)  a leadership development and benchmark research company.The list recognizes companies that put respect  caring  and appreciation for their employees at the center of their business model and  in doing so  have earned the loyalty and respect of the people who work for them.Teleperformance was named among Newsweek's list of Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces for 2023 Tweet this Teleperformance was named among Newsweek’s llst of Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces for 2023""Our people are who make Teleperformance great  and we're honored to be recognized on Newsweek's list of the Global Top 100 Most Loved Workplaces "" said Alan Winters  Chief People and Diversity Officer  Deputy Chief Global Compliance Officer  Teleperformance Group. ""From our core values to employee resource groups and community support activities  we actively work with our employees to help define and shape our culture of high engagement  authenticity  integrity and mutual respect. We see this reflected in the care our people provide to our clients and their customers  and the good that they do to benefit the communities in which we work and live across the globe.""The Newsweek List of Top 100 Global Most Lobed Workplaces for 2023 is just one of the latest workplace accolades Teleperformance has received. The company was named among the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For list  and the World's Best Workplaces 2022 by Great Place to Work and Fortune magazine. It also was named to PEOPLE's annual list of 100 Companies that Care for 2022.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group's global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million. Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.SOURCE Teleperformance",neutral,0.18,0.82,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces', 'Teleperformance', 'Newsweek', 'List', 'Top 100 Global Most Lobed Workplaces', 'Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces', 'Global Top 100 Most Loved Workplaces', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Chief Global Compliance Officer', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Loved Workplace® collaboration', 'deferred settlement service', 'Euronext Paris market', 'employee resource groups', 'community support activities', 'latest workplace accolades', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Best Practice Institute', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'benchmark research company', 'digital business services', 'Fortune 100 Best Companies', 'Best Workplaces', 'FTSE4Good index', 'global leader', 'global scale', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'The Newsweek List', 'Diversity Officer', 'business model', 'Fortune magazine', 'Chief People', 'Safety services', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'The Group', 'NEW YORK', 'leadership development', 'Alan Winters', 'core values', 'high engagement', 'Great Place', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'online users', 'brand reputation', 'recruitment process', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'TEP FP', 'newest list', 'annual list', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'mutual respect', 'passionate people', 'Teleperformance Group', '100 Companies', 'June', 'BPI', 'appreciation', 'employees', 'center', 'loyalty', 'Deputy', 'culture', 'authenticity', 'integrity', 'clients', 'customers', 'communities', 'globe', 'World', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'Trust', 'range', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', '410,000 inspired', '300 languages', 'force', 'environment', 'area', 'September', '2023', '2022']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,prnewswire.com
25884,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NETGEM-4779/news/Netgem-launches-latest-Multiscreen-TV-service-for-ZEOP-in-France-with-new-Netgem-UI-on-Android-TV-44056966/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Netgem : launches latest Multiscreen TV service for ZEOP in France  with new Netgem UI on Android TV,(marketscreener.com)   Netgem launches latest Multiscreen TV service for ZEOP in   France  with new Netgem UI on Android TV   Paris - 7th June 2023 - Netgem launches a complete revamp of the Zeop TV product in the 'La Reunion' territory in France  wit…,"The Android TV service was developed on Netgem Entertainment platform and certified as 'Operator Tier' for Zeop  leveraging the 25+ years of expertise in TV & Streaming technologies - and for the first time on a third-party TV STB  marking a key milestone in Netgem Multi- screen / Multi-device Roadmap.Zeop TV  with a reach of 100 000+ customers  is at this occasion enhanced with 12 more Replay services  added to the best quality live experience  all accessible via the same acclaimed UI for 'the most advanced TV service'  already running on Netgem TV boxes  Apple TV  Laptop browsers and Mobile Apps.Paris - 7th June 2023 - Netgem launches a complete revamp of the Zeop TV product in the 'La Reunion' territory in France  with the latest versions of its Award-winning Multiscreen Apps introducing more content and more features in a super-aggregator model. Netgem takes the opportunity to expand its Entertainment service proposition for Operators with the addition of a powerful Android TV Operator Tier solution  taking the Netgem TV Award-winning User Interface to Android TV boxes.Now Netgem can offer any operator wishing to evolve their TV UX and embrace more content  with a very fast time-to-market  running on any Android TV STB. Netgem not only offers a future-proof solution for Operators with a strong central innovation Roadmap  but also delivers savings in terms of Capex and Opex to the Operators with the combination of its Cloud-based aggregation Platform and cost-effective Android TV devices provided in partnership with ZTE.Mathias Hautefort  CEO of Netgem: ""We have proved once again that Netgem strong expertise in TV & Streaming delivers value to Telecom Operators in terms of efficiency  and flexibility for managing Entertainment services.""Emmanuel André  CEO of Zeop  is delighted with this launch: ""We are committed to deliver the best entertainment always with a super simple experience. With this in mind  Zeop can rely on Netgem expertise and capability to deliver a full operate service to our customers.""Jianbo Wang  CEO of ZTE France & Benelux: ""We are very pleased to work with Netgem on launching a new generation of TV & Streaming services  now available across our range of leading edge Android TV STBs and dongles. This combination of exciting Streaming services offers great opportunities for Telecom operators to differentiate themselves in a very cost effective way with innovative TV devices  and we will be building on this first launch with Zeop to expand the new joint proposition to more Operators across Europe.""About NetgemNetgem.tv is a digital video entertainment platform for families. The platform's services allow rights holders to enhance their content  and telecom operators to create or improve their entertainment service. The platform offers content from around a hundred French and international rights holders and is used to provide operator-branded services (B2B2C model) to more than 500 000 subscriber households. Netgem is listed on Euronext Growth. (ISIN : FR0004154060  Reuters : ETGM.PA  Bloomberg: ALNTG FP) @netgem #netgemAbout ZEOPZEOP is the leading fixed broadband operator and 4G+ mobile operator in La Réunion. ZEOP designs  builds and operates its own fiber optic broadband network (FTTH  FTTO and FTTC)  fully independent from the incumbent operator's ADSL network. ZEOP is the Réunion's leading high-speed broadband operator in terms of market share  delivering 2.4 Gb/s bandwith for more than 30% of the households and companies in the Island. 100% of its customers have access to triple-play offers  HD TV and VOD. A Réunionese operator for Réunionese  Zeop employs over 250 people in La Réunion. Since May 14  2019  ZEOP has also been operating its own 4G+ mobile network  the first French mobile network to include unlimited internet in all its offers.www.zeop.re| presse@zeop.rePress Contact :Patricia Ouaki patricia.ouaki@forcemedia.fr +33 (0)1.44.40.24.01",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['latest Multiscreen TV service', 'new Netgem UI', 'Android TV', 'ZEOP', 'France', 'powerful Android TV Operator Tier solution', 'leading edge Android TV STBs', 'Netgem TV Award-winning User Interface', 'leading fixed broadband operator', 'leading high-speed broadband operator', 'fiber optic broadband network', 'cost-effective Android TV devices', 'best quality live experience', 'The Android TV service', 'strong central innovation Roadmap', 'digital video entertainment platform', 'A Réunionese operator', 'first French mobile network', 'Android TV boxes', 'Android TV STB.', 'Award-winning Multiscreen Apps', 'super simple experience', 'innovative TV devices', '4G+ mobile operator', '4G+ mobile network', 'same acclaimed UI', ""La Reunion' territory"", 'full operate service', 'cost effective way', 'third-party TV STB', 'advanced TV service', 'Entertainment service proposition', 'new joint proposition', 'La Réunion', 'Cloud-based aggregation Platform', 'international rights holders', 'Netgem TV boxes', 'Zeop TV product', 'exciting Streaming services', 'Netgem Entertainment platform', 'future-proof solution', 'best entertainment', 'Mobile Apps', 'incumbent operator', 'ADSL network', 'Multi-device Roadmap', 'hundred French', 'Apple TV', 'TV UX', 'HD TV', 'strong expertise', 'first time', 'Entertainment services', 'Netgem.tv', 'new generation', 'first launch', '25+ years', 'Streaming technologies', 'key milestone', 'Replay services', 'Laptop browsers', '7th June', 'complete revamp', 'latest versions', 'super-aggregator model', 'fast time', 'Mathias Hautefort', 'Emmanuel André', 'Jianbo Wang', 'great opportunities', 'operator-branded services', 'B2B2C model', 'Euronext Growth', 'ALNTG FP', '2.4 Gb/s bandwith', 'unlimited internet', 'Press Contact', 'Patricia Ouaki', '500,000 subscriber households', 'market share', 'triple-play offers', 'Telecom Operators', 'Netgem expertise', '100,000+ customers', 'ZTE France', 'reach', 'occasion', 'Paris', 'content', 'features', 'opportunity', 'addition', 'savings', 'terms', 'Capex', 'Opex', 'combination', 'partnership', 'CEO', 'value', 'efficiency', 'flexibility', 'mind', 'capability', 'Benelux', 'range', 'dongles', 'Europe', 'families', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'ETGM', 'Bloomberg', 'FTTH', 'FTTO', 'FTTC', 'companies', 'Island', 'access', 'VOD', '250 people', 'May', 'presse', 'forcemedia', '12']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25885,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REALCO-NV-17255/news/Realco-Colruyt-butchers-commit-to-more-sustainable-hygiene-44062520/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Realco : Colruyt butchers commit to more sustainable hygiene,(marketscreener.com)   An innovative cleaning solution based on green chemistry to optimise the hygiene of preparation areas and guarantee the well-being of employees.   Since February 2023  a new cleaning protocol has been in place in all Colruyt butche…,"An innovative cleaning solution based on green chemistry to optimise the hygiene of preparation areas and guarantee the well-being of employees.Since February 2023  a new cleaning protocol has been in place in all Colruyt butchers. Employees now clean with an all-in-one enzymatic solution developed and manufactured in Louvain-la-Neuve by Realco. Thanks to this innovative cleaning product and the support of Realco's experts  the environmental impact of cleaning workshops has been considerably reduced  operator effort time has been halved and hygiene has been improved to stay one step ahead of food safety requirements.Goals: Reduce  rationalise and conserve resourcesTo reduce the impact of cleaning  a complete overhaul of the cleaning process is being implemented. ""In terms of implementation  we have gone from 5 to 3 cleaning phases  which considerably reduces the amount of water used. Working with Realco  we have rethought the way we clean and made it as simple as possible. The product is so effective that it has replaced several other products "" says Philippe Vandenberghe  Head of Meat Experts at Colruyt MP. As well as reducing cleaning water consumption by 40%  the performance and versatility of the enzymatic cleaner-disinfectant means that the overall detergent consumption of the chain's butchers can be rationalised. A single multi-purpose  multi-surface product with a low dosage reduces the pollution load of grey water  saves considerable storage space and requires less transport.Faster cleaning…In addition to its impact on the environment  the well-being of its employees is one of the Colruyt Group's priorities and one of the pillars of its sustainability policy. The Group takes numerous initiatives in terms of ergonomics and health in its shops. The company is constantly introducing improvements in this area  reducing stress at source as much as possible  but also introducing new solutions such as Realco's enzyme technology. Combined directly with disinfection  the power of enzymatic cleaning lends a hand to staff in the daily cleaning of preparation areas. Effort time is now cut by 20 minutes every day.Efficiency gains aren't the only advantage for butchers. The pH-neutral solution has been dermatologically tested to ensure total respect for the health of operators. In addition  the solution used by the group guarantees deep cleaning. The enzymes restore the anti-slip effect and maintain the floors' grip  helping to prevent and reduce the risk of accidents in the workplace.… and more efficientWhen it comes to both fresh and sensitive foods  it's essential to comply with current standards in order to guarantee the quality of the preparations offered to consumers. Deep cleaning also enhances the quality of the food processed in butchers' shops  ensures food safety and preserves product freshness.Step by step towards sustainable hygieneWe had been looking for a committed  local and innovative partner for some time. Realco is a reliable partner that has convinced us with its high-performance solutions  expertise and support. The results of the various tests carried out in our butchers' shops have brought satisfaction both to the operators  for whom the cleaning operation is now simpler  and to the Quality department  which has seen its microbiological results improve still further.Philippe Vandenberghe  Head of Meat Experts Colruyt MPchez ColruytThe new methodology was successfully pilot tested in 15 butchers from July to December 2021. The roll-out to the Group's 245 butcheries was carried out in October 2022 and was completed in February 2023.""It is essential for us to give our partners the benefit of our know-how. Our mission at Realco is to respond to our customers' socio-ecological challenges so that together we can build the hygiene of tomorrow""  explains Tania Florent  Food Services Market Manager. ""We very quickly realised that our values were perfectly in line with Colruyt Group's sustainable development action plan (their 'Step by Step' programme) and that our objectives in favour of the ecological transition were heading in the same direction"".For the future  other avenues of collaboration may be envisaged between the two companies  in particular the extension of the solution to the Group's other banners. This will enable this sector  already a growth area for the Walloon company  to see its growth accelerate while continuing to contribute to the ecological transition and ensuring high performance  safety and sustainability.About Realco :Located in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park  Realco develops  produces and markets hygiene products based on hygiene products based on green chemistry. Its vision is to co-create high-performance solutions for the ecological transition by enabling its customers to benefit from its cutting-edge technical and scientific expertise while ensuring high performance  safety and sustainability. With over 15% of sales invested in Research & Development  the company is fundamentally focused on innovation and offers its solutions to consumers  the food industry  institutional and commercial catering and Life Sciences. With more than 50 employees  Realco's turnover is rising steadily. It can also count on its subsidiary in the United States (Realzyme) to boost its sales across the Atlantic.About Colruyt GroupColruyt Group is active in the distribution of food and non-food products in Belgium  France and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  with more than 700 directly operated shops and around 580 affiliated shops. In Belgium  these include Colruyt Meilleurs Prix  OKay  Bio-Planet  Cru  Dreamland  Dreambaby  Bike Republic and Spar shops. In France  the Group has Colruyt shops  as well as affiliated Coccinelle  Coccimarket and Panier Sympa shops. The group is a majority shareholder in The Fashion Society  which includes the clothing chains ZEB  PointCarré and The Fashion Store. JIMS operates fitness clubs in Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Solucious and Culinoa deliver foodservice and retail products to professional customers in Belgium (hospitals  SMEs  catering  etc.). Colruyt Group's activities also include the supply of energy through DATS 24 in Belgium (fuels  natural gas and green energy) and France (fuels)  as well as printing and document management solutions (Symeta Hybrid). The group employs more than 32 000 people and has sales of EUR 10.0 billion in 2021/22. Colruyt is listed on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange (COLR) under ISIN code BE0974256852.",neutral,0.38,0.61,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Colruyt butchers', 'sustainable hygiene', 'Realco', 'Meat Experts Colruyt MPchez Colruyt', 'single multi-purpose, multi-surface product', 'Food Services Market Manager', 'sustainable development action plan', 'overall detergent consumption', 'considerable storage space', '5 to 3 cleaning phases', ""customers' socio-ecological challenges"", 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'new cleaning protocol', 'operator effort time', 'innovative cleaning product', 'one enzymatic solution', 'cleaning water consumption', 'several other products', 'innovative cleaning solution', 'food safety requirements', 'sustainable hygiene', 'innovative partner', 'enzymatic cleaning', 'Colruyt butchers', 'Colruyt Group', 'product freshness', 'enzymatic cleaner-disinfectant', 'new methodology', 'other avenues', 'other banners', 'cleaning workshops', 'cleaning process', 'Faster cleaning', 'daily cleaning', 'deep cleaning', 'cleaning operation', 'new solutions', 'green chemistry', 'preparation areas', 'complete overhaul', 'Philippe Vandenberghe', 'low dosage', 'pollution load', 'grey water', 'less transport', 'numerous initiatives', 'Efficiency gains', 'pH-neutral solution', 'total respect', 'anti-slip effect', ""floors' grip"", 'sensitive foods', 'current standards', 'committed, local', 'reliable partner', 'various tests', 'Tania Florent', 'ecological transition', 'same direction', 'two companies', 'cutting-edge technical', 'high-performance solutions', 'high performance', 'The Group', 'microbiological results', 'scientific expertise', 'environmental impact', 'sustainability policy', 'Quality department', 'Walloon company', ""butchers' shops"", 'growth area', '15 butchers', 'well-being', 'employees', 'February', 'place', 'Realco', 'support', 'Goals', 'resources', 'terms', 'implementation', 'amount', 'Head', 'versatility', 'chain', 'addition', 'priorities', 'pillars', 'ergonomics', 'health', 'improvements', 'stress', 'technology', 'disinfection', 'power', 'hand', 'staff', '20 minutes', 'advantage', 'operators', 'enzymes', 'risk', 'accidents', 'efficient', 'order', 'preparations', 'consumers', 'step', 'satisfaction', 'July', 'December', 'roll-out', '245 butcheries', 'October', 'partners', 'benefit', 'know', 'how', 'mission', 'tomorrow', 'values', 'line', 'programme', 'objectives', 'favour', 'future', 'collaboration', 'extension', 'sector', 'vision', 'sales', 'Research', 'innovation']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-44055290/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7704 £ 23.6995 Estimated MTD return 0.06 % 0.09 % Estimated YTD return -3.60 % -2.98 % Estimated ITD return 167.70 % 137.00 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.06 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.83 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0064 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5374The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '06']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATEME-16917716/news/Ateme-EXPANSION-OF-THE-BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS-WITH-THE-APPOINTMENT-OF-TWO-NEW-INDEPENDENT-DIRECTOR-44056942/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Ateme :  EXPANSION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS WITH THE APPOINTMENT OF TWO NEW INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  June 7  2023 - Ateme   a global specialist in video delivery  announces that the Board of Directors intends to broaden its range of expertise in order to support the Group's development over the coming years. To this end  the Bo…,"Paris  June 7  2023 - Ateme (ISIN: FR0011992700)  a global specialist in video delivery  announces that the Board of Directors intends to broaden its range of expertise in order to support the Group's development over the coming years. To this end  the Board of Directors will propose the appointment of Laurence AMAND-JULES and Vincent TAUZIA as independent directors at the next Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on June 28  2023.Biography of Laurence AMAND-JULESLaurence brings a 25+ year experience of strategy and finance leadership roles at global level gained with listed world's leaders of the FMCG and media industries (Danone  Mondelez and Kellogg's and Lagardère). She supported the international media rights division of Lagardère Sports in delivering major events such as the Rio Football World's Cup and the Olympic Games of Sochi and Rio.Laurence has worked as interim CEO  Chief Transformation Officer or CFO since 2017. She facilitated the transformation of the nuclear division of Group Gorgé. She drove the digitalization of LUXE.TV  the TV channel dedicated to luxury and lifestyle  broadcast in more than 120 countries. She acted as the Group CFO of Blablacar  the French iconic unicorn.Today  she is also a Non-Executive Board Member at Genève Sports SA and chair of the Finance and Audit Committee at GAIN  the Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition.Laurence graduated from Sciences-Po Paris in geopolitics and economics. She holds an INSEAD MBA.Biography of Vincent TAUZIACurrently strategy consultant and advisor  Vincent is an experienced senior executive with a track record of building and leading high-performance global product and partnerships teams in fast-paced growth environments. For 9 years at Netflix  he developed scalable video and payment solutions  and deployed them to over 200 global distribution partners: TV operators  telcos  TV and mobile OEMs as well as large platforms such as Roku  Apple TV  Google TV and Amazon Fire TV.Vincent also drove innovation across the streaming ecosystem working on early versions of HbbTV in Europe while at Philips and on RDK more recently. Previously  he founded a machine learning start-up  creating award-winning AI products  and licensing them to major media companies in 40+ countries.Vincent started his career at STMicroelectronics developing TV technologies in close collaboration with leading customers in the Middle East and in China.Vincent holds an MSEE from INSA Lyon and an MBA from INSEAD. He also holds 4 international patents.Upcoming events:June 28th  2023: Annual General MeetingJuly 12th  2023: 2023 Second Quarter RevenuesAbout Ateme: Ateme is a global leader of video compression and delivery solutions helping Tier-1 Content Providers  Service Providers and Streaming Platforms to boost their viewership and subscription engagement.Leveraging a unique R&D task force in the video industry  Ateme's solutions power green sustainable TV services  improve end-users' quality of experience  optimize the total cost of ownership of TV/VOD services and generate new revenue streams based on personalization and ad insertion. Beyond the technology agility  Ateme's value proposition is to partner with his customers by offering a great flexibility in the engagement and business models matching their financial priorities. A consequence is a rapid shift to Recurring Revenues  boosting the company resilience and creating long term value for the shareholders.Founded in 1991  Ateme has 560 employees spread over its headquarters in France and 20 offices around the world including the USA  Brazil  Argentina  UK  Spain  Germany  the UAE  Singapore  China  Korea  and Australia.Ateme has been listed on the Paris Euronext market since 2014 and in November 2020 it made the acquisition of Anevia  a provider of OTT and IPTV software solutions. In 2022  Ateme served close to 1 000 customers worldwide with revenues of €90 million  of which more than 90% outside its home market.Find out more: www.ateme.com.Name: ATEME - ISIN Code: FR0011992700 - Ticker: ATEME - Compartment: CAteme INVESTOR RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS Michel ArtièresChairman and CEO Anne-Catherine BonjourTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93ateme@actus.fr Amaury DugastTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frDISCLAIMERThis press release does not constitute or form part of and should not be construed as any offer for sale of or solicitation of any offer to buy any securities of Ateme  nor should it  or any part of it  form the basis of or be relied on in connection with any contract or commitment whatsoever concerning Ateme's assets  activities or shares.All statements other than historical facts included in this presentation  including without limitations  those regarding Atemes' position  business strategy  plans and objectives are forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management's current views and assumptions. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to impact of external events on customers and suppliers; the effects of competing technologies competition generally in main markets; profitability of the expansion strategy; litigation; ability to establish and maintain strategic relationships in major businesses; and the effect of future acquisitions and investments.Ateme expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this presentation to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. These materials are supplied to you solely for your information and may not be copied or distributed to any other person (whether in or outside your organization) or published  in whole or in part  for any purpose.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nJmcYcmcaGial55saJtpbpJmaWlkxmHImmXJm2VplcrFZ25px5thZpXLZnFhmGZr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80315-pr_ateme_appointments_board_eng_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.31,0.33,True,English,"['TWO NEW INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS', 'Ateme', 'EXPANSION', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'APPOINTMENT', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS Michel Artières', 'unique R&D task force', 'Genève Sports SA', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'green sustainable TV services', 'international media rights division', 'experienced senior executive', 'machine learning start-up', 'award-winning AI products', 'new revenue streams', 'Lagardère Sports', 'major media companies', 'Tier-1 Content Providers', 'long term value', 'high-performance global product', '200 global distribution partners', 'Amazon Fire TV', '25+ year experience', 'finance leadership roles', 'Chief Transformation Officer', 'Second Quarter Revenues', 'IPTV software solutions', 'Non-Executive Board Member', 'Paris Euronext market', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Rio Football World', 'press release', 'media industries', 'nuclear division', '4 international patents', 'TV/VOD services', 'major events', 'Service Providers', 'value proposition', 'home market', 'global specialist', 'global level', 'Global Alliance', 'global leader', 'TV channel', 'TV operators', 'Apple TV', 'Google TV', 'TV technologies', 'video delivery', 'Olympic Games', 'iconic unicorn', 'Audit Committee', 'Improved Nutrition', 'Sciences-Po Paris', 'track record', 'partnerships teams', 'growth environments', 'scalable video', 'payment solutions', 'mobile OEMs', 'large platforms', 'streaming ecosystem', 'early versions', 'close collaboration', 'Middle East', 'INSA Lyon', 'Upcoming events', 'video compression', 'delivery solutions', 'Streaming Platforms', 'video industry', ""end-users' quality"", 'total cost', 'ad insertion', 'technology agility', 'great flexibility', 'business models', 'financial priorities', 'rapid shift', 'Recurring Revenues', 'company resilience', 'ISIN Code', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'Amaury Dugast', 'historical facts', ""Atemes' position"", 'illustrative purposes', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'Group Gorgé', 'strategy consultant', 'business strategy', 'coming years', 'interim CEO', '40+ countries', 'subscription engagement', 'Laurence AMAND-JULES', 'Vincent TAUZIA', 'independent directors', 'leading customers', 'Group CFO', 'C Ateme', 'INSEAD MBA', '120 countries', '9 years', '1,000 customers', 'June', 'range', 'expertise', 'order', 'development', 'appointment', 'Shareholders', 'Biography', 'FMCG', 'Danone', 'Mondelez', 'Kellogg', 'Cup', 'Sochi', 'digitalization', 'luxury', 'lifestyle', 'Blablacar', 'French', 'chair', 'GAIN', 'geopolitics', 'economics', 'advisor', 'building', 'fast', 'paced', 'Netflix', 'telcos', 'Roku', 'innovation', 'HbbTV', 'Europe', 'Philips', 'RDK', 'career', 'STMicroelectronics', 'China', 'MSEE', 'July', 'viewership', 'ownership', 'personalization', 'consequence', '560 employees', 'headquarters', 'France', '20 offices', 'USA', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'UAE', 'Singapore', 'Korea', 'Australia', 'November', 'acquisition', 'Anevia', 'OTT', 'Name', 'Ticker', 'Compartment', 'actus', 'DISCLAIMER', 'offer', 'sale', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'basis', 'connection', 'contract', 'commitment', 'assets', 'activities', 'shares', 'presentation', 'limitations', 'plans', 'objectives', 'management', 'assumptions', '33']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-44055289/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7704 £ 23.6995 Estimated MTD return 0.06 % 0.09 % Estimated YTD return -3.60 % -2.98 % Estimated ITD return 167.70 % 137.00 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.06 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.83 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0064 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5374The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '06']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-announces-five-scientific-presentations-at-the-EASL-International-Liver-Congress-trade-20-44064234/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Inventiva announces five scientific presentations at the EASL International Liver Congress™ 2023,(marketscreener.com) Five poster presentations showing : the correlation between the improvement of hepatic steatosis and a robust increase in adiponectin levels  improvement in lipid profile and glycemic control in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH treated wi…,"Five poster presentations showing : the correlation between the improvement of hepatic steatosis and a robust increase in adiponectin levels  improvement in lipid profile and glycemic control in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH treated with lanifibranor. the Early improvement in ALT or AST being predictive of response pattern of liver histology as well as non-invasive hepatic and cardiometabolic biomarkers observed after 24-week treatment with lanifibranor in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH. the improvement of portal hypertension and splanchnic circulation independently of fibrosis reduction and metabolic improvement following lanifibranor treatment in a mouse model of prehepatic portal hypertension. the reduction of the increased portal pressure and improvement of steatosis in a rat model of early NAFLD following a 4-week lanifibranor treatment. the greater reduction of the increased portal pressure associated with early NAFLD following lanifibranor treatment compared to the PPAR agonists α  δ or γ individually.Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  June 7  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that five abstracts have been selected for poster presentation at the upcoming International Liver Congress™ 2023 hosted by the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) on June 21-24  2023 in Vienna  Austria.The first abstract evaluates the correlation between severity and improvement of hepatic steatosis  adiponectin response  and improvement of markers of cardiometabolic health following a 24 weeks treatment with lanifibranor. Based on the results of Inventiva’s NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH  the authors analysed the correlation between the biomarkers of cardiometabolic health and hepatic steatosis  which is a marker of cardiovascular risk  in patients who were randomized to lanifibranor or placebo. The hepatic steatosis was measured by histological grading and by imaging using Controlled Attenuation Parameter (“CAPTM”) Fibroscan®. As previously shown  treatment with lanifibranor improved the hepatic steatosis and the biomarkers of cardiometabolic health  including adiponectin  insulin resistance and markers of lipid and glucose metabolism. In this analysis  these beneficial cardiometabolic effects were shown to be correlated with an improvement in steatosis both measured histologically and using CAP.The second abstract focuses on the identification of non-invasive tests as potential predictor tools of histological response or non-response to lanifibranor. Based on the data of the NATIVE trial  the authors evaluated the ability early improvements in aminotransferase levels measured after a 4-week treatment with lanifibranor to predict the histological non-responses to treatment evaluated at 24 weeks. The results demonstrated that in patients with NASH treated with lanifibranor  the absence of a 15% reduction in alanine aminotransferase (“ALT”) levels after 4 weeks of treatment was an effective tool to predict non-response on histological NASH resolution. In addition  the early decrease in ALT and aspartate aminotransferase (“AST”) after 4 weeks of treatment with lanifibranor  correlated with an improvement of non-invasive hepatic biomarkers and markers of cardiometabolic health observed after 24 weeks of treatment with lanifibranor.The third abstract evaluates the effect of lanifibranor on the portal pressure in models of hepatic and prehapetic portal hypertension. Given that portal hypertension (“PHT”) can cause severe complications in patients with advanced chronic liver disease (“ACLD”)  the authors evaluated the effect of a daily treatment with lanifibranor on portal hypertension in two mice models of portal hypertension. They demonstrated that lanifibranor reduced the portal pressure independently of fibrosis reduction or of an effect on metabolism  but through the reduction of the venous mesenteric vascular expansion and splanchnic angiogenesis  and an amelioration of the liver sinusoidal endothelial cells.The fourth abstract evaluates the effect of lanifibranor on portal pressure  endothelial dysfunction and liver histology in a rat model of early NAFLD. The authors demonstrated that in an early NAFLD-induced rat model without inflammation or fibrosis  lanifibranor treatment completely normalized the portal pressure and the trans-hepatic pressure gradient. In addition lanifibranor improved the hyperreactivity to the vasoconstrictor methoxamine and the hyporeactivity to the vasodilator acetylcholine in the NAFLD-induced rat model. In parallel  the authors also demonstrated the reduction of steatosis evaluated histologically  although not sufficient to explain the observed vascular effects.The fifth abstract compares the effect of each individual PPAR isotopes α  δ and γ to the pan-PPAR lanifibranor on the improvements of the vascular alterations and histology in a NAFLD-induced rat model. The authors demonstrated that in a rat model of early NAFLD with steatosis but no inflammation or fibrosis  treatment with Fenofibrate (PPAR-alpha agonist)  GW501516 (PPAR-delta agonist) and Rosiglitazone (PPAR-gamma) decreased the portal pressure and the transhepatic pressure gradient with a limited effect on the hepatic steatosis. The improvements on the vascular function were more pronounced with lanifibranor than with each individual PPAR agonist. These data suggest that there is an additive effect of combined PPAR agonists compared to mono-agonist leading to an greater improvement of the vascular alterations in early NAFLD.The details of the various presentations are as follows:Abstract #1 :Abstract title: ""Correlation between severity of hepatic steatosis and markers of cardiometabolic health  and effect of lanifibranor therapy in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH"" Abstract identifier: FRI-517 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors: Michael P Cooreman  Sven Francque  Philippe Huot-Marchant  Lucile Dzen  Martine Baudin  Jean-Louis Junien  Pierre Broqua  Manal F Abdelmalek Date: June 23  2023 – 9:00-18:00 (CEST)Abs tr act #2 :Abstract title: ""Early aminotransferase improvement in the phase 2b NATIVE study is predictive of response pattern of liver histology as well as hepatic and cardiometabolic health markers at the end of treatment in patients with non-cirrhotic NASH"" Abstract identifier: SAT-393 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors: Quentin M Anstee  Philippe Huot-Marchand  Lucile Dzen  Jean-Louis Junien  Pierre Broqua  Sven Francque  Manal F Abdelmalek  Michael P Cooreman  Stephen A Harrison Date: June 24  2023 – 9:00-17:00 (CEST)Abstract #3 :Abstract title: ""The pan-PPAR agonist lanifibranor decreases portal pressure in models of both hepatic and prehepatic portal hypertension"" Abstract identifier: THU-361 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors:Anneleen Heldens  Christophe Casteleyn  Louis Onghena  Milton Baoheng Antwi  Benedicte Descamps  Christian Vanhove  Xavier Verhelst  Hans Van Vlierberghe  Lindsey Devisscher  Jean-Louis Junien  Anja Geerts  Guillaume Wettstein  Sander Lefere Date: June 22  2023 – 9:00-18:30 (CEST)Abstract #4 :Abstract title: ""The pan-PPAR agonist Lanifibranor improves increased portal pressure  endothelial dysfunction and liver histology in a rat model of early NAFLD"" Abstract identifier: WED-466 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors:Shivani Chotkoe  Yao Liu  Guillaume Wettstein  Jean-Louis Junien  Luisa Vonghia  Hannah Ceuleers  Joris De Man  Benedicte De Winter  Wilhelmus J. Kwanten  Sven Francque Date: June 21  2023 – 9:00-18:00 (CEST)Abstract #5:Abstract title: ""Unraveling the individual contributions of the PPAR isotypes to the pan-PPAR agonist Lanifibranorinduced improvements of the vascular alterations and liver histology in a rat model of early NAFLD"" Abstract identifier: WED-523 Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors:Shivani Chotkoe  Yao Liu  Guillaume Wettstein  Jean-Louis Junien  Luisa Vonghia  Hannah Ceuleers  Joris De Man  Benedicte De Winter  Wilhelmus J. Kwanten  Sven Francque Date: June 21  2023 – 9:00-18:00 (CEST)Inventiva will also be present with a booth and we are inviting you to visit us from Wednesday  June 21st until Saturday  June 24th at booth #19 located in the exhibition hall of the conference center.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.23,0.41,True,English,"['EASL International Liver Congress™', 'five scientific presentations', 'Inventiva', 'NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'venous mesenteric vascular expansion', 'upcoming International Liver Congress™', 'advanced chronic liver disease', 'liver sinusoidal endothelial cells', 'early NAFLD-induced rat model', 'Long Island City', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Controlled Attenuation Parameter', 'potential predictor tools', 'trans-hepatic pressure gradient', 'Five poster presentations', 'two mice models', 'beneficial cardiometabolic effects', 'prehepatic portal hypertension', 'prehapetic portal hypertension', 'NATIVE trial', 'non-invasive hepatic biomarkers', 'vascular effects', '4-week lanifibranor treatment', 'endothelial dysfunction', 'liver histology', 'mouse model', 'five abstracts', 'non-invasive tests', 'portal pressure', 'early improvements', 'early decrease', 'cardiometabolic health', '4-week treatment', 'robust increase', 'splanchnic circulation', 'PPAR agonists', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'other diseases', 'European Association', 'first abstract', 'cardiovascular risk', 'histological grading', 'insulin resistance', 'second abstract', 'aminotransferase levels', 'histological non-responses', 'alanine aminotransferase', 'effective tool', 'aspartate aminotransferase', 'third abstract', 'severe complications', 'splanchnic angiogenesis', 'fourth abstract', 'vasoconstrictor methoxamine', 'vasodilator acetylcholine', 'fifth abstract', 'individual PPAR', 'cardiometabolic biomarkers', 'adiponectin levels', 'daily treatment', 'hepatic steatosis', 'lipid profile', 'cirrhotic NASH', 'response pattern', 'glucose metabolism', 'NASH resolution', 'greater reduction', 'ALT”) levels', 'pan-PPAR lanifibranor', 'metabolic improvement', 'adiponectin response', 'fibrosis reduction', '24 weeks treatment', '15% reduction', 'correlation', 'patients', 'AST', 'Daix', 'France', 'June', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'Study', 'EASL', 'Vienna', 'Austria', 'severity', 'results', 'authors', 'placebo', 'imaging', 'CAPTM', 'Fibroscan®', 'analysis', 'identification', 'data', 'ability', 'absence', 'addition', 'PHT', 'ACLD', 'amelioration', 'inflammation', 'hyperreactivity', 'hyporeactivity', 'parallel', 'α']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2684173/0/en/Atos-Board-of-Directors-Provides-an-Update-on-the-Combined-General-Meeting-2023.html,Atos Board of Directors Provides an Update on the Combined General Meeting 2023,Paris  France – June 7  2023 - Atos SE will hold a Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting on June 28  2023.  Three shareholders1......,English FrenchParis  France – June 7  2023 - Atos SE will hold a Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting on June 28  2023.Three shareholders1 requested  on June 2  2023  the addition of five new draft resolutions to the agenda to those initially proposed by the Board of Directors (the “Board”)  and of a non-voting discussion item.These draft resolutions relate to:the removal of Mr. Bertrand Meunier  Ms. Aminata Niane and Mr. Vernon Sankey from their term of office as directors (Resolutions “A”  “B”  “C”);the appointment of Mr. Léo Apotheker as director (Resolution “D”); andthe reinstatement of the role of lead independent director assigned to [an / a current] independent director.The non-voting discussion item relates to the resignation of Mr. Bertrand Meunier  Ms. Aminata Niane and Mr. Vernon Sankey from their office as directors.*With regards to resolutions A  B  C and DThe Board met on June 4  2023  to examine these requests  and decided to add Resolutions A  B  C and D to the agenda  according to the applicable legal requirements.The Board  including the Directors representing the Employees  unanimously decided to recommend “Against” Resolutions A  B  C and D and unanimously recommend that shareholders vote “Against” the said Resolutions.The Board also unanimously renewed its support of Mr. Bertrand Meunier as Chairman.Atos’ governance fundamentals are solid  and the Board of Directors possesses the skills and experience required to meet Atos’ challenges and ensure that Atos returns to value creation. In recent months  the composition of the Board has been both strengthened and refreshed with highly qualified individuals who bring relevant and complementary skills in line with the strategic needs of the Company  as proven by the proposals to elect or ratify the appointments of talented and experienced directors Ms. Ruellan  Mr. Mustier and Mr. Collet-Billion.Together  the Board members are fully focused on overseeing the successful implementation of the Group’s transformation and separation plan to restore operating efficiency and maximize shareholder value. Since its implementation  Atos’ teams have been gradually delivering stronger results  earlier than expected  evidencing the success of the current strategy and the strong execution from the Board and the management team. Any upheaval in the governance of the Company during the implementation of the Group’s transformation plan would be damaging to its corporate interest. Instability could have a detrimental influence on relations with providers and clients  in the context of splitting activities  and a negative impact on the business  affecting the commercial momentum of the Group overall.With regards to resolution D and the appointment of Mr. Léo Apotheker as director  it was brought forward by the Requesting Shareholders at the very last date for a possible filing of draft resolutions  despite being given ample opportunity since October 2022 to provide Atos with the names of their candidates to be fully included in the selection process.In addition  this candidacy follows a previous request received only on May 22  2023 from Sycomore Asset Management to appoint two new directors. These profiles were duly evaluated by the Governance and Nominations Committee within a very short period. Despite being recognized professionals  it became apparent to the Committee and the nominees that their profiles were not in line with the needs identified by the Company i) one of the candidates was in a clear situation of conflict of interest due to her employment status at an Atos partner and supplier  and ii) the second one has experience in the heavy industry sector and in geographic zones not in line with the profiles that Atos deems as critical at this juncture. It is the Board’s understanding that at least one of these two candidates voluntarily recused himself from the process.Specifically in relation to Mr. Léo Apotheker  the Requesting Shareholders have failed to demonstrate that his appointment could bring any value from both a governance and a strategic perspective. The Board also believes it could undermine the Company’s reputation in key markets such as North America. Although he held significant leadership positions at both SAP and Hewlett-Packard  his record at the time at each company raises concerns. He handed over his resignation only 9 months after being appointed at the helm of SAP and was removed from his position as CEO of Hewlett-Packard only after 11 months. His short tenure at Hewlett-Packard was marked by a series of strategic missteps and a loss of approximately $30 billion in market capitalization. Moreover  his current directorship at Nice Ltd  active in the Cybersecurity sector deserves in-depth due diligence to ascertain whether potential conflicts of interest exist. The Board of Directors is greatly surprised with the lack of any proposals or constructive solutions with regards to strategic orientations and value creation by the Requesting Shareholders  even more considering the candidate proposed aims to be nominated Chairman of the Board of Directors.B. Regarding the role of lead independent director assigned to an independent directorGiven that the Board has appointed Ms. Elizabeth Tinkham as lead independent director  as permitted by the Board’s internal rules and falling within its exclusive powers  the last resolution is not applicable.The Board welcomes Ms. Elizabeth Tinkham to this new role in the continuity of her current one. As the Chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee and in practice  Ms. Elizabeth Tinkham has been already assuming a number of prerogatives such as overseeing potential conflicts of interests  engaging with shareholders on governance matters  leading the Board’s executive sessions and running the performance evaluation of the Board.**The Board is committed to having active shareholder dialogue and engaging on governance issues. The Board would like to finally highlight that it not only applies best practice regarding corporate governance but also shareholder engagement. The Board of Directors has been actively engaging with Sycomore Asset Management  which it met on five (5) occasions with seven (7) Board members  individually or collectively  including with and without the presence of the Chair to discuss governance and environmental matters.The draft resolutions  the related explanatory statements of the Requesting Shareholders and the Position of the Board of Directors on each of these proposals are all set out in the Addendum available in the Company’s website  in the part dedicated to General Meetings in the investors’ section: atos-convening-brochure-addendum-2023.pdf.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.For more information  please contact:Investor Relations: Thomas Guillois - thomas.guillois@atos.net - +33 6 21 34 36 62Press: Anette Rey - anette.rey@atos.net - +33 6 69 79 84 88 - @AnetteRey1 Sycomore Asset Management SA  holder of 299 303 Atos shares (0.27% of Atos issued share capital)  ASDI SAS  holder of 762 294 Atos shares (0 69%)  and NACTIS SAS Family Office  holder of 1 002 273 Atos shares (0 90%)  collectively the “Requesting Shareholders”.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.13,0.71,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Atos Board', 'Directors', 'Update', 'Mr. Léo Apotheker', 'five new draft resolutions', 'Mr. Bertrand Meunier', 'Mr. Vernon Sankey', 'voting discussion item', 'applicable legal requirements', 'significant leadership positions', 'depth due diligence', 'Ms. Aminata Niane', 'Sycomore Asset Management', 'heavy industry sector', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'lead independent director', 'two new directors', 'current] independent director', 'Atos’ governance fundamentals', 'Mr. Mustier', 'Mr. Collet-Billion', 'Ms. Ruellan', 'management team', 'Cybersecurity sector', 'current strategy', 'current directorship', 'English French', 'Combined Ordinary', 'Three shareholders1', 'qualified individuals', 'separation plan', 'operating efficiency', 'stronger results', 'strong execution', 'detrimental influence', 'negative impact', 'commercial momentum', 'Requesting Shareholders', 'last date', 'possible filing', 'ample opportunity', 'previous request', 'short period', 'clear situation', 'employment status', 'second one', 'geographic zones', 'strategic perspective', 'key markets', 'North America', 'short tenure', 'strategic missteps', 'market capitalization', 'Nice Ltd', 'potential conflicts', 'constructive solutions', 'strategic orientations', 'resolutions A', 'two candidates', 'Atos SE', 'Atos’ challenges', 'value creation', 'shareholder value', 'Atos’ teams', 'Atos partner', 'recent months', 'complementary skills', 'strategic needs', 'transformation plan', 'resolution D', 'selection process', 'Nominations Committee', 'experienced directors', 'successful implementation', 'corporate interest', 'The Board', 'Board members', '11 months', 'Paris', 'France', 'June', 'addition', 'agenda', 'removal', 'term', 'office', 'appointment', 'reinstatement', 'role', 'resignation', 'regards', 'requests', 'Employees', 'support', 'Chairman', 'composition', 'relevant', 'line', 'Company', 'proposals', 'talented', 'Group', 'upheaval', 'Instability', 'relations', 'providers', 'clients', 'context', 'activities', 'business', 'October', 'names', 'candidacy', 'May', 'profiles', 'professionals', 'nominees', 'supplier', 'juncture', 'understanding', 'reputation', 'SAP', 'record', 'time', 'concerns', 'CEO', 'series', 'loss', 'lack']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-Board-of-Directors-Provides-an-Update-on-the-Combined-General-Meeting-2023-44063834/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Atos Board of Directors Provides an Update on the Combined General Meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com) Paris  France – June 7  2023 - Atos SE will hold a Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting on June 28  2023. Three shareholders1 requested  on June 2  2023  the addition of five new draft resolutions to the agenda to tho…,Paris  France – June 7  2023 - Atos SE will hold a Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting on June 28  2023.Three shareholders1 requested  on June 2  2023  the addition of five new draft resolutions to the agenda to those initially proposed by the Board of Directors (the “Board”)  and of a non-voting discussion item.These draft resolutions relate to:the removal of Mr. Bertrand Meunier  Ms. Aminata Niane and Mr. Vernon Sankey from their term of office as directors (Resolutions “A”  “B”  “C”);the appointment of Mr. Léo Apotheker as director (Resolution “D”); andthe reinstatement of the role of lead independent director assigned to [an / a current] independent director.The non-voting discussion item relates to the resignation of Mr. Bertrand Meunier  Ms. Aminata Niane and Mr. Vernon Sankey from their office as directors.*With regards to resolutions A  B  C and DThe Board met on June 4  2023  to examine these requests  and decided to add Resolutions A  B  C and D to the agenda  according to the applicable legal requirements.The Board  including the Directors representing the Employees  unanimously decided to recommend “Against” Resolutions A  B  C and D and unanimously recommend that shareholders vote “Against” the said Resolutions.The Board also unanimously renewed its support of Mr. Bertrand Meunier as Chairman.Atos’ governance fundamentals are solid  and the Board of Directors possesses the skills and experience required to meet Atos’ challenges and ensure that Atos returns to value creation. In recent months  the composition of the Board has been both strengthened and refreshed with highly qualified individuals who bring relevant and complementary skills in line with the strategic needs of the Company  as proven by the proposals to elect or ratify the appointments of talented and experienced directors Ms. Ruellan  Mr. Mustier and Mr. Collet-Billion.Together  the Board members are fully focused on overseeing the successful implementation of the Group’s transformation and separation plan to restore operating efficiency and maximize shareholder value. Since its implementation  Atos’ teams have been gradually delivering stronger results  earlier than expected  evidencing the success of the current strategy and the strong execution from the Board and the management team. Any upheaval in the governance of the Company during the implementation of the Group’s transformation plan would be damaging to its corporate interest. Instability could have a detrimental influence on relations with providers and clients  in the context of splitting activities  and a negative impact on the business  affecting the commercial momentum of the Group overall.With regards to resolution D and the appointment of Mr. Léo Apotheker as director  it was brought forward by the Requesting Shareholders at the very last date for a possible filing of draft resolutions  despite being given ample opportunity since October 2022 to provide Atos with the names of their candidates to be fully included in the selection process.In addition  this candidacy follows a previous request received only on May 22  2023 from Sycomore Asset Management to appoint two new directors. These profiles were duly evaluated by the Governance and Nominations Committee within a very short period. Despite being recognized professionals  it became apparent to the Committee and the nominees that their profiles were not in line with the needs identified by the Company i) one of the candidates was in a clear situation of conflict of interest due to her employment status at an Atos partner and supplier  and ii) the second one has experience in the heavy industry sector and in geographic zones not in line with the profiles that Atos deems as critical at this juncture. It is the Board’s understanding that at least one of these two candidates voluntarily recused himself from the process.Specifically in relation to Mr. Léo Apotheker  the Requesting Shareholders have failed to demonstrate that his appointment could bring any value from both a governance and a strategic perspective. The Board also believes it could undermine the Company’s reputation in key markets such as North America. Although he held significant leadership positions at both SAP and Hewlett-Packard  his record at the time at each company raises concerns. He handed over his resignation only 9 months after being appointed at the helm of SAP and was removed from his position as CEO of Hewlett-Packard only after 11 months. His short tenure at Hewlett-Packard was marked by a series of strategic missteps and a loss of approximately $30 billion in market capitalization. Moreover  his current directorship at Nice Ltd  active in the Cybersecurity sector deserves in-depth due diligence to ascertain whether potential conflicts of interest exist. The Board of Directors is greatly surprised with the lack of any proposals or constructive solutions with regards to strategic orientations and value creation by the Requesting Shareholders  even more considering the candidate proposed aims to be nominated Chairman of the Board of Directors.B. Regarding the role of lead independent director assigned to an independent directorGiven that the Board has appointed Ms. Elizabeth Tinkham as lead independent director  as permitted by the Board’s internal rules and falling within its exclusive powers  the last resolution is not applicable.The Board welcomes Ms. Elizabeth Tinkham to this new role in the continuity of her current one. As the Chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee and in practice  Ms. Elizabeth Tinkham has been already assuming a number of prerogatives such as overseeing potential conflicts of interests  engaging with shareholders on governance matters  leading the Board’s executive sessions and running the performance evaluation of the Board.**The Board is committed to having active shareholder dialogue and engaging on governance issues. The Board would like to finally highlight that it not only applies best practice regarding corporate governance but also shareholder engagement. The Board of Directors has been actively engaging with Sycomore Asset Management  which it met on five (5) occasions with seven (7) Board members  individually or collectively  including with and without the presence of the Chair to discuss governance and environmental matters.The draft resolutions  the related explanatory statements of the Requesting Shareholders and the Position of the Board of Directors on each of these proposals are all set out in the Addendum available in the Company’s website  in the part dedicated to General Meetings in the investors’ section: atos-convening-brochure-addendum-2023.pdf.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.For more information  please contact:Investor Relations: Thomas Guillois - thomas.guillois@atos.net - +33 6 21 34 36 62Press: Anette Rey - anette.rey@atos.net - +33 6 69 79 84 88 - @AnetteRey1 Sycomore Asset Management SA  holder of 299 303 Atos shares (0.27% of Atos issued share capital)  ASDI SAS  holder of 762 294 Atos shares (0 69%)  and NACTIS SAS Family Office  holder of 1 002 273 Atos shares (0 90%)  collectively the “Requesting Shareholders”.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.12,0.76,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Atos Board', 'Directors', 'Update', 'Mr. Léo Apotheker', 'five new draft resolutions', 'Mr. Bertrand Meunier', 'Mr. Vernon Sankey', 'voting discussion item', 'applicable legal requirements', 'significant leadership positions', 'depth due diligence', 'Ms. Aminata Niane', 'Sycomore Asset Management', 'heavy industry sector', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'lead independent director', 'two new directors', 'current] independent director', 'Atos’ governance fundamentals', 'Mr. Mustier', 'Mr. Collet-Billion', 'Ms. Ruellan', 'management team', 'Cybersecurity sector', 'current strategy', 'current directorship', 'Combined Ordinary', 'Three shareholders1', 'qualified individuals', 'separation plan', 'operating efficiency', 'stronger results', 'strong execution', 'detrimental influence', 'splitting activities', 'negative impact', 'commercial momentum', 'Requesting Shareholders', 'last date', 'possible filing', 'ample opportunity', 'previous request', 'short period', 'clear situation', 'employment status', 'second one', 'geographic zones', 'strategic perspective', 'key markets', 'North America', 'short tenure', 'strategic missteps', 'market capitalization', 'Nice Ltd', 'potential conflicts', 'constructive solutions', 'strategic orientations', 'two candidates', 'Atos SE', 'Resolutions A', 'Atos’ challenges', 'value creation', 'shareholder value', 'Atos’ teams', 'Atos partner', 'recent months', 'complementary skills', 'strategic needs', 'transformation plan', 'resolution D', 'selection process', 'Nominations Committee', 'experienced directors', 'The Board', 'Board members', 'successful implementation', 'corporate interest', '11 months', 'Paris', 'France', 'June', 'addition', 'agenda', 'removal', 'term', 'office', 'appointment', 'reinstatement', 'role', 'resignation', 'regards', 'requests', 'Employees', 'support', 'Chairman', 'composition', 'relevant', 'line', 'Company', 'proposals', 'talented', 'Group', 'upheaval', 'Instability', 'relations', 'providers', 'clients', 'context', 'business', 'October', 'names', 'candidacy', 'May', 'profiles', 'professionals', 'nominees', 'supplier', 'juncture', 'understanding', 'reputation', 'SAP', 'record', 'time', 'concerns', 'CEO', 'series', 'loss', 'lack']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECO-2030-ASA-113653065/news/TECO-2030-and-Skeleton-Technologies-enter-a-strategic-partnership-to-boost-zero-emission-technologie-44055174/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,TECO 2030 and Skeleton Technologies enter a strategic partnership to boost zero-emission technologies,(marketscreener.com) LYSAKER  Norway  June 07  2023 -- TECO 2030 and Skeleton Technologies have entered into a strategic partnership to accelerate the use of renewable hydrogen in the maritime sector and demonstrate zero-emissions voyage and port operations. …,LYSAKER  Norway  June 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OSE: TECO  OTCQX: TECFF  ISIN: NO0010887516) and Skeleton Technologies have entered into a strategic partnership to accelerate the use of renewable hydrogen in the maritime sector and demonstrate zero-emissions voyage and port operations. Skeleton Technologies is a global technology leader in high power  fast charging energy storage for transportation  grid  automotive and industrial applications.TECO 2030 Booth at Nor-Shipping 2023: TECO 2030 and Skeleton Technologies enter into a strategic partnership to boost renewable hydrogen as a zero-carbon fuel for the maritime sector. From left  TECO 2030 COO Tor-Erik Hoftun and Director of Business Development Fredrik Aarskog  together with Sales Director Kersten Eero from Skeleton Technologies on the right.As a first step  Skeleton’s SuperBattery shall be integrated with TECO 2030’s fuel cell modules in the HyEkoTank project  the largest marine fuel cell retrofit projects in the world  led by TECO 2030  Shell  and other consortium partners from three European countries (Norway  Sweden  and the Netherlands). Skeleton Technologies and TECO 2030 will then aim to develop joint solutions combining TECO 2030’s hydrogen fuel cells and Skeleton’s SuperBattery to enable the maritime industry’s transition to net-zero  based on Skeleton's work in the HydroCap project funded by the Estonian government.The HyEkoTank project started on February 1st  2023  in Lysaker  Norway  and is planned to last for 3 years  with the goal of eliminating carbon emissions during voyage and in port operations. TECO 2030 will retrofit six 400 kW Fuel Cell Modules in a container solution and demonstrate power supply for both propulsion and auxiliary loads using hydrogen with zero emissions as fuel.Skeleton’s SuperBattery modules will sharply increase fuel cells’ performance and lifetime by reducing the requirement for peak power from the fuel cell.“We are thrilled to announce this strategic partnership with TECO2030  one of the global leaders in green maritime technology. There are many synergies between our companies  as Skeleton is focused on reducing CO2 emissions in hard-to-decarbonize sectors and the maritime industry is surely one of them. We are confident our SuperBattery product can contribute to its transition towards net-zero by being a key enabling and complementary technology for fuel cell powered ships. Our SuperBattery shall first be integrated with TECO 2030’s fuel cell modules in the HyEkoTank project  whose consortium includes another key partner for Skeleton – Shell - with whom we collaborate on the electrification of mining sector. We are hopeful many opportunities will arise from this new partnership with TECO 2030 ” states Taavi Madiberk  CEO and co-founder of Skeleton Technologies.“On a fuel cell powered ship all energy is generated by the fuel cell and it is optimal to supply that energy directly to the consumer when possible. Therefore  large battery energy storage capacity is typically not needed on a ship. However  a fuel cell system needs a few seconds to react to load changes so a high-power battery for peak shaving is the perfect match. Combining the compact and dynamic FCM400 marine fuel cell from TECO 2030 with the high-power SuperBattery from Skeleton significantly reduces the installation space needed in the HyEkoTank project. In addition  this solution will be cheaper  safer and more sustainable than a conventional lithium-ion battery solution ” says Fredrik Aarskog  Director of Business Development in TECO 2030.Skeleton’s SuperBattery is a perfect fit for TECO 2030’s fuel cells due to its power  safety  lifetime  and recyclability  therefore contributing to a joint solution to retrofit fleets and significantly reduce their GHG emissions cost-effectively.The HyEkoTank is a project funded by the European Union under the Horizon Europe programme to develop optimised hydrogen fuel cell solutions for maritime applications and accelerate the achievement of climate neutrality of both sea-going and inland waterway waterborne transport.Shipping is considered as a hard-to-decarbonize sector and its CO2 emissions accounts for 2.89 % of the world's emissions. The industry needs modular systems applicable for retrofit and newbuild  capable of reducing emissions and enable flexibility. Renewable hydrogen is seen as the best solution to enable the sector’s decarbonization goals  but fuel cells need complementary technologies such as Skeleton’s SuperBattery to increase their performance and lifetime. The solution may eventually be used beyond the maritime sector  in heavy duty trucks  rail  shorepower  and construction. Skeleton is already involved in the project „HydroCap” funded by the Estonian government to explore these additional applications.TECO 2030  a spin-off from TECO Maritime Group  is building Europe’s first Proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cells gigafactory in Norway. The factory is planned to start production as soon as possible in 2024  with an annual output of 400MW in 2025 and 1 600MW of fuel cells by 2030.About TECO 2030 ASA:TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first Giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of up to 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian based clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for the maritime and heavy industry. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules  that enable ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.Press Contact:Tore Enger Group CEO+47 920 83 800tore.enger@teco2030.noAbout Skeleton Technologies:Skeleton Technologies is a Global Cleantech 100 company and a technology leader in high power  fast charging energy storage for transportation  grid  automotive  and industrial applications.For us  developing and producing the best energy storage solutions is a means to an end: helping companies to reduce CO2 emissions and save energy.We work with some of the largest companies in the world - from European automotive companies  industrial equipment OEMs to truck fleet operators and aerospace prime contractors. Our products decrease CO2 emissions and fuel consumption  improve power quality  and empower wider electrification of the biggest industries globally to fight climate change.Our supercapacitor and SuperBattery energy storage technologies  based on patented curved graphene  represent the biggest technological advancement in the industry in the last 20 years and the use of this innovative material provides our products with an unparalleled advantage in power and energy density.Skeleton Technologies Group has four main locations: its manufacturing in Großröhrsdorf  sales in Berlin  materials development in Bitterfeld-Wolfen  and electrical engineering and module development in Tallinn  Estonia. In 2024  we will open the largest supercapacitor factory in the world in Markranstädt  Germany.Press Contact:Arnaud CastaignetVice President of Public Relations & Government Affairs+372 5669 9602arnaud.castaignet@skeletontech.comSkeleton Technologiesinfo@skeletontech.comwww.skeletontech.comA photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/85ece30a-1c91-47be-8dec-8391415325f7,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Skeleton Technologies', 'strategic partnership', 'zero-emission technologies', 'TECO', 'largest marine fuel cell retrofit projects', 'dynamic FCM400 marine fuel cell', 'large battery energy storage capacity', 'six 400 kW Fuel Cell Modules', 'fast charging energy storage', 'first Proton exchange membrane', 'fuel cell powered ships', 'Sales Director Kersten Eero', 'PEM) fuel cells gigafactory', 'conventional lithium-ion battery solution', 'hydrogen fuel cell solutions', 'fuel cell system', 'COO Tor-Erik Hoftun', 'heavy duty trucks', 'three European countries', 'global technology leader', 'hydrogen fuel cells', 'other consortium partners', 'Horizon Europe programme', 'green maritime technology', 'fuel cells’ performance', 'The HyEkoTank project', 'TECO Maritime Group', 'high-power battery', 'zero-carbon fuel', 'first step', 'joint solutions', 'complementary technology', 'SuperBattery modules', 'global leaders', 'European Union', 'renewable hydrogen', 'maritime applications', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'strategic partnership', 'port operations', 'industrial applications', 'Business Development', 'Fredrik Aarskog', 'Estonian government', 'container solution', 'auxiliary loads', 'many synergies', 'key enabling', 'key partner', 'many opportunities', 'new partnership', 'Taavi Madiberk', 'load changes', 'peak shaving', 'perfect match', 'installation space', 'perfect fit', 'climate neutrality', 'inland waterway', 'waterborne transport', 'modular systems', 'best solution', 'decarbonization goals', 'complementary technologies', 'additional applications', 'annual output', 'maritime sector', 'maritime industry', 'high power', 'power supply', 'peak power', 'carbon emissions', 'CO2 emissions', 'GHG emissions', 'mining sector', 'zero-emissions voyage', 'Skeleton Technologies', 'SuperBattery product', 'high-power SuperBattery', 'zero emissions', 'TECO 2030 Booth', 'LYSAKER', 'Norway', 'June', 'OSE', 'OTCQX', 'TECFF', 'ISIN', 'use', 'transportation', 'grid', 'automotive', 'Shipping', 'left', 'right', 'world', 'Shell', 'Sweden', 'Netherlands', 'transition', 'work', 'HydroCap', 'February', '3 years', 'propulsion', 'lifetime', 'requirement', 'TECO2030', 'companies', 'sectors', 'electrification', 'CEO', 'founder', 'consumer', 'seconds', 'compact', 'safety', 'recyclability', 'fleets', 'achievement', 'sea-going', 'newbuild', 'flexibility', 'rail', 'shorepower', 'construction', 'spin-off', 'production', '400MW', '1,600MW']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RAMSDENS-HOLDINGS-PLC-34041806/news/UK-Inflation-to-Be-Among-Highest-in-Major-Economies-in-2023-OECD-Says-44061594/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,UK Inflation to Be Among Highest in Major Economies in 2023  OECD Says,(marketscreener.com)  UK Inflation to Be Among Highest in Major Economies in 2023  OECD Says  1133 GMT - The U.K. is set to have one of the highest rates of inflation among major global economies this year  according to forecasts published Wednesday by the…,"UK Inflation to Be Among Highest in Major Economies in 2023  OECD Says1133 GMT - The U.K. is set to have one of the highest rates of inflation among major global economies this year  according to forecasts published Wednesday by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Inflation should average 6.9% in the U.K. this year  the OECD says  putting it above most other economies in the G-20 group of the world's biggest economies  below only outliers Argentina and Turkey. In the U.K.  inflation is set to stay strong on higher prices for imported foods  services and goods  the OECD says. The rate should nevertheless begin to slow as energy prices fall by the end of the next year  the group adds. Average inflation for the G-20 as a whole is expected around 6.1% for the year  the OECD says. (joshua.kirby@wsj.com; @joshualeokirby)COMPANIES NEWS:Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah and Cboe's Natan Tiefenbrun among winners at FN awards -- Financial NewsThe 21st annual Excellence in Trading & Tech Awards were announced at a black-tie dinner at One Marylebone in London---Roquefort Therapeutics Resumes Trading After Publishing 2022 ResultsRoquefort Therapeutics shares were restored to trading in London on Wednesday following the publication of its 2022 accounts.---Harbour In Merger Talks With Talos  Reuters Reports-- U.K. oil-and-gas producer Harbour Energy is in talks to merge with Gulf of Mexico-focused peer Talos Energy  Reuters reported late Tuesday late citing four unnamed sources.---Vodafone  Hutchison to Announce Merger of UK Operations on Friday or Next Week  Reuters ReportsBritain's Vodafone Group and Hong-Kong listed CK Hutchison Holdings are in the final stages of agreeing on the merger of their U.K. operations  Reuters reports  citing sources.---IQE's CFO Tim Pullen Stepped Down; Neil Rummings Named Chief Financial OfficerIQE said Wednesday that Chief Financial Officer Tim Pullen stepped down from his role effective Tuesday and that Neil Rummings will assume the role of acting CFO with immediate effect.---Zambeef Products Sees FY 2023 Gross Profit Missing Views As Pricing  Costs Squeeze MarginsZambeef Products on Wednesday said it expects gross profit for fiscal 2023 to fall short of market expectations while revenue  adjusted earnings and pretax profit are seen in line.---Ramsdens 1H Pretax Profit Jumps On Strong RevenueRamsdens Holdings said Wednesday that pretax profit surged in the first half-year of fiscal 2023 on the back of strong revenue  particularly its jewellery retail revenue  and that it has increased its interim dividend.---PCI-PAL Says Sycurio Breached Confidentiality Agreement in Patent LitigationPCI-PAL said Wednesday that competitor Sycurio Limited breached a confidentiality agreement in April 2022  put in place to protect information provided as part of a progressing patent litigation between the two companies.---Scotgold Resources Names CFO Sean Duffy as Interim CEOScotgold Resources said Wednesday that it has appointed Chief Financial Officer Sean Duffy as interim chief executive officer with immediate effect.---WE Soda Confirms London IPO PlanKew Soda  which trades as WE Soda  on Wednesday confirmed that it will proceed with its planned initial public offering on the London Stock Exchange  having received considerable interest from potential investors.---Mirriad Advertising Shares Fall After It Reports Wider 2022 Pretax Loss on China Exit  Slow US SalesShares in Mirriad Advertising fell Wednesday after it said that 2022 pretax loss widened as revenue fell on it exiting its Chinese business and its U.S. performance in the current year was lower than anticipated.---Gusbourne Sees Breakeven in Current Year After 2022 Pretax Loss NarrowedGusbourne on Wednesday said it expects to move toward breakeven in 2023 as it posted a narrower pretax loss for 2022 and revenue growth across its sales channels in the U.K. and internationally.---Up Global Sees FY 2023 Results in Line With ExpectationsUp Global Sourcing Holdings said Wednesday that performance in fiscal 2023 remains in line with market expectations.---DiscoverIE FY 2023 Pretax Profit Rose on Higher RevenueDiscoverIE Group said Wednesday that pretax profit for fiscal 2023 rose as revenue increased on higher sales  and that the new fiscal year has started well with continued organic sales growth over last year.---Diageo Says Former CEO Ivan Menezes has DiedDiageo said Wednesday that former Chief Executive Officer Ivan Menezes has died following a brief illness.---City Pub Group Flags Strong Performance in Year to DateCity Pub Group on Wednesday said it has continued to see strong performance over the five first months of 2023 and it expects this trend to continue through the second half of the year.---Hostmore's Total Revenue  Comparative Revenue for First 22 Weeks of 2023 FellHostmore said Wednesday that total revenue and like-for-like revenue for the first 22 weeks of 2023 fell but was broadly consistent with the performance it saw in the first 16 weeks of the year.---Zenith Energy Ltd Opens Legal Proceedings Against Tunisia  Claims at Least $48 MlnZenith Energy Ltd said Wednesday that it has formally submitted various legal proceedings against Tunisia  claiming a total of at least $48 million.---Jadestone Energy Completes $50 Mln Fundraising; Plans Up to $8.3 Mln Open OfferJadestone Energy said Wednesday that it has raised net proceeds of $50 million in its placing and subscription  and intends to raise up to a further $8.3 million in an open offer  strengthening its balance sheet.---NIOX Group Declares 2.5p Special DividendNIOX Group on Wednesday declared a special dividend of 2.5 pence a share as it now believes that the company's cash generation and resources are at a level that enables it to start paying them  as previously flagged.---LoopUp 2022 Pretax Loss Narrowed on Lower Costs; Sees 2023 in Line With ViewsLoopUp Group said Wednesday that its 2022 pretax loss narrowed after booking lower costs  and that the board was confident in its ability to meet market expectations for 2023.---VP FY 2023 Pretax Profit Fell on Exceptional ItemsVP on Wednesday reported that its pretax profit for fiscal 2023 fell on year partly due to exceptional restructuring costs despite higher revenue  and said it is well placed for growth.---DX (Group) Reaches Settlement With Tuffnells; Confirms OutlookDX (Group) said Wednesday that it has reached a full and final settlement with Tuffnells Parcels Express in its claim against DX  which it said has no effect on its fiscal-year expectations.MARKET TALK:UP Global's Weak Shares Present a Buying Opportunity1056 GMT - UP Global's unjustifiably cheap shares in recent weeks present a buying opportunity as the U.K. homeware company looks on course to another year of revenue growth and profits following today's positive update  Canaccord Genuity analyst Mark Photiades writes in a research note. ""With less than two months to run until the end of the year the group is on course to achieve another year of positive growth in revenues and profits  which we view as a very successful outcome given the challenging consumer backdrop "" Photiades says. Canaccord has a buy rating on the stock at a price target of 200 pence. Shares in UP Global are up 0.8% at 125.00 pence. (christian.moess@wsj.com)---Wizz Air to Benefit From Order Book  Structural Demand Growth1051 GMT - Wizz Air's order book and structural demand growth will help the company to expand toward a 500 plane target by 2030  Bernstein analyst Alex Irving says in a note. Although the budget airline's primary source of growth is central and eastern Europe  it also pushes into new markets where opportunities are perceived allocating planes flexibly across regions  Irving says. The airline has said it is launching operations to Bishkek  Kyrgyzstan and is relaunching routes to Larnaca  Cyprus  Santorini  Greece and Sohag  Egypt. It also has a ruthlessly efficient operating model  with the lowest unit cost in the sector  allowing it to go head-to-head against any other player  he says. ""Structurally high margins and a strong management team provide support "" Irving says. Bernstein rates the stock outperform and has a GBP55 target price. (anthony.orunagoriainoff@dowjones.com)---Ramsdens Share Price Doesn't Reflect Upgrade Momentum1044 GMT - Ramsdens strong momentum doesn't seem to be accurately priced into shares  Liberum analysts James Allen and Nick Anderson write in a research note. Despite the financial-services company's strong track record of consensus upgrades  the share price has tended to be reactive to upward revisions rather than pricing in upgrade expectations ahead of events  the analysts say. ""We therefore believe the market either doesn't expect further upward estimate revisions or has failed to price them in  despite the momentum of the business "" they say. Liberum lifts its price target to 290 pence from 280 pence  while keeping a buy rating on the stock. Shares are up 3.2% at 255.00 pence. (christian.moess@wsj.com)Contact: London NewsPlus  Dow Jones Newswires;(END) Dow Jones Newswires06-07-23 0847ET",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['UK Inflation', 'Major Economies', 'OECD', 'former Chief Executive Officer Ivan Menezes', 'Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah', 'Chief Financial Officer Tim Pullen', 'Chief Financial Officer Sean Duffy', 'Former CEO Ivan Menezes', 'interim chief executive officer', 'Up Global Sourcing Holdings', 'Date City Pub Group', 'Mexico-focused peer Talos Energy', 'CFO Tim Pullen', 'CFO Sean Duffy', '21st annual Excellence', 'initial public offering', 'most other economies', 'Slow US Sales', 'four unnamed sources', 'CK Hutchison Holdings', 'competitor Sycurio Limited', 'progressing patent litigation', 'London IPO Plan', 'London Stock Exchange', 'organic sales growth', 'five first months', 'The U.K.', 'jewellery retail revenue', 'major global economies', '1H Pretax Profit', 'Pretax Profit Rose', 'narrower pretax loss', 'U.K. operations', 'Roquefort Therapeutics shares', 'Mirriad Advertising Shares', 'U.S. performance', 'Interim CEO', 'new fiscal year', 'Financial News', 'Major Economies', 'energy prices', 'acting CFO', 'interim dividend', '2022 pretax loss', 'biggest economies', 'UK Operations', 'Ramsdens Holdings', 'sales channels', 'higher sales', 'DiscoverIE Group', 'Gross Profit', 'revenue growth', 'Harbour Energy', 'highest rates', 'Economic Cooperation', 'higher prices', 'COMPANIES NEWS', 'Natan Tiefenbrun', 'FN awards', 'Tech Awards', 'black-tie dinner', 'One Marylebone', 'gas producer', 'Next Week', 'Hong-Kong listed', 'final stages', 'Neil Rummings', 'immediate effect', 'Zambeef Products', 'adjusted earnings', 'first half-year', 'Confidentiality Agreement', 'two companies', 'Scotgold Resources', 'WE Soda', 'Kew Soda', 'considerable interest', 'potential investors', 'China Exit', 'Chinese business', 'DiscoverIE FY', 'brief illness', 'second half', 'First 22 Weeks', 'G-20 group', 'Vodafone Group', 'Strong Performance', 'next year', 'Reuters Reports', 'Strong Revenue', 'current year', 'Higher Revenue', 'last year', 'Total Revenue', 'Comparative Revenue', 'market expectations', 'UK Inflation', 'Average inflation', 'Merger Talks', 'first 1', 'OECD', '1133 GMT', 'forecasts', 'Organization', 'Development', 'world', 'outliers', 'Argentina', 'Turkey', 'foods', 'services', 'goods', 'kirby', 'Cboe', 'winners', 'Trading', 'Publishing', '2022 Results', 'Wednesday', 'publication', '2022 accounts', 'Gulf', 'Friday', 'Britain', 'IQE', 'role', 'Views', 'Pricing', 'Costs', 'Margins', 'line', 'back', 'PCI-PAL', 'April', 'place', 'information', 'part', 'Gusbourne', 'breakeven', '2023 Results', 'Diageo', 'trend', 'Hostmore', '2023 Fell']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Tech-Foundations-Highlights-Plan-to-Refocus-Recover-and-Rebound-and-Upgrades-Mid-Term-Ambitions-44055291/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Tech Foundations Highlights Plan to Refocus  Recover and Rebound  and Upgrades Mid-Term Ambitions,(marketscreener.com) Tech Foundations Highlights Plan to Refocus  Recover and Rebound  and Upgrades Mid-Term Ambitions Redefining portfolio around core activities and pivoting in industry-leading offerings with focus on higher growth segments and new go-to-ma…,Tech Foundations Highlights Plan to Refocus  Recover and Rebound  and Upgrades Mid-Term AmbitionsRedefining portfolio around core activities and pivoting in industry-leading offerings with focus on higher growth segments and new go-to-market strategyStrong execution leading to improved outlook: revenue to bottom out in 2024 at c. € 5 billion  with 0-2% core revenue growth and ongoing managed decline in non-core businessExecuting a comprehensive margin expansion plan  targeting € 1.2 billion gross benefits by 2026 to bring operating margin to industry standardOver € 300 million higher cumulative cash flow for the next four years compared to original planUpgrading mid-term ambitions to reflect strong delivery and faster transformation:Revenue back to growth in 2026 6 - 8% operating margin in 2026 Cash flow 1 turning positive in 2025 and reaching over € 250 million in 2026Paris  June 7  2023 - Tech Foundations  the Atos business leading in managed services  focusing on hybrid cloud infrastructure  employee experience and technology services  holds today an Analyst Day to highlight its proven transformation plan  leading to a clear and accelerated path to value creation and upgraded 2026 ambitions.Nourdine Bihmane  Atos Group CEO and co-CEO in charge of Tech Foundations  declared: “Over the past 12 months  the teams across Tech Foundations have been fully mobilized and dedicated to implementing a comprehensive plan to renew with a path to success. In just a short amount of time  we have managed to deliver better-than-expected results and have received overwhelmingly positive feedback from our stakeholders. At today’s Analyst Day  we aim to provide additional insight into our transformation plan and how we envision Tech Foundations moving forward: a leader focused on its core businesses  an innovative actor able to seize new opportunities in growing markets and a pillar of tomorrow’s IT. While our achievements to date are just the beginning  they allow us to continue with confidence and upgrade our mid-term ambitions.”A redefined portfolio addressing larger and growing marketsTech Foundations has redefined its core portfolio to better address key customer priorities and to strategically position itself to capitalize on market trends such as distributed workforce post-Covid  fast move to multi-cloud and hybrid configurations and heightened importance of sovereign cloud as well as artificial intelligence.Through the strategic redirection on its core offerings  Tech Foundations is pivoting towards a larger addressable market of approximately € 705 billion worldwide  which is 40% higher than what was considered at last year’s Atos Capital Markets Day on June 14  2022. In particular  the redirection addresses an expanded technology advisory & customized services market  as well as new business areas in hybrid and multi-cloud infrastructure and digital business platforms. This larger total addressable market is expected to grow 3-5% per annum over 2022-2026 (CAGR).Specifically  Tech Foundations’ portfolio is evolving around four core businesses  totalling € 4.5 billion revenue in 2022:Hybrid and cloud infrastructure to manage  operate and modernize business-critical operations in the cloud continuum  seamlessly from edge to public and everywhere else in-between. This offering  with its new services  totalled € 2.1 billion in revenue in 2022;to manage  operate and modernize business-critical operations in the cloud continuum  seamlessly from edge to public and everywhere else in-between. This offering  with its new services  totalled € 2.1 billion in revenue in 2022; Digital workplace   to provide end-to-end employee experience through digital collaboration and productivity tools  as well as intelligent customer care services. This offering totalled € 1.2 billion in revenue in 2022;  to provide end-to-end employee experience through digital collaboration and productivity tools  as well as intelligent customer care services. This offering totalled € 1.2 billion in revenue in 2022; Technology advisory & customized services   which delivers tech advisory and technical professional services  including expanded solutions such as AI  data analytics  automation and IoT. This expanded offering totalled € 0.9 billion in revenue in 2022;  which delivers tech advisory and technical professional services  including expanded solutions such as AI  data analytics  automation and IoT. This expanded offering totalled € 0.9 billion in revenue in 2022; Digital business platforms  which encompass high-growth solutions such as generative AI  green IT  major events and more. This new offering totalled € 0.3 billion in revenue in 2022.In parallel  Tech Foundations is actively reducing its exposure to non-core activities (BPO  hardware & software resale and UCC)  which represented revenue of € 0.9 billion in 2022.Strong execution positioning Tech Foundations on a path for sustainable value creationTech Foundations is implementing a comprehensive margin expansion aiming to reduce costs and improve operational efficiency. This transformational effort  unprecedented in the Group’s history  encompasses over 300 initiatives that have already yielded significant results  with a gross run-rate benefit of € 270 million delivered as of the end of Q1 2023. These achievements have been primarily driven by 900 headcount reductions in high-cost countries  pricing increases across more than 85 accounts  and addressing 66% of underperforming accounts revenue so far. As a result  Tech Foundations is on track to realize targeted gross benefits of € 1.2 billion from its transformation plan by 2026.In parallel  on the commercial side  Tech Foundations has stabilized its performance by gradually rebuilding a robust and more selective commercial pipeline  which has led to new logos and large deals wins  and an improved book-to-bill ratio quarter-over-quarter. With its actions currently in place  Tech Foundations aims to significantly accelerate its book-to-bill.Thanks to its strategic portfolio reshaping and the successful implementation of a comprehensive margin expansion plan  Tech Foundations has achieved notable milestones. In 2022  Tech Foundations stabilized its core portfolio revenue with organic growth of +1.2%  and turned its operating margin positive  three years ahead of its original plan.Upgrading mid-term ambitionsIn light of its recent outperformance and its long-term strategic vision  Tech Foundations is upgrading its 2026 ambitions:Revenue is expected to bottom out at c. € 5 billion in 2024  as a combination of a 0-2% organic growth p.a. in core revenue and an ongoing managed decline in non-core activities. Tech Foundations’ revenue is then expected to resume a growth trajectory in 2026.Operating margin is expected to reach 6% to 8% in 2026.Free cash flow before interest and tax is expected to turn positive in 2025 and reach over € 250 million in 2026.In comparison with the previous plan  presented at last year’s Atos Capital Markets Day  and based on strong execution and financial performance so far  this upgraded plan aims to stabilize core revenue 2 years earlier  deliver 100 to 300 basis points higher operating margin in 2026 and a cumulative free cash flow before interest and tax higher by over € 300 million over the 2023-2026 period – this results from a higher operating margin as well as a total cost of the transformation plan being approximately 10% lower. Such costs are now estimated at € 780 million for the period 2022-2026 and ensure a payback period of less than two years.Analyst Day conferenceTech Foundations’ Analyst Day will begin June 07  2023  at 9:00 am CET.You can join the webcast of the conference by registering and login at the following address:https://investor-day2023.aio-events.com/192/participation_formAfter the conference  a replay of the webcast will be available on atos.net  in the Investors section.About Tech FoundationsTech Foundations is the Atos Group business line leading in managed services  focusing on hybrid cloud & infrastructure  employee experience and technology services  through decarbonized  automated and AI-enabled solutions. Its 52 000 employees advance what matters to the world’s businesses  institutions and communities. It is present in 69 countries  with revenue of € 6 billion in 2022.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor Relations: Thomas Guillois +33 6 21 34 36 62thomas.guillois@atos.netMedia: Anette Rey +33 6 69 79 84 88anette.rey@atos.netDisclaimersThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitor's behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Atos’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Atos’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 21  2023 under the registration number D.23-0321. Atos does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law. This document does not contain or constitute an offer of Atos’s shares for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in Atos’s shares in France  the United States of America or any other jurisdiction.This document includes information on specific transactions that shall be considered as projects only. In particular  any decision relating to the information or projects mentioned in this document and their terms and conditions will only be made after the ongoing in-depth analysis considering tax  legal  operational  finance  HR and all other relevant aspects have been completed and will be subject to general market conditions and other customary conditions  including governance bodies and shareholders’ approval as well as appropriate processes with the relevant employee representative bodies in accordance with applicable laws.1 Free cash flow before interest and taxAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['Tech Foundations', 'Mid-Term Ambitions', 'Plan', 'Recover', 'Rebound', '300 million higher cumulative cash flow', 'sustainable value creation Tech Foundations', 'intelligent customer care services', 'larger total addressable market', 'comprehensive margin expansion plan', '0-2% core revenue growth', 'higher growth segments', 'key customer priorities', 'next four years', 'larger addressable market', 'technical professional services', 'ongoing managed decline', '1.2 billion gross benefits', '6 - 8% operating margin', 'Atos Capital Markets', 'customized services market', 'digital business platforms', 'four core businesses', 'Strong execution positioning', 'proven transformation plan', 'Atos Group CEO', 'end employee experience', 'new business areas', 'Tech Foundations’ portfolio', 'hybrid cloud infrastructure', 'expanded technology advisory', 'comprehensive plan', 'Atos business', 'managed services', 'technology services', 'market strategy', 'market trends', 'new services', 'core activities', 'core offerings', 'Digital workplace', 'digital collaboration', 'original plan', 'strong delivery', 'faster transformation', 'growing markets', 'sovereign cloud', 'cloud continuum', 'core portfolio', 'industry-leading offerings', 'industry standard', 'Nourdine Bihmane', 'past 12 months', 'short amount', 'positive feedback', 'additional insight', 'innovative actor', 'new opportunities', 'fast move', 'artificial intelligence', 'last year', 'business-critical operations', 'productivity tools', 'data analytics', 'major events', 'software resale', 'operational efficiency', 'multi-cloud infrastructure', '€ 4.5 billion revenue', 'Mid-Term Ambitions', 'hybrid configurations', 'Analyst Day', 'expanded solutions', 'high-growth solutions', 'strategic redirection', 'green IT', 'accelerated path', 'new offering', '2026 ambitions', 'Recover', 'Rebound', 'Upgrades', 'focus', 'outlook', 'Upgrading', 'Paris', 'clear', 'charge', 'teams', 'success', 'time', 'expected', 'results', 'stakeholders', 'today', 'leader', 'pillar', 'tomorrow', 'achievements', 'date', 'beginning', 'confidence', 'workforce', 'Covid', 'importance', 'June', 'annum', 'CAGR', 'edge', 'public', 'between', 'automation', 'IoT', 'parallel', 'exposure', 'BPO', 'hardware', 'costs']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/index/FTSE-100-7392/news/FTSE-100-Closes-Slightly-Down-as-Property-Stocks-Slip-on-House-Prices-Data-44063402/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,FTSE 100 Closes Slightly Down as Property Stocks Slip on House-Prices Data,(marketscreener.com)  The FTSE 100 Index closed Wednesday marginally down  0.05% or 3.7 points to 7624  as property stocks offset the rise on the oil-exposed sector on the back of negative house-prices data. The index's dull performance was in line with glob…,"The FTSE 100 Index closed Wednesday marginally down  0.05% or 3.7 points to 7624  as property stocks offset the rise on the oil-exposed sector on the back of negative house-prices data. The index's dull performance was in line with global peers amid rising concerns about the outlook for global demand after a sharp fall in China's exports in May  CMC Markets UK chief market analyst Michael Hewson says in a note. Car-insurer Admiral led the falls  closing down 3.0%  followed by logistics and warehouse developer Segro and Entain  down 2.3% and 2.0%  respectively. Telecommunications group BT shares outperformed the index  closing up 3.75%.COMPANIES NEWS:Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah and Cboe's Natan Tiefenbrun among winners at FN awards -- Financial NewsThe 21st annual Excellence in Trading & Tech Awards were announced at a black-tie dinner at One Marylebone in London---Roquefort Therapeutics Resumes Trading After Publishing 2022 ResultsRoquefort Therapeutics shares were restored to trading in London on Wednesday following the publication of its 2022 accounts.---Harbour In Merger Talks With Talos  Reuters Reports-- U.K. oil-and-gas producer Harbour Energy is in talks to merge with Gulf of Mexico-focused peer Talos Energy  Reuters reported late Tuesday late citing four unnamed sources.---Vodafone  Hutchison to Announce Merger of UK Operations on Friday or Next Week  Reuters ReportsBritain's Vodafone Group and Hong-Kong listed CK Hutchison Holdings are in the final stages of agreeing on the merger of their U.K. operations  Reuters reports  citing sources.---IQE's CFO Tim Pullen Stepped Down; Neil Rummings Named Chief Financial OfficerIQE said Wednesday that Chief Financial Officer Tim Pullen stepped down from his role effective Tuesday and that Neil Rummings will assume the role of acting CFO with immediate effect.---Zambeef Products Sees FY 2023 Gross Profit Missing Views As Pricing  Costs Squeeze MarginsZambeef Products on Wednesday said it expects gross profit for fiscal 2023 to fall short of market expectations while revenue  adjusted earnings and pretax profit are seen in line.---Ramsdens 1H Pretax Profit Jumps On Strong RevenueRamsdens Holdings said Wednesday that pretax profit surged in the first half-year of fiscal 2023 on the back of strong revenue  particularly its jewellery retail revenue  and that it has increased its interim dividend.---PCI-PAL Says Sycurio Breached Confidentiality Agreement in Patent LitigationPCI-PAL said Wednesday that competitor Sycurio Limited breached a confidentiality agreement in April 2022  put in place to protect information provided as part of a progressing patent litigation between the two companies.---Scotgold Resources Names CFO Sean Duffy as Interim CEOScotgold Resources said Wednesday that it has appointed Chief Financial Officer Sean Duffy as interim chief executive officer with immediate effect.---WE Soda Confirms London IPO PlanKew Soda  which trades as WE Soda  on Wednesday confirmed that it will proceed with its planned initial public offering on the London Stock Exchange  having received considerable interest from potential investors.---Mirriad Advertising Shares Fall After It Reports Wider 2022 Pretax Loss on China Exit  Slow US SalesShares in Mirriad Advertising fell Wednesday after it said that 2022 pretax loss widened as revenue fell on it exiting its Chinese business and its U.S. performance in the current year was lower than anticipated.---Gusbourne Sees Breakeven in Current Year After 2022 Pretax Loss NarrowedGusbourne on Wednesday said it expects to move toward breakeven in 2023 as it posted a narrower pretax loss for 2022 and revenue growth across its sales channels in the U.K. and internationally.---Up Global Sees FY 2023 Results in Line With ExpectationsUp Global Sourcing Holdings said Wednesday that performance in fiscal 2023 remains in line with market expectations.---DiscoverIE FY 2023 Pretax Profit Rose on Higher RevenueDiscoverIE Group said Wednesday that pretax profit for fiscal 2023 rose as revenue increased on higher sales  and that the new fiscal year has started well with continued organic sales growth over last year.---Diageo Says Former CEO Ivan Menezes has DiedDiageo said Wednesday that former Chief Executive Officer Ivan Menezes has died following a brief illness.---City Pub Group Flags Strong Performance in Year to DateCity Pub Group on Wednesday said it has continued to see strong performance over the five first months of 2023 and it expects this trend to continue through the second half of the year.---Hostmore's Total Revenue  Comparative Revenue for First 22 Weeks of 2023 FellHostmore said Wednesday that total revenue and like-for-like revenue for the first 22 weeks of 2023 fell but was broadly consistent with the performance it saw in the first 16 weeks of the year.---Zenith Energy Ltd Opens Legal Proceedings Against Tunisia  Claims at Least $48 MlnZenith Energy Ltd said Wednesday that it has formally submitted various legal proceedings against Tunisia  claiming a total of at least $48 million.---Jadestone Energy Completes $50 Mln Fundraising; Plans Up to $8.3 Mln Open OfferJadestone Energy said Wednesday that it has raised net proceeds of $50 million in its placing and subscription  and intends to raise up to a further $8.3 million in an open offer  strengthening its balance sheet.---NIOX Group Declares 2.5p Special DividendNIOX Group on Wednesday declared a special dividend of 2.5 pence a share as it now believes that the company's cash generation and resources are at a level that enables it to start paying them  as previously flagged.---LoopUp 2022 Pretax Loss Narrowed on Lower Costs; Sees 2023 in Line With ViewsLoopUp Group said Wednesday that its 2022 pretax loss narrowed after booking lower costs  and that the board was confident in its ability to meet market expectations for 2023.---VP FY 2023 Pretax Profit Fell on Exceptional ItemsVP on Wednesday reported that its pretax profit for fiscal 2023 fell on year partly due to exceptional restructuring costs despite higher revenue  and said it is well placed for growth.---DX (Group) Reaches Settlement With Tuffnells; Confirms OutlookDX (Group) said Wednesday that it has reached a full and final settlement with Tuffnells Parcels Express in its claim against DX  which it said has no effect on its fiscal-year expectations.MARKET TALK:UP Global's Weak Shares Present a Buying Opportunity1056 GMT - UP Global's unjustifiably cheap shares in recent weeks present a buying opportunity as the U.K. homeware company looks on course to another year of revenue growth and profits following today's positive update  Canaccord Genuity analyst Mark Photiades writes in a research note. ""With less than two months to run until the end of the year the group is on course to achieve another year of positive growth in revenues and profits  which we view as a very successful outcome given the challenging consumer backdrop "" Photiades says. Canaccord has a buy rating on the stock at a price target of 200 pence. Shares in UP Global are up 0.8% at 125.00 pence. (christian.moess@wsj.com)---Wizz Air to Benefit From Order Book  Structural Demand Growth1051 GMT - Wizz Air's order book and structural demand growth will help the company to expand toward a 500 plane target by 2030  Bernstein analyst Alex Irving says in a note. Although the budget airline's primary source of growth is central and eastern Europe  it also pushes into new markets where opportunities are perceived allocating planes flexibly across regions  Irving says. The airline has said it is launching operations to Bishkek  Kyrgyzstan and is relaunching routes to Larnaca  Cyprus  Santorini  Greece and Sohag  Egypt. It also has a ruthlessly efficient operating model  with the lowest unit cost in the sector  allowing it to go head-to-head against any other player  he says. ""Structurally high margins and a strong management team provide support "" Irving says. Bernstein rates the stock outperform and has a GBP55 target price. (anthony.orunagoriainoff@dowjones.com)---Ramsdens Share Price Doesn't Reflect Upgrade Momentum1044 GMT - Ramsdens strong momentum doesn't seem to be accurately priced into shares  Liberum analysts James Allen and Nick Anderson write in a research note. Despite the financial-services company's strong track record of consensus upgrades  the share price has tended to be reactive to upward revisions rather than pricing in upgrade expectations ahead of events  the analysts say. ""We therefore believe the market either doesn't expect further upward estimate revisions or has failed to price them in  despite the momentum of the business "" they say. Liberum lifts its price target to 290 pence from 280 pence  while keeping a buy rating on the stock. Shares are up 3.2% at 255.00 pence. (christian.moess@wsj.com)Contact: London NewsPlus  Dow Jones Newswires(END) Dow Jones Newswires06-07-23 1209ET",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,negative,0.0,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Property Stocks', 'House-Prices Data', 'FTSE 100', 'CMC Markets UK chief market analyst Michael Hewson', 'former Chief Executive Officer Ivan Menezes', 'Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah', 'Hong-Kong listed CK Hutchison Holdings', 'Chief Financial Officer Tim Pullen', 'Chief Financial Officer Sean Duffy', 'Former CEO Ivan Menezes', 'interim chief executive officer', 'Up Global Sourcing Holdings', 'Mexico-focused peer Talos Energy', 'CFO Tim Pullen', 'CFO Sean Duffy', 'negative house-prices data', '21st annual Excellence', 'initial public offering', 'Zenith Energy Ltd', 'Slow US Sales', 'City Pub Group', 'five first months', 'four unnamed sources', 'competitor Sycurio Limited', 'progressing patent litigation', 'London IPO Plan', 'London Stock Exchange', 'organic sales growth', 'various legal proceedings', 'jewellery retail revenue', 'The FTSE 100 Index', 'U.K. operations', '1H Pretax Profit', 'Pretax Profit Rose', 'narrower pretax loss', 'UK Operations', 'U.S. performance', 'Roquefort Therapeutics shares', 'Mirriad Advertising Shares', 'Interim CEO', 'new fiscal year', 'Financial News', 'market expectations', 'Ramsdens Holdings', 'acting CFO', 'interim dividend', '2022 pretax loss', 'Harbour Energy', 'sales channels', 'higher sales', 'Telecommunications group', 'DiscoverIE Group', 'Gross Profit', 'global peers', 'global demand', 'BT shares', 'revenue growth', 'first half-year', 'First 22 Weeks', 'first 16 weeks', 'property stocks', 'oil-exposed sector', 'rising concerns', 'sharp fall', 'Car-insurer Admiral', 'warehouse developer', 'COMPANIES NEWS', 'Natan Tiefenbrun', 'FN awards', 'Tech Awards', 'black-tie dinner', 'One Marylebone', 'gas producer', 'Next Week', 'final stages', 'Neil Rummings', 'immediate effect', 'Zambeef Products', 'adjusted earnings', 'Confidentiality Agreement', 'two companies', 'Scotgold Resources', 'WE Soda', 'Kew Soda', 'considerable interest', 'potential investors', 'Chinese business', 'DiscoverIE FY', 'brief illness', 'second half', 'Vodafone Group', 'dull performance', 'Strong Performance', 'Reuters Reports', 'Strong Revenue', 'Higher Revenue', 'Total Revenue', 'Comparative Revenue', 'current year', 'last year', 'China Exit', 'Merger Talks', 'rise', 'back', 'line', 'exports', 'May', 'note', 'falls', 'logistics', 'Segro', 'Entain', 'Cboe', 'winners', 'Trading', 'Publishing', '2022 Results', 'Wednesday', 'publication', '2022 accounts', 'Gulf', 'Friday', 'Britain', 'IQE', 'role', 'Views', 'Pricing', 'Costs', 'Margins', 'PCI-PAL', 'April', 'place', 'information', 'part', 'Gusbourne', 'breakeven', '2023 Results', 'Diageo', 'Date', 'trend', 'Hostmore', '2023 Fell', 'Tunisia', 'Claims', 'Least', '3.7']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2683447/0/en/Tech-Foundations-Highlights-Plan-to-Refocus-Recover-and-Rebound-and-Upgrades-Mid-Term-Ambitions.html,Tech Foundations Highlights Plan to Refocus  Recover and Rebound  and Upgrades Mid-Term Ambitions,Tech Foundations Highlights Plan to Refocus  Recover and Rebound  and Upgrades Mid-Term Ambitions  Redefining portfolio around core activities and...,English FrenchTech Foundations Highlights Plan to Refocus  Recover and Rebound  and Upgrades Mid-Term AmbitionsRedefining portfolio around core activities and pivoting in industry-leading offerings with focus on higher growth segments and new go-to-market strategyStrong execution leading to improved outlook: revenue to bottom out in 2024 at c. € 5 billion  with 0-2% core revenue growth and ongoing managed decline in non-core businessExecuting a comprehensive margin expansion plan  targeting € 1.2 billion gross benefits by 2026 to bring operating margin to industry standardOver € 300 million higher cumulative cash flow for the next four years compared to original planUpgrading mid-term ambitions to reflect strong delivery and faster transformation:Revenue back to growth in 2026 6 - 8% operating margin in 2026 Cash flow 1 turning positive in 2025 and reaching over € 250 million in 2026Paris  June 7  2023 - Tech Foundations  the Atos business leading in managed services  focusing on hybrid cloud infrastructure  employee experience and technology services  holds today an Analyst Day to highlight its proven transformation plan  leading to a clear and accelerated path to value creation and upgraded 2026 ambitions.Nourdine Bihmane  Atos Group CEO and co-CEO in charge of Tech Foundations  declared: “Over the past 12 months  the teams across Tech Foundations have been fully mobilized and dedicated to implementing a comprehensive plan to renew with a path to success. In just a short amount of time  we have managed to deliver better-than-expected results and have received overwhelmingly positive feedback from our stakeholders. At today’s Analyst Day  we aim to provide additional insight into our transformation plan and how we envision Tech Foundations moving forward: a leader focused on its core businesses  an innovative actor able to seize new opportunities in growing markets and a pillar of tomorrow’s IT. While our achievements to date are just the beginning  they allow us to continue with confidence and upgrade our mid-term ambitions.”A redefined portfolio addressing larger and growing marketsTech Foundations has redefined its core portfolio to better address key customer priorities and to strategically position itself to capitalize on market trends such as distributed workforce post-Covid  fast move to multi-cloud and hybrid configurations and heightened importance of sovereign cloud as well as artificial intelligence.Through the strategic redirection on its core offerings  Tech Foundations is pivoting towards a larger addressable market of approximately € 705 billion worldwide  which is 40% higher than what was considered at last year’s Atos Capital Markets Day on June 14  2022. In particular  the redirection addresses an expanded technology advisory & customized services market  as well as new business areas in hybrid and multi-cloud infrastructure and digital business platforms. This larger total addressable market is expected to grow 3-5% per annum over 2022-2026 (CAGR).Specifically  Tech Foundations’ portfolio is evolving around four core businesses  totalling € 4.5 billion revenue in 2022:Hybrid and cloud infrastructure to manage  operate and modernize business-critical operations in the cloud continuum  seamlessly from edge to public and everywhere else in-between. This offering  with its new services  totalled € 2.1 billion in revenue in 2022;to manage  operate and modernize business-critical operations in the cloud continuum  seamlessly from edge to public and everywhere else in-between. This offering  with its new services  totalled € 2.1 billion in revenue in 2022; Digital workplace   to provide end-to-end employee experience through digital collaboration and productivity tools  as well as intelligent customer care services. This offering totalled € 1.2 billion in revenue in 2022;  to provide end-to-end employee experience through digital collaboration and productivity tools  as well as intelligent customer care services. This offering totalled € 1.2 billion in revenue in 2022; Technology advisory & customized services   which delivers tech advisory and technical professional services  including expanded solutions such as AI  data analytics  automation and IoT. This expanded offering totalled € 0.9 billion in revenue in 2022;  which delivers tech advisory and technical professional services  including expanded solutions such as AI  data analytics  automation and IoT. This expanded offering totalled € 0.9 billion in revenue in 2022; Digital business platforms  which encompass high-growth solutions such as generative AI  green IT  major events and more. This new offering totalled € 0.3 billion in revenue in 2022.In parallel  Tech Foundations is actively reducing its exposure to non-core activities (BPO  hardware & software resale and UCC)  which represented revenue of € 0.9 billion in 2022.Strong execution positioning Tech Foundations on a path for sustainable value creationTech Foundations is implementing a comprehensive margin expansion aiming to reduce costs and improve operational efficiency. This transformational effort  unprecedented in the Group’s history  encompasses over 300 initiatives that have already yielded significant results  with a gross run-rate benefit of € 270 million delivered as of the end of Q1 2023. These achievements have been primarily driven by 900 headcount reductions in high-cost countries  pricing increases across more than 85 accounts  and addressing 66% of underperforming accounts revenue so far. As a result  Tech Foundations is on track to realize targeted gross benefits of € 1.2 billion from its transformation plan by 2026.In parallel  on the commercial side  Tech Foundations has stabilized its performance by gradually rebuilding a robust and more selective commercial pipeline  which has led to new logos and large deals wins  and an improved book-to-bill ratio quarter-over-quarter. With its actions currently in place  Tech Foundations aims to significantly accelerate its book-to-bill.Thanks to its strategic portfolio reshaping and the successful implementation of a comprehensive margin expansion plan  Tech Foundations has achieved notable milestones. In 2022  Tech Foundations stabilized its core portfolio revenue with organic growth of +1.2%  and turned its operating margin positive  three years ahead of its original plan.Upgrading mid-term ambitionsIn light of its recent outperformance and its long-term strategic vision  Tech Foundations is upgrading its 2026 ambitions:Revenue is expected to bottom out at c. € 5 billion in 2024  as a combination of a 0-2% organic growth p.a. in core revenue and an ongoing managed decline in non-core activities. Tech Foundations’ revenue is then expected to resume a growth trajectory in 2026.Operating margin is expected to reach 6% to 8% in 2026.Free cash flow before interest and tax is expected to turn positive in 2025 and reach over € 250 million in 2026.In comparison with the previous plan  presented at last year’s Atos Capital Markets Day  and based on strong execution and financial performance so far  this upgraded plan aims to stabilize core revenue 2 years earlier  deliver 100 to 300 basis points higher operating margin in 2026 and a cumulative free cash flow before interest and tax higher by over € 300 million over the 2023-2026 period – this results from a higher operating margin as well as a total cost of the transformation plan being approximately 10% lower. Such costs are now estimated at € 780 million for the period 2022-2026 and ensure a payback period of less than two years.Analyst Day conferenceTech Foundations’ Analyst Day will begin June 07  2023  at 9:00 am CET.You can join the webcast of the conference by registering and login at the following address:https://investor-day2023.aio-events.com/192/participation_formAfter the conference  a replay of the webcast will be available on atos.net  in the Investors section.About Tech FoundationsTech Foundations is the Atos Group business line leading in managed services  focusing on hybrid cloud & infrastructure  employee experience and technology services  through decarbonized  automated and AI-enabled solutions. Its 52 000 employees advance what matters to the world’s businesses  institutions and communities. It is present in 69 countries  with revenue of € 6 billion in 2022.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 110 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor Relations: Thomas Guillois +33 6 21 34 36 62thomas.guillois@atos.netMedia: Anette Rey +33 6 69 79 84 88anette.rey@atos.netDisclaimersThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitor's behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Atos’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Atos’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 21  2023 under the registration number D.23-0321. Atos does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law. This document does not contain or constitute an offer of Atos’s shares for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in Atos’s shares in France  the United States of America or any other jurisdiction.This document includes information on specific transactions that shall be considered as projects only. In particular  any decision relating to the information or projects mentioned in this document and their terms and conditions will only be made after the ongoing in-depth analysis considering tax  legal  operational  finance  HR and all other relevant aspects have been completed and will be subject to general market conditions and other customary conditions  including governance bodies and shareholders’ approval as well as appropriate processes with the relevant employee representative bodies in accordance with applicable laws.1 Free cash flow before interest and taxAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Tech Foundations', 'Mid-Term Ambitions', 'Plan', 'Recover', 'Rebound', '300 million higher cumulative cash flow', 'sustainable value creation Tech Foundations', 'intelligent customer care services', 'larger total addressable market', 'comprehensive margin expansion plan', '0-2% core revenue growth', 'higher growth segments', 'key customer priorities', 'next four years', 'larger addressable market', 'technical professional services', 'ongoing managed decline', '1.2 billion gross benefits', 'Atos Capital Markets', 'customized services market', 'digital business platforms', 'four core businesses', 'Strong execution positioning', 'proven transformation plan', 'Atos Group CEO', 'end employee experience', 'new business areas', 'Tech Foundations’ portfolio', 'hybrid cloud infrastructure', 'expanded technology advisory', 'comprehensive plan', 'Atos business', 'managed services', 'technology services', 'market strategy', 'market trends', 'operating margin', 'new services', 'non-core business', 'core activities', 'core offerings', 'Digital workplace', 'digital collaboration', 'original plan', 'strong delivery', 'faster transformation', 'growing markets', 'core portfolio', 'sovereign cloud', 'cloud continuum', 'English French', 'industry-leading offerings', 'industry standard', 'Nourdine Bihmane', 'past 12 months', 'short amount', 'positive feedback', 'additional insight', 'innovative actor', 'new opportunities', 'fast move', 'artificial intelligence', 'last year', 'business-critical operations', 'productivity tools', 'data analytics', 'major events', 'software resale', 'multi-cloud infrastructure', '4.5 billion revenue', 'Mid-Term Ambitions', 'hybrid configurations', 'Analyst Day', 'expanded solutions', 'high-growth solutions', 'strategic redirection', 'green IT', 'accelerated path', 'new offering', '2026 ambitions', 'Recover', 'Rebound', 'Upgrades', 'focus', 'outlook', 'Upgrading', 'Paris', 'clear', 'charge', 'teams', 'success', 'time', 'expected', 'results', 'stakeholders', 'today', 'leader', 'pillar', 'tomorrow', 'achievements', 'date', 'beginning', 'confidence', 'workforce', 'Covid', 'importance', 'June', 'annum', 'edge', 'public', 'between', 'automation', 'IoT', 'parallel', 'exposure', 'BPO', 'hardware', 'costs', '€']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-applauded-by-frost--sullivan-for-delivering-optimal-customer-care-and-drastically-decreasing-costs-for-clients-and-for-leadership-position-301843188.html,Teleperformance Applauded by Frost & Sullivan for Delivering Optimal Customer Care and Drastically Decreasing Costs for Clients  and for Leadership Position,Teleperformance stands out in the German CX outsourcing services market for its solid near/offshore capabilities in multilingual hubs in Croatia  Kosovo  North Macedonia  Bosnia  and Herzegovina. SAN ANTONIO  June 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Frost & Sullivan rece…,"Teleperformance stands out in the German CX outsourcing services market for its solid near/offshore capabilities in multilingual hubs in Croatia  Kosovo  North Macedonia  Bosnia  and Herzegovina.SAN ANTONIO  June 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Frost & Sullivan recently researched the German customer experience (CX) outsourcing services industry and  based on its findings  recognizes Teleperformance with the 2023 German Company of the Year Award. The company leads the European CX outsourcing market and supports ongoing innovation and sustained leadership  to remain an industry pioneer in omnichannel customer care and a trusted partner. Teleperformance creates valuable solutions for its clients  blending human touch  diversity and inclusion with innovative digital business services to upgrade customer care with the philosophy that ""each interaction matters."" The company's vision connects deep-seated domain and operational knowledge with advanced products and capabilities to help its experts deliver for clients enhanced CX  and cost and time reductions while increasing efficiency.Teleperformance has gained significant expertise in four influential industry verticals  including banking and financial services  insurance  healthcare  retail and eCommerce  with established verticalized solutions and a strong focus on solution adaptability. With a legacy of market leadership in many European countries  the company offers a compelling value proposition that underpins its sustained success. Teleperformance has developed robust digital and non-voice offerings to expand its product portfolio with emerging tools  such as artificial intelligence (AI)  thus offering real-time monitoring  analytics reporting  content moderation  and fraud detection and prevention.According to Valentina Barcia  Best Practices Research Analyst at Frost & Sullivan  ""Teleperformance has held high growth rates in the past and has a solid growth pipeline for the future. For instance  Teleperformance considerably grew in the German CX outsourcing market  positioning itself as a top competitor  with 4.1% of the market share in 2021.""Teleperformance has partnered with many strategic technology providers to orchestrate the best and most tailored solutions for each client. The company regularly enhances its solutions and offers subject matter expertise to ensure optimal performance and to enrich its product portfolio. Since its inception  Teleperformance has maintained a sterling reputation and customer-centric framework  providing it with a competitive edge in the customer care arena  leading to its coveted preferred partner status. An impressive growth momentum and trajectory are a testament to Teleperformance's product leadership  earning client trust and loyalty and enabling the company to capture market share.""Teleperformance offers a bespoke journey and a comprehensive product portfolio  excelling in the German CX outsourcing services market with innovative capabilities to improve agents' productivity. Its strong operational performance and multilingual hubs increase operational efficiency and optimize budgets. It remains a trusted partner  earning a reputation for offering the best in the CX space "" added Sebastian Menutti  Industry Principal at Frost & Sullivan. With its strong overall performance  Teleperformance earns the 2023 Frost & Sullivan German Company of the Year Award in the CX outsourcing services industry.Each year  Frost & Sullivan presents a Company of the Year award to the organization that demonstrates excellence in terms of growth strategy and implementation in its field. The award recognizes a high degree of innovation with products and technologies and the resulting leadership in terms of customer value and market penetration.Frost & Sullivan Best Practices Awards recognize companies in various regional and global markets for demonstrating outstanding achievement and superior performance in leadership  technological innovation  customer service  and strategic product development. Industry analysts compare market participants and measure performance through in-depth interviews  analyses  and extensive secondary research to identify best practices in the industry.About Frost & SullivanFor six decades  Frost & Sullivan has been world-renowned for its role in helping investors  corporate leaders  and governments navigate economic changes and identify disruptive technologies  Mega Trends  new business models  and companies to action  resulting in a continuous flow of growth opportunities to drive future success. Contact us: Start the discussion.Contact:Tammy Chan[email protected]About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group's global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million. Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.SOURCE Frost & Sullivan",neutral,0.34,0.66,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Optimal Customer Care', 'Leadership Position', 'Teleperformance', 'Frost', 'Sullivan', 'Costs', 'Clients', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'German CX outsourcing services market', 'German CX outsourcing market', 'European CX outsourcing market', 'four influential industry verticals', 'CX outsourcing services industry', 'many strategic technology providers', 'Best Practices Research Analyst', 'innovative digital business services', 'many European countries', 'extensive secondary research', 'German customer experience', 'comprehensive product portfolio', 'new business models', 'strategic product development', 'solid growth pipeline', 'impressive growth momentum', '2023 Frost & Sullivan German Company', 'compelling value proposition', 'subject matter expertise', 'Best Practices Awards', 'omnichannel customer care', 'customer care arena', 'front-office customer care', 'preferred partner status', 'high growth rates', 'solid near/offshore capabilities', 'enhanced customer care', 'strong overall performance', 'strong operational performance', 'enhanced CX', 'customer service', 'CX space', 'financial services', '2023 German Company', 'customer value', 'market share', 'market penetration', 'market participants', 'robust digital', 'innovative capabilities', 'advanced technology', 'market leadership', 'strong focus', 'growth strategy', 'growth opportunities', 'significant expertise', 'high degree', 'industry pioneer', 'Industry Principal', 'Industry analysts', 'trusted partner', 'operational knowledge', 'optimal performance', 'product leadership', 'superior performance', 'multilingual hubs', 'North Macedonia', 'SAN ANTONIO', 'human touch', 'deep-seated domain', 'time reductions', 'solution adaptability', 'sustained success', 'non-voice offerings', 'emerging tools', 'artificial intelligence', 'real-time monitoring', 'analytics reporting', 'content moderation', 'fraud detection', 'Valentina Barcia', 'top competitor', 'customer-centric framework', 'competitive edge', 'bespoke journey', ""agents' productivity"", 'Sebastian Menutti', 'various regional', 'global markets', 'outstanding achievement', 'depth interviews', 'six decades', 'corporate leaders', 'economic changes', 'Mega Trends', 'continuous flow', 'Tammy Chan', 'global leader', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'The Group', 'back-office funct', 'operational efficiency', 'sustained leadership', 'resulting leadership', 'Year Award', 'valuable solutions', 'verticalized solutions', 'tailored solutions', 'ongoing innovation', 'technological innovation', 'advanced products', 'sterling reputation', 'client trust', 'disruptive technologies', 'future success', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance Group', 'Croatia', 'Kosovo', 'Bosnia', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'findings', 'clients', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'philosophy', 'interaction', 'vision', 'experts', 'cost', 'banking', 'insurance', 'healthcare', 'retail', 'eCommerce', 'legacy', 'prevention', 'past', 'instance', 'inception', 'trajectory', 'testament', 'loyalty', 'budgets', 'organization', 'excellence', 'terms', 'implementation', 'field', 'companies', 'analyses', 'role', 'investors', 'governments', 'discussion', 'Contact', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,prnewswire.com
25898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nordic-nanovector--notice-of-annual-general-meeting-on-28-june-2023-301844958.html,Nordic Nanovector - Notice of Annual General Meeting on 28 June 2023,OSLO  Norway  June 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given that the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Nanovector ASA will be held on 28 June 2023  at 14:00 hours CEST at Advokatfirmaet CLP  Sommerrogata 13-15  0255 Oslo. The full notice is attached. The notice…,OSLO  Norway  June 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given that the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Nanovector ASA will be held on 28 June 2023  at 14:00 hours CEST at Advokatfirmaet CLP  Sommerrogata 13-15  0255 Oslo. The full notice is attached. The notice and the documents to which it refers are also available on www.nordicnanovector.com.Shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting  in person or by proxy  must complete and return the attendance form or power of attorney form attached to the notice to Nordea Bank Abp  Issuer Service  Postboks 1166 Sentrum  N-0107 Oslo  or by e-mail to [email protected] no later than 26 June 2023  16:00 CEST. Attendance or proxies may also be registered electronically through Euronext Securities Oslo (formerly VPS) Investor Services.For further information  please contact:IR enquiriesLudvik Sandnes  Interim CEO & CFOCell: +47 907 43 017Email: [email protected]About Nordic Nanovector:Nordic Nanovector is committed to develop and deliver innovative therapies to patients to address major unmet medical needs and advance cancer care. Further information can be found at www.nordicnanovector.com.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/9819/3782588/2111694.pdf PRESS RELEASE (PDF) https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3782588/ac3eac639f58a5d8.pdf Notice of AGM in Nordic Nanovector 2023 https://mb.cision.com/Public/9819/3782588/80bb49dbc3d85a80.pdf Innkalling til Ordinær Generalforsamling 2023SOURCE Nordic Nanovector,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Nordic Nanovector', 'Notice', '28 June', 'major unmet medical needs', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'Ordinær Generalforsamling', 'SOURCE Nordic Nanovector', 'Nordic Nanovector ASA', 'Advokatfirmaet CLP', 'Issuer Service', 'Euronext Securities', 'Investor Services', 'IR enquiries', 'Ludvik Sandnes', 'Interim CEO', 'CFO Cell', 'innovative therapies', 'cancer care', 'following files', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'attorney form', 'Further information', 'full notice', 'OSLO', 'Norway', 'June', '14:00 hours', 'Sommerrogata', 'documents', 'www', 'Shareholders', 'person', 'proxy', 'attendance', 'power', 'Postboks', '1166 Sentrum', 'mail', 'proxies', 'VPS', 'patients', 'nordicnanovector', 'download', 'cision', 'AGM', '16:00']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,prnewswire.com
25899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALTAREA-5310/news/Altarea-GSM-2023-06-08-Agenda-and-Draft-resolutions-44063461/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,Altarea : GSM 2023 06 08 - Agenda and Draft resolutions,(marketscreener.com)   Free translation from the french official version   ALTAREA   Partnership limited by shares with share capital of €311 349 463.42   Registered office: 87  rue de Richelieu - 75002 PARIS   335.480.877 RCS PARIS   LEI...h…,"Altarea : GSM 2023 06 08 - Agenda and Draft resolutions 06/07/2023 | 12:18pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Free translation from the french official version ALTAREA Partnership limited by shares with share capital of €311 349 463.42 Registered office: 87  rue de Richelieu - 75002 PARIS 335.480.877 RCS PARIS LEI n°969500ICGCY1PD6OT783 Regulated market: Euronext Paris Compartment A - ISIN FR0000033219 COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 8 JUNE 2023 AGENDA AND DRAFT RESOLUTIONS AGENDA - O RDINARY BUSINESS Review and approval of parent company accounts for the financial year ending 31 December 2022; Review and approval of the consolidated accounts for the financial year ending 31 December 2022; Appropriation of profit; Option offered to shareholders to receive payment of the dividend in cash or in shares to be created by the Company; Approval of the information referred to in Article L. 22-10-77 I of the French Commercial Code concerning compensation of corporate officers in 2022; Approval of items of compensation paid or allocated in respect of the financial year ending 31 December 2022 to the Board of Managers; Approval of items of compensation paid or allocated in respect of the financial year ending 31 December 2022 to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board; Approval of the 2023 compensation policy applicable to corporate officers; Opinion on the Company's Climate Strategy; Review and approval of the agreements and commitments referred to in Article L. 226-10 of the French Commercial Code and authorised by the Supervisory Board; Authorisation to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of eighteen months  to trade in the Company's own shares; - E XTRAORDINARY BUSINESS Authorisation to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months (26)  to cancel shares held by the Company following the purchase of its own shares; Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months  for the purpose of deciding upon the issue  with preferential subscription rights maintained  of ordinary shares and/or equity securities convertible into other equity securities or conferring a right to the allocation of debt securities and/or negotiable securities convertible into equity securities to be issued by the Company or an affiliated company; Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months  for the purpose of deciding upon the issue of ordinary shares and/or equity securities convertible into other equity securities or conferring a right to the allocation of debt securities and/or negotiable securities convertible into equity securities of the Company or an affiliated company without preferential subscription rights for shareholders  as part of a public offer other than that referred to in Article L. 411-2 1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months  for the purpose of deciding upon the issue of ordinary shares and/or equity securities convertible into other equity securities or conferring a right to the allocation of debt securities and/or negotiable securities convertible into equity securities to be issued of the Company or an affiliated company without preferential subscription rights for shareholders  as part of a public offer as referred to in Article L. 411-2 1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; Authorisation to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months  in the event of the issue of shares and/or negotiable securities convertible into shares of the Company without preferential subscription rights for shareholders  to fix the issue price in the manner determined by the General Meeting subject to a maximum of 10% of the Company's capital per year; Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months  to increase the number of shares to be issued in the event of a capital increase  with or without preferential subscription rights; Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months  for the purpose of issuing shares in the Company and/or negotiable securities convertible into shares in the Company to pay for contributions in kind of equity securities or negotiable securities convertible into shares  up to a maximum of 10% of the share capital; Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of eighteen months  for the purpose of issuing ordinary shares and/or equity securities convertible into other equity securities or conferring a right to the allocation of debt securities and/or negotiable securities convertible into equity securities to be issued by the Company or an affiliated company  with preferential subscription rights waived in favour of a class of persons within the meaning of Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code: (i) minority shareholders of subsidiaries or sub- subsidiaries of the Company subscribing by way of reinvestment to the disposal of an interest in the group  (ii) persons reinvesting the price of a portfolio or real estate assets or investments in a company involved in real estate investment  real estate asset management or distribution  or holding  directly or indirectly  equity investments in one or more companies involved in these activities  as well as activities relating to new or renewable energies  or activities relating to data centres  and (iii) holders of negotiable securities issued by a subsidiary or sub-subsidiary of Altarea in accordance with the conditions of Article L. 228-93 of the French Commercial Code); Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months  for the purpose of issuing ordinary shares of the Company and/or equity securities without preferential subscription rights convertible into other equity securities or conferring a right to the allocation of debt securities  intended to pay for securities tendered as part of public exchange offers initiated by the Company; Fixing of general upper limits for capital increases and issuing of debt securities under delegations of competence and powers; Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months  to increase the share capital by capitalisation of reserves  profits or share premiums  up to a maximum amount of ninety-five million euros; Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of twenty-six months  for the purpose of issuing shares and/or equity securities convertible into other equity securities or conferring a right to the allocation of debt securities and/or negotiable securities convertible into shares of the Company up to a maximum of ten million euros  with shareholders' preferential subscription rights waived in favour of the members of the Group's Company SavingsPlan(s); Authorisation to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of thirty-eight months  to award a maximum of seven hundred fifty thousand free shares  either existing or to be issued  without preferential subscription rights  to employees and/or senior executive officers of the Company or of affiliated companies; 2 Authorisation to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of thirty-eight months  to grant stock purchase and/or subscription options in favour of employees and/or executive officers of the Company or of affiliated companies; Delegation of competence to be given to the Board of Managers  for a period of eighteen months  to issue share warrants (BSAs)  warrants to subscribe and/or acquire new and/or existing shares (BSAANEs) and/or warrants to subscribe and/or acquire new and/or existing redeemable shares (BSAARs)  with preferential subscription rights waived in favour of managers  corporate officers and executives employed by the Company and its subsidiaries; Powers to carry out formalities. ooOoo DRAFT RESOLUTIONS - O RDINARY BUSINESS First Resolution (Review and approval of parent company accounts for the financial year ending 31 December 2022) The General Meeting  acting under the conditions as to quorum and majority required for Ordinary General Meetings  having considered the management report of the Board of Managers  the report of the Supervisory Board and the reports of the Auditors on the accounts for the financial year ending 31 December 2022  approves the parent company accounts as presented  showing a reported net profit of €205 119 058.41. It also approves the operations reflected in those accounts or summarised in those reports. It notes that the financial statements for the last financial year do not include any sum corresponding to non-tax-deductible expenses covered by Article 39-4 of the French General Tax Code. Second Resolution (Review and approval of the consolidated accounts for the financial year ending 31 December 2022) The General Meeting  acting under the conditions as to quorum and majority required for Ordinary General Meetings  having considered the report of the Board of Managers  the report of the Supervisory Board and the reports of the Auditors on the accounts for the financial year ending 31 December 2022  approves the consolidated accounts as presented  showing a group share of net profit of €326 803 377. It also approves the operations reflected in those accounts or summarised in those reports. Third Resolution (Appropriation of profit) The General Meeting  acting under the conditions as to quorum and majority required for Ordinary General Meetings  having considered the management report of the Board of Managers and the report of the Supervisory Board  formally notes that the result for the financial year ending 31 December 2022 is a net profit of €205 119 058.41. The Ordinary General Meeting  in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 232-10 of the French Commercial Code  resolves to add to the legal reserve the sum of €2 433 011.88 taken from profit for the financial year  increasing the legal reserve to 10% of share capital. 3 The Ordinary General Meeting  after formally noting that the distributable profit  in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 232-11 of the French Commercial Code  amounts to €202 686 046.53;11 of the French Commercial Code  amounts to €202 686 046.53; resolves to distribute a dividend of €10 (ten euros) per share  namely an aggregate amount of €203 758 040.00  plus a bonus dividend equal to 1.5% of this amount  namely €3 056 370.60  to which the General Partner is entitled in accordance with the provisions of Article 29 paragraph 6 of the Articles of Association  namely a total dividend of €206 814 410.60 charged to:the distributable profit for the financial year in the amount of ……..€202 686 046.53; the ""Issue premium"" account in the amount of ……………………..€4 128 364.07.The above amounts are calculated on the basis of the number of shares amounting to 20 375 804 shares and will be adjusted based on the number of shares entitled to the dividend on the ex-dividend date. The meeting mandates the Board of Managers as necessary to make this adjustment. The Ordinary General Meeting resolves that the amount corresponding to treasury shares on the dividend payment date not entitled to dividends in accordance with Article L. 225-210 of the French Commercial Code  together with any amount which shareholders may decide to waive  will be allocated to the ""Issue  mergers and contributions premium"" account. If the number of shares conferring entitlement to dividends changes  the overall amount will be adjusted accordingly and charged to the ""Issue  merger  contribution premium"" accounts. The payment will be made in cash and  subject to the Fourth Resolution being adopted by the General Meeting  shareholders will benefit from an option of receiving payment of the dividend in shares. In view of the time frames required for exercising this option  the dividend will be paid on 4 July 2023. The General Meeting duly notes that the Company has elected for the tax treatment as provided by Article 208 C of the French General Tax Code and that part of its income is therefore not taxable. The dividend only carries entitlement to the 40% allowance provided for by Article 158-3 2 of the French General Tax Code for natural persons who are tax residents in France and in accordance with current legislation if an annual  express  overall and irrevocable option is provided for the sliding scale of income tax pursuant to the provisions of Article 200 A 2 of the French General Tax Code  and only for the portion of the dividend taken  if applicable  from non-exempt income (subject to corporation tax). In accordance with Article 158-3 3b of the French General Tax Code  this allowance does not apply to income exempt from tax under the SIIC regime pursuant to Article 208 C of the French General Tax Code. The amount deducted from the ""Issue premium"" account will be regarded as a repayment of paid-in capital pursuant to the provisions of Article 112 1 of the French General Tax Code. The General Meeting notes that the dividends distributed to Partners in respect of the last three financial years were as follows: Number of shares Dividend Dividend entitled to Payment date entitled distributed the allowance* 2019 16 568 565 €9.00 €0.79 24/07/2020 2020 17 220 977 €9.50 €2.58 26/07/2021 2021 20 194 052 €9.75 €1.98 31/05/2022 These dividends carried entitlement to the 40% allowance applicable to natural persons who are tax residents in France with effect from 1 January 2006. The General Meeting confers all necessary powers on the Board of Managers for the purpose of: adjusting the total amount of the dividend and the amount to be charged to ""Issue premiums"" according to the number of shares entitled to the dividend on the ex-dividend date; 4 noting as a result the dividend breakdown for tax purposes on the ex-dividend date. Fourth Resolution (Option offered to shareholders to receive payment of the dividend in cash or in shares to be created by the Company) The General Meeting  acting under the conditions as to quorum and majority required for Ordinary General Meetings  having considered the report of the Board of Managers  noting that the Company's share capital is fully paid up  resolves to offer each shareholders  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 232-18 et seq. of the French Commercial Code and Article 29 of the Articles of Association  the option of receiving payment of fifty percent (50%) of the dividend of €10 per share as set out in the previous resolution in the form of new shares in the Company. This means that the first 50% of the dividend  or €5 (five euros) will have to be paid in cash on 4 July 2023. For the second 50% of the dividend  or €5 (five euros)  each shareholder will be able to choose: either payment of the entire second half of the dividend in cash; or payment of the entire second half of the dividend in shares pursuant to this resolution; it being specified that this option for the second half of the dividend will apply to all shares held by the shareholder. The new shares resulting from the exercising of this option  relating to the second half of the dividend  will be issued at a price equal to 90% of the average listed share price during the 20 trading days preceding the date of the general meeting  minus the amount of the dividend per share covered by the Third Resolution and rounded up to the next eurocent. These shares will carry dividend rights. As regards the second half of the dividend of €5 per share  shareholders will be able to opt for payment of the dividend in cash or in new shares between 14 and 23 June 2023 inclusive  sending their request to the financial intermediaries authorised to pay the dividend. After this date  the second half of the dividend will be paid only in cash. For shareholders who do not opt for payment in shares  the payment of €5 in respect of the second half of the dividend benefiting from the option will be automatically paid in cash on 4 July 2023. In the option for the second half of the dividend is exercised  and if the amount of the dividends does not correspond to a whole number of shares  shareholders will be able to: obtain the next highest whole number of shares by paying the difference in cash on the date they exercise their option; orreceive the next lowest whole number of shares plus a balancing payment in cash. Full powers are given to the Board of Managers  which may be subdelegated in accordance with the conditions provided for by law  for the purpose of ensuring payment of the dividend in new shares  specifying the terms of application and execution thereof  noting the number of shares issued pursuant to this resolution  making any necessary changes to the Articles of Association relating to share capital and the number of shares making up the share capital  and more generally taking any useful or necessary action. 5 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Altaréa SCA published this content on 07 June 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 07 June 2023 16:17:16 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about ALTAREA 09:16a Altarea : Combined General Meeting 8 June 2023 Report and Results of the votes on resoluti.. PU 08:08a Altarea : GSM 2023 – Minute and voting results PU 06/07 Altarea : GSM 2023 06 08 - Agenda and Draft resolutions PU 06/02 Altarea  Tikehau Capital Establish EUR1 Billion European Real Estate Credit Fund MT 06/01 Altarea and Tikehau Capital Joinforces to Launch A European Real Estate Credit Platform CI 04/27 ALTAREA : 1st quarter turnover CO 04/25 France's Primonial explores piecemeal sale of distribution  property units -sources RE 04/19 ALTAREA : Universal registration document CO 03/24 Altarea : Integrated strategic report 2022 PU 02/28 Global markets live: Adecco  Bayer  Chevron  Target  Tesla... Analyst Recommendations on ALTAREA 2018 Altarea Cogedim : After assigning to Altarea Cogedim Group a ‘BBB' rating  S&P also .. PU 2018 Altarea Cogedim : S&P Global assigns Altarea Cogedim Group a ‘BBB' investment grade .. PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Draft resolutions', 'Altarea', 'GSM', 'Agenda', 'ISIN FR0000033219 COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Euronext Paris Compartment A', 'O RDINARY BUSINESS Review', 'E XTRAORDINARY BUSINESS Authorisation', 'multiple email addresses', 'rue de Richelieu', 'preferential subscription rights', 'french official version', 'RCS PARIS LEI', 'French Commercial Code', 'other equity securities', 'parent company accounts', 'DRAFT RESOLUTIONS AGENDA', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'consolidated accounts', 'negotiable securities', 'Free translation', 'Article L.', 'corporate officers', 'Climate Strategy', 'eighteen months', 'twenty-six months', 'public offer', 'debt securities', 'financial year', 'share capital', 'capital increase', 'First name', 'ALTAREA Partnership', 'ordinary shares', '2023 compensation policy', 'issue price', 'minority shareholders', 'Supervisory Board', 'affiliated company', '75002 PARIS', 'GSM', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'market', '8 JUNE', 'approval', '31 December', 'Appropriation', 'profit', 'Option', 'payment', 'cash', 'information', 'items', 'respect', 'Managers', 'Chairman', 'Opinion', 'agreements', 'commitments', 'period', 'purchase', 'Delegation', 'competence', 'purpose', 'allocation', 'event', 'manner', 'maximum', 'number', 'contributions', 'kind', 'favour', 'class', 'persons', 'meaning', 'subsidiaries', '26']",2023-06-08,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UCB-5963/news/UCB-Receives-New-European-Commission-Approvals-for-BIMZELX-9660-bimekizumab-for-the-Treatment-o-44055210/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,UCB : Receives New European Commission Approvals for BIMZELX▼(bimekizumab) for the Treatment of Psoriatic Arthritis and Axial Spondyloarthritis,(marketscreener.com)  UCB Receives New European Commission Approvals for BIMZELX[®]▼ for the Treatment of Psoriatic Arthritis and Axial Spondyloarthritis     Bimekizumab is the first and only IL-17A and IL-17F inhibitor approved in the European Union fo…,"Brussels (Belgium)  7th June 2023 - 07:00 (CEST) - UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced that the European Commission (EC) has granted marketing authorisation for BIMZELX® (bimekizumab) for the treatment of adults with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and adults with active axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA) including non-radiographic axSpA (nr-axSpA) and ankylosing spondylitis (AS)  also known as radiographic axSpA. These approvals in the European Union (EU) represent the first marketing authorizations for bimekizumab in PsA and axSpA worldwide  and the second and third indications for bimekizumab in the EU  following its approval for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in August 2021.1""The European Commission's parallel approval of bimekizumab in PsA and axSpA builds on the momentum created since its first approval in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and marks an exciting milestone offering healthcare professionals and patients the first IL-17A and IL-17F inhibitor for treatment of these diseases "" said Emmanuel Caeymaex  Executive Vice President  Immunology Solutions and Head of U.S.  UCB. ""The extended approval for bimekizumab in the European Union reflects our commitment to address unmet patient needs  improve patient outcomes and raise standards of care.""In PsA  bimekizumab is approved alone or in combination with methotrexate for the treatment of adults who have had an inadequate response or who have been intolerant to one or more disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs).1 In axSpA  bimekizumab is approved for the treatment of adults with active nr-axSpA with objective signs of inflammation as indicated by elevated C-reactive protein and/or magnetic resonance imaging who have responded inadequately or are intolerant to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs  and for the treatment of adults with active AS who have responded inadequately or are intolerant to conventional therapy.1Bimekizumab in PsA: Highlights from BE OPTIMAL and BE COMPLETEThe EC approval in PsA is based on results from the Phase 3 BE OPTIMAL and BE COMPLETE studies.1 2 3 In the two studies  bimekizumab met the primary endpoint of ACR50 response at Week 16 vs. placebo  and all ranked secondary endpoints.1 2 3 Consistent results were seen across both biologic-naïve and TNF-inhibitor inadequate responder (TNFi-IR) populations.1 2 3 Clinical responses achieved at Week 16 were sustained up to Week 52 in BE OPTIMAL as assessed by ACR50  PASI90  PASI100 and Minimal Disease Activity (MDA).1Joint Symptoms  ACR50 : In bDMARD-naive and TNFi-IR patients  44 percent (n=189/431) and 43 percent (n=116/267) receiving bimekizumab achieved the primary endpoint of ACR50 response at Week 16  respectively  vs. 10 percent (n=28/281) and 7 percent (n=9/133) receiving placebo (p<0.0001). 2 3MDA: In bDMARD-naive and TNFi-IR populations  45 percent (n=194/431) and 44 percent (n=118/267) of patients receiving bimekizumab achieved the ranked secondary endpoint MDA at Week 16  respectively  vs. 13 percent (n=37/281) and 6 percent (n=8/133) receiving placebo (p<0.0001). 2 3Skin Symptoms  PASI100: In bDMARD-naive and TNFi-IR populations  47 percent (n=103/176) and 59 percent (n=103/176) of patients with baseline psoriasis affecting ≥3 percent body surface area receiving bimekizumab achieved complete skin clearance (PASI100; exploratory endpoint) at Week 16  respectively  vs. 2 percent (n=3/140) and 5 percent (n=4/88) receiving placebo.2 3""The approval of bimekizumab in psoriatic arthritis provides rheumatologists and dermatologists in the European Union with a new treatment option. Data from the Phase 3 clinical studies demonstrated the consistently high thresholds of disease control achieved with bimekizumab vs. placebo in patients with psoriatic arthritis who were biologic naïve or TNF inhibitor-inadequate responders "" said Professor Iain McInnes  University of Glasgow  College of Medical  Veterinary and Life Sciences  Glasgow  Scotland.In BE OPTIMAL  the most frequent treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs; 3 percent or more) for patients on bimekizumab up to Week 16 were nasopharyngitis  upper respiratory tract infection  headache  diarrhoea  oral candidiasis  pharyngitis and hypertension.2 In BE COMPLETE  the most frequent TEAEs (2 percent or more) for patients on bimekizumab up to Week 16 were nasopharyngitis  oral candidiasis and upper respiratory tract infection.3Bimekizumab in axSpA: Highlights from BE MOBILE 1 and BE MOBILE 2The EC approval in axSpA is based on results from the Phase 3 BE MOBILE 1 and BE MOBILE 2 studies.1 4 In the two studies  bimekizumab met the primary endpoint of Assessment of SpondyloArthritis international Society (ASAS) 40 response at Week 16 vs. placebo  and all ranked secondary endpoints.4 ASAS40 responses were consistent across TNFi-naïve and TNFi-inadequate responder patients.4 Clinical responses achieved at Week 16 were sustained in both nr-axSpA and AS patient populations up to Week 52 as assessed by ASAS40 and other endpoints.1 5ASAS40 : In nr-axSpA and AS populations  47.7 percent (n=61/128) and 44.8 percent (n=99/221) respectively of patients receiving bimekizumab achieved the primary endpoint of ASAS40 response at Week 16  vs. 21.4 percent (n=27/126) and 22.5 percent (n=25/111) receiving placebo (p<0.001). 4Low Disease Activity : Low disease activity (ASDAS<2.1 combining ASDAS-Inactive Disease and ASDAS-Low Disease  an exploratory endpoint) was achieved at Week 16 by 46.2 percent of nr-axSpA patients and 44.9 percent of AS patients vs. 20.6 percent and 17.5 percent in the placebo group. 4 In the two studies  approximately 6 out of 10 patients treated with bimekizumab achieved ASDAS<2.1 at Week 52. 1Inflammation: Sustained reduction of objective inflammatory signs in both sacroiliac joints and the spine was observed in nr-axSpA and AS patients treated with bimekizumab vs. placebo as assessed by magnetic resonance imaging at Week 16 and Week 52  an exploratory endpoint.4 5In addition  in pooled data from BE MOBILE 1 and BE MOBILE 2  at Week 16  the proportion of patients developing a uveitis event was lower with bimekizumab (0.6 per cent) compared to placebo (4.6 percent). The incidence of uveitis remained low with long-term treatment with bimekizumab (1.2/100 patient-years in the pooled Phase 2/3 studies).1""Today's approval of a new treatment option for axial spondyloarthritis is welcome news to the European rheumatology community. In phase 3 clinical studies a greater proportion of patients treated with bimekizumab  compared with placebo  achieved high treatment targets with significant improvement in signs  symptoms and measures of disease activity across the full spectrum of disease  including non-radiographic and radiographic populations "" said Professor Désirée van der Heijde  Professor of Rheumatology  Leiden University Medical Center  Leiden  the Netherlands.The most frequently reported TEAEs (3 percent or more in any bimekizumab group in either trial) up to Week 16 were nasopharyngitis  upper respiratory tract infection  pharyngitis  diarrhoea  headache and oral candidiasis.4Notes to editors:About BE OPTIMAL and BE COMPLETEThe safety and efficacy of bimekizumab (160 mg every four weeks) were evaluated in adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in two multicentre  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled studies (BE OPTIMAL and BE COMPLETE).1 2 3 The BE OPTIMAL study evaluated 852 patients not previously exposed to any biologic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug (bDMARD-naïve) for the treatment of psoriasis or psoriatic arthritis.2 The BE COMPLETE study evaluated 400 patients with an inadequate response or intolerance to treatment with one or two tumour necrosis factor alpha inhibitors (TNFi-IR) for either psoriatic arthritis or psoriasis.3 Detailed findings from the BE OPTIMAL and BE COMPLETE studies are published in The Lancet.2 3About BE MOBILE 1 and BE MOBILE 2The efficacy and safety of bimekizumab (160 mg every four weeks) were evaluated in 586 adult patients with active axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA) in two multicenter  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled studies  one in non-radiographic axSpA (nr-axSpA; BE MOBILE 1) and one in ankylosing spondylitis (AS; BE MOBILE 2)  also known as radiographic axSpA.1 4 The BE MOBILE 1 and BE MOBILE 2 studies evaluated 254 and 332 patients  respectively.4 Detailed findings from the BE MOBILE 1 and BE MOBILE 2 studies are published in the Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases.4About bimekizumabBimekizumab is a humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that is designed to selectively inhibit both interleukin 17A (IL-17A) and interleukin 17F (IL-17F)  two key cytokines driving inflammatory processes.1 6 The therapeutic indications in the European Union are:Plaque psoriasis : Bimekizumab is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults who are candidates for systemic therapy. 1Psoriatic arthritis : Bimekizumab is indicated alone or in combination with methotrexate  for the treatment of active psoriatic arthritis in adults who have had an inadequate response or who have been intolerant to one or more disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs). 1Axial Spondyloarthritis: Bimekizumab is indicated for the treatment of adults with active non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis with objective signs of inflammation as indicated by elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) and/or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) who have responded inadequately or are intolerant to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and for the treatment of adults with active ankylosing spondylitis who have responded inadequately or are intolerant to conventional therapy.1BIMZELX®▼(bimekizumab) EU/EEA* Important Safety Information1The most frequently reported adverse reactions with bimekizumab were upper respiratory tract infections (14.5%  14.6%  16.3% in plaque psoriasis (PSO)  psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA)  respectively) and oral candidiasis (7.3%  2.3%  3.7% in PSO  PsA and axSpA  respectively). Common adverse reactions (≥1/100 to <1/10) were oral candidiasis  tinea infections  ear infections  herpes simplex infections  oropharyngeal candidiasis  gastroenteritis  folliculitis  headache  rash  dermatitis and eczema  acne  injection site reactions  fatigue. Elderly may be more likely to experience certain adverse reactions such as oral candidiasis  dermatitis and eczema when using bimekizumab.Bimekizumab is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to the active substance or any of the excipients and in patients with clinically important active infections (e.g. active tuberculosis).Bimekizumab may increase the risk of infections. Treatment with bimekizumab must not be initiated in patients with any clinically important active infection. Patients treated with bimekizumab should be instructed to seek medical advice if signs or symptoms suggestive of an infection occur. If a patient develops an infection the patient should be carefully monitored. If the infection becomes serious or is not responding to standard therapy  treatment should be discontinued until the infection resolves. Prior to initiating treatment with bimekizumab  patients should be evaluated for tuberculosis (TB) infection. Bimekizumab should not be given in patients with active TB. Patients receiving bimekizumab should be monitored for signs and symptoms of active TB.Cases of new or exacerbations of inflammatory bowel disease have been reported with bimekizumab. Bimekizumab is not recommended in patients with inflammatory bowel disease. If a patient develops signs and symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease or experiences an exacerbation of pre-existing inflammatory bowel disease  bimekizumab should be discontinued and appropriate medical management should be initiated.Serious hypersensitivity reactions including anaphylactic reactions have been observed with IL-17 inhibitors. If a serious hypersensitivity reaction occurs  administration of bimekizumab should be discontinued immediately and appropriate therapy initiated.Live vaccines should not be given in patients treated with bimekizumab.Please consult the summary of product characteristics in relation to other side effects  full safety and prescribing information.European SmPC date of revision: June 2023.https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/product-information/bimzelx-epar-product- information_en.pdf*EU/EEA means European Union/European Economic Area▼ This medicinal product is subject to additional monitoring. This will allow quick identification of new safety information. Healthcare professionals are asked to report any suspected adverse reactions.For further information  contact UCB:Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14email antje.witte@ucb.comCorporate CommunicationsLaurent SchotsT +32.2.559.92.64email laurent.schots@ucb.comBrand CommunicationsEimear O'BrienT +32.2.559.92.71email eimear.obrien@ucb.comAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 700 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of €5.5 billion in 2022 UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCB_news.Forward looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products  which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.References",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['New European Commission Approvals', 'Psoriatic Arthritis', 'Axial Spondyloarthritis', 'UCB', 'BIMZELX▼', 'bimekizumab', 'Treatment', 'upper respiratory tract infection', 'frequent treatment-emergent adverse events', '≥3 percent body surface area', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Executive Vice President', 'disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs', 'elevated C-reactive protein', 'magnetic resonance imaging', 'steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs', 'TNF inhibitor-inadequate responders', 'Professor Iain McInnes', 'SpondyloArthritis international Society', 'severe plaque psoriasis', 'unmet patient needs', 'active axial spondyloarthritis', 'Minimal Disease Activity', 'first marketing authorizations', 'complete skin clearance', 'new treatment option', 'active psoriatic arthritis', 'TNFi-inadequate responder patients', 'AS patient populations', 'The European Commission', 'BE COMPLETE studies', 'Phase 3 clinical studies', 'patient outcomes', 'baseline psoriasis', 'marketing authorisation', 'active AS', 'Skin Symptoms', 'disease control', 'frequent TEAEs', 'first IL-17A', '2,3 Clinical responses', 'European Union', 'two studies', 'TNFi-IR) populations.1', 'TNFi-IR populations', 'AS populations', 'first approval', '7th June', 'ankylosing spondylitis', 'third indications', 'moderate to', 'exciting milestone', 'healthcare professionals', 'IL-17F inhibitor', 'Emmanuel Caeymaex', 'Immunology Solutions', 'U.S.', 'objective signs', 'conventional therapy', 'primary endpoint', 'secondary endpoints', 'biologic-naïve', 'Joint Symptoms', 'exploratory endpoint', 'high thresholds', 'Life Sciences', 'oral candidiasis', 'TNFi-naïve', 'other endpoints', 'active nr-axSpA', 'BE OPTIMAL', 'BE MOBILE', 'inadequate response', 'parallel approval', 'extended approval', 'EC approval', 'TNFi-IR patients', 'Consistent results', 'ASAS40 responses', 'radiographic axSpA', 'ACR50 response', '2 studies', '44 percent', '43 percent', '10 percent', '7 percent', '45 percent', '13 percent', '6 percent', '59 percent', '2 percent', 'Brussels', 'Belgium', 'CEST', 'UCB', 'BIMZELX®', 'bimekizumab', 'adults', 'PsA', 'approvals', 'August', 'momentum', 'diseases', 'Head', 'commitment', 'standards', 'combination', 'methotrexate', 'DMARDs', 'inflammation', 'Highlights', 'Week', 'placebo', 'TNF-inhibitor', 'PASI90', 'PASI100', 'MDA', 'bDMARD-naive', 'rheumatologists', 'dermatologists', 'Data', 'University', 'Glasgow', 'College', 'Medical', 'Veterinary', 'Scotland', 'nasopharyngitis', 'diarrhoea', 'hypertension', 'Assessment', '07', '1.1']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/07/2684046/0/en/SOITEC-REPORTS-FULL-YEAR-RESULTS-OF-FISCAL-YEAR-2023.html,SOITEC REPORTS FULL-YEAR RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023,SOITEC REPORTS FULL-YEAR RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023     Revenue reached €1.1bn  up 26% on a reported basis and up 19% at constant exchange rates and......,English FrenchSOITEC REPORTS FULL-YEAR RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023Revenue reached €1.1bn  up 26% on a reported basis and up 19% at constant exchange rates and perimeterEBITDA 1 margin 2 reached 36% of revenue  as expected Current operating income increased by 37% year on year  to €267m Free Cash Flow at €34m with significant investments in capacity i ncrease FY’24 guidance confirmed: revenue expected to be stable vs. FY23 at constant exchange rates and perimeter  and EBITDA 1 margin 2 to remain around 36% Soitec confirm s managing its business to reach a revenue target of around $2.1 billion in FY’26 with an EBITDA 1 margin 2 target of around 40% (at a 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate)Bernin (Grenoble)  France  June 7th  2023 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announced its full-year results for the fiscal year 2023 (ended on March 31st  2023). The financial statements3 were approved by the Board of Directors during its meeting today.Pierre Barnabé  Soitec’s CEO  commented: “In a complex environment  we ended our fiscal year in line with our guidance both in terms of organic growth and EBITDA margin  which represents our highest EBITDA margin ever  at 36%. These great results are a true demonstration of both our commercial success and our capacity to leverage our strong industrial performance. I would like to congratulate Soitec’s teams for their tremendous job and unwavering commitment.Strong dynamics in our Automotive & industrial and Smart Devices markets will allow us to compensate for the temporary slowdown in the smartphone one. In what is going to be a transition year on our way towards our ambitious growth targets for fiscal year 2026 and beyond  we will continue to increase our production capacity to support our future expansion and to invest in our innovation” added Pierre Barnabé.Strong revenue growth and further improvement in EBITDA1 margin2Consolidated income statement (part 1)(Euros millions) FY’23 FY’22 % change Revenue 1 089 863 +26% Gross profit 402 316 +28% As a % of revenue 37.0% 36.6% Net research and development expenses (64) (57) +13% Selling  general and administrative expenses (71) (64) +11% Current operating income 267 195 +37% As a % of revenue 24.5% 22.6% EBITDA1 from continuing operations 391 309 +27% As a % of revenue 36.0% 35.8%Consolidated revenue reached 1 089 million Euros in FY’23  up 26% on a reported basis compared with 863 million Euros in FY’22. This reflects a 19% growth at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 combined with a positive currency impact of 7%.Mobile communications revenue reached 731 million Euros in FY’23 (67% of total revenue)  up 10% at constant exchange rates and up 17% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. In the context of a global smartphone market slowdown  demand for RF-SOI wafers continues to be supported by further penetration of 5G high-end smartphones requiring greater semiconductor content for radiofrequency applications  as well as by long-term customer agreements. FD-SOI wafers for front end modules also delivered a solid performance. Higher 300-mm SOI wafer sales were enabled by the ongoing ramp-up in production at Singapore facility. In the meantime  the adoption phase of POI wafers dedicated to RF filters has been ongoing  with several customers involved in qualifying different design architectures.revenue reached 731 million Euros in FY’23 (67% of total revenue)  up 10% at constant exchange rates and up 17% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. In the context of a global smartphone market slowdown  demand for RF-SOI wafers continues to be supported by further penetration of 5G high-end smartphones requiring greater semiconductor content for radiofrequency applications  as well as by long-term customer agreements. FD-SOI wafers for front end modules also delivered a solid performance. Higher 300-mm SOI wafer sales were enabled by the ongoing ramp-up in production at Singapore facility. In the meantime  the adoption phase of POI wafers dedicated to RF filters has been ongoing  with several customers involved in qualifying different design architectures. Automotive & Industrial revenue amounted to 141 million Euros in FY’23 (13% of total revenue)  up 77% at constant exchange rates and up 89% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. Demand from the automotive industry continues to be driven by the rise in semiconductor content embedded in new vehicles  with increased digitalization (infotainment  autonomous driving and functional safety) and increased electrification (growing proportion of electric and hybrid vehicles). Sharp growth was recorded in both FD-SOI and Power-SOI wafer sales. In addition  Soitec’s SmartSiC offering started to generate revenue.revenue amounted to 141 million Euros in FY’23 (13% of total revenue)  up 77% at constant exchange rates and up 89% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. Demand from the automotive industry continues to be driven by the rise in semiconductor content embedded in new vehicles  with increased digitalization (infotainment  autonomous driving and functional safety) and increased electrification (growing proportion of electric and hybrid vehicles). Sharp growth was recorded in both FD-SOI and Power-SOI wafer sales. In addition  Soitec’s SmartSiC offering started to generate revenue. Smart devices revenue reached 217 million Euros in FY’23 (20% of total revenue)  up 26% at constant exchange rates and up 32% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. Demand remains driven by the need for more complex sensors  higher connectivity functionalities and embedded intelligence  leading to more powerful and efficient chips for edge artificial intelligence  data centers and cloud computing. Growth in FD-SOI wafer sales was sharp  meeting higher demand for Internet of Things (IoT) and Edge Computing devices across consumer and industrial sectors. Sustained growth was also recorded in Photonics-SOI wafers providing high-speed connectivity for artificial intelligence in the cloud  as well as in Imager-SOI wafers for 3D imaging applications.Gross profit reached 402 million Euros in FY’23  up 28% from 316 million Euros in FY’22  reflecting a 0.4-point increase in gross margin  from 36.6% of revenue in FY’22 to 37.0% of revenue in FY’23. Soitec benefitted from the operating leverage due to the robust increase in activity  but also from a favourable product mix effect. This good industrial performance has more than offset inflationary cost increases  including  as anticipated  higher bulk material prices within the framework of long-term supply agreements  as well as non-recurring items  namely some inventory depreciation and a dilutive effect on margin due to currency hedging.Current operating income increased by 37% to 267 million Euros in FY’23  up from 195 million Euros in FY’22. This translates into a higher current operating margin  from 22.6% of revenue in FY’22 to 24.5% of revenue in FY’23 thanks to a moderate increase in net R&D expenses and a tight control over SG&A.Gross R&D expenses before capitalization increased by 15 million Euros to 123 million Euros. They represent 11.3% of total revenue  illustrating Soitec’s continuous investments to support its innovation strategy  including the expansion of its product portfolio. Net R&D expenses increased from 57 million Euros in FY’22 to 64 million Euros in FY’23  representing 5.9% of FY’23 revenue.increased by 15 million Euros to 123 million Euros. They represent 11.3% of total revenue  illustrating Soitec’s continuous investments to support its innovation strategy  including the expansion of its product portfolio. increased from 57 million Euros in FY’22 to 64 million Euros in FY’23  representing 5.9% of FY’23 revenue. Selling  general and administrative (SG&A) expenses remained contained and  as a percentage of sales  went down from 7.4% in FY’22 to 6.5% in FY’23. In value  SG&A expenses went up from 64 million Euros in FY’22 to 71 million Euros in FY’23  reflecting higher labour costs mainly as result of a combination of new hirings and salary inflation  partially offset by the effect of the decrease in share price on share-based compensation.The EBITDA1 from continuing operations amounted to 391 million Euros in FY’23  up 27% from 309 million Euros in FY’22  reflecting a slightly higher EBITDA1 margin2  up from 35.8% in FY’22 to 36.0% in FY’23  perfectly in line with the Group’s guidance. This is the highest EBITDA1 margin2 ever achieved by Soitec  which reflects its strong operating leverage and tight control over operating expenses  partially mitigated by the impact of inflation on bulk material prices and negative currency effect.Depreciation and amortization expenses went up from 81 million Euros in FY’22 to 106 million Euros in FY’23 as a result of the increased industrial capacity as well as capitalized R&D investments carried out by the Group in previous years.Consolidated income statement (part 2)(Euros millions) FY’23 FY’22 % change Current operating income 267 195 +37% Other operating income and expenses 0 10 Operating income 268 205 +31% Net financial result (10) (1) Income tax (26) (2) Net profit from continuing operations 232 202 +15% Net profit / (loss) from discontinued operations 1 (0) Net profit  Group share 233 202 +15% Basic earnings per share (in €) 6.63 5.98 +11% Diluted earnings per share (in €) 6.41 5.63 +14% Number of shares 35 133 150 33 753 666 Number of diluted shares 37 240 396 37 181 632In FY’23 the amount of other operating income and expenses was not material whereas the Group recorded a non-recurring income of 10 million Euros in FY’22  mainly reflecting the full reversal of an impairment loss related to Singapore industrial building. Consequently  the operating income stood at 268 million Euros in FY’23  up 31% compared to 205 million Euros recorded in FY’22.The net financial result was a loss of 10 million Euros in FY’23 compared to a loss of 1 million Euros in FY’22. On the one hand  the Group benefited from a 3 million Euros decrease in net financial expenses related to the positive impact of the conversion of OCEANEs 2023 bonds  as well as to financial income from cash investments. On the other hand  the Group recorded a net foreign exchange gain of 1 million Euros in FY’23 compared to a gain of 13 million Euros recorded in FY’22.Income tax expense amounted to 26 million Euros in FY’23  reflecting an effective income tax-rate of 10% of pre-tax profit  as the Group continues to benefit from tax loss carryforwards. The income tax expense  however  was much lower in FY’22 (2 million Euros) due to non-recurring effects.The net profit  Group share amounted to 233 million Euros in FY’23  up 15% from a net profit of 202 million Euros recorded in FY’22.Positive Free Cash Flow while capacity investments further increasedConsolidated cash-flows(Euros millions) FY’23 FY’22 Continuing operations EBITDA1 391 309 Change in working capital (96) (52) Tax paid (32) (2) Net cash generated by operating activities 263 255 Net cash used in investing activities (228) (213) Free Cash Flow 34 42 Proceeds from shareholders and other items (4) 2 New loans and debt repayment (including finance leases)  drawing on credit lines 32 39 Financial expenses (7) (4) Net cash generated from financing activities 20 37 Impact of exchange rate fluctuations 6 6 Net change in cash 60 85 Discontinued operations (0) (2) Group net change in cash 60 83The Group generated a Free Cash Flow of 34 million Euros in FY’23 while managing its working capital needs and continuing to invest in capital expenditure to support its expansion. This compares to a 42 million Euros Free Cash Flow in FY’22.Tightly monitored by the Group  the cash outflow from working capital amounted to 96 million Euros in FY’23 (compared to 52 million Euros in FY’22) as a result of a 36 million Euros increase in inventories  and a 112 million Euros increase in trade receivables mostly reflecting the higher level of activity and a lower amount of downpayments received from customers. These items were partially offset by a 40 million Euros increase in trade payables.Tax paid amounted to 32 million Euros in FY’23. This compares to 2 million Euros the year before  as the Group benefitted from non-recurring adjustments in FY’22.Despite higher working capital cash outflow and higher tax paid  net cash generated by operating activities was slightly up  thanks to the strong increase in EBITDA. Operating cash flow reached 263 million Euros in FY’23 against 255 million Euros in FY’22.The net cash used in investing activities amounted to 228 million Euros in FY’23  up 7% from 213 million Euros in FY’22. Including investments financed through leasing contracts  which accounted for 16 million Euros in FY’23  total cash out related to investing activities amounted to 244 million Euros. Capital expenditure breaks down as follows:28 million Euros in capitalized R&D investments mainly dedicated to SmartSiC technology 191 million Euros in capacity investments in Bernin and in Singapore  mainly dedicated to 300-mm SOI  and to a lesser extent to POI and SiC other investments for 25 million Euros (innovation tools  IT  etc.).Net cash generated from financing activities of continuing operations amounted to 20 million Euros in FY’23  essentially reflecting a net increase in borrowings. In FY’22  net cash generated by financing activities amounted to 37 million Euros.In total  including a 6 million Euros positive impact of exchange rate fluctuations  net cash generated by continuing operations reached 60 million Euros in FY’23 compared to 85 million Euros in FY’22.Overall  Soitec further increased its cash position  which went up from 728 million Euros on March 31st  2022  to 788 million Euros on March 31st  2023.Sound balance sheet maintainedThanks to the strong performance achieved in FY’23  Soitec has maintained a very sound balance sheet.Tangible assets increased by 143 million Euros in FY’23 as a result of further industrial capacity investments in Bernin and Singapore  but also capitalized development projects and new leasing contracts.Shareholders’ equity increased by 262 million Euros in FY’23 to 1 306 million Euros on March 31st  2023  mainly thanks to the net profit generated during the period.Financial debt stood at 648 million Euros on March 31st  2023. This represents a 62 million Euros increase compared to March 31st  2022  mainly reflecting a 52 million Euros net increase in borrowings and a 21 million Euros net increase in property leases and leasing contracts  partially offset by a 17 million Euros drop in the mark-to-market value of financial derivatives related to currency hedging.The increase in financial debt was almost identical to the increase in cash and cash equivalents.Soitec has therefore maintained its positive net cash position5 at 140 million Euros on March 31st  2023 against 142 million Euros on March 31st  2022.FY’24 outlook confirmedSoitec confirms anticipating FY’24 revenue to be stable year on year at constant exchange rates and perimeter  and EBITDA1 margin2 to remain around 36%. A weaker smartphone market with a strong inventory correction is expected to weigh on Mobile communications revenue  especially during the first half of FY’24  while further strong demand is anticipated for both Automotive & Industrial and Smart Devices. H1’24 total revenue is therefore expected to decline at constant exchange rates and perimeter by around -15% year-on-year  while a strong acceleration is expected in H2’24.In addition  Soitec expects FY’24 capital expenditure to reach around 300 million Euros  essentially reflecting capacity investments planned to support future growth. Capital expenditure will be dedicated to SOI products through additional capacity investments at Singapore 300-mm SOI existing facility as well as the building of Singapore facility extension and 300-mm refresh capacity in Bernin IV. Investments will also cover further investments in SmartSIC tools (150 & 200-mm) planned in Bernin IV  and ongoing investments in innovation (including capitalized R&D) to develop new generations of products.FY’26 financial modelSoitec confirms anticipating significant growth in each of its three end markets and new products and managing its business to reach in FY’26:a targeted revenue of around $2.1 billion an EBITDA1 margin2 target of around 40% (at a 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate).These targets are supported by Soitec’s strong portfolio with further growth expected both in existing products (FD-SOI  RF-SOI  Power-SOI and Photonics-SOI) and in new products (especially SiC  POI and GaN) coming in the three end markets  i.e. Mobile communications  Automotive & Industrial and Smart devices. Soitec will provide more information during its Capital Markets Day on June 8th  2023.Key events of FY’23CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics to advance next generation FD-SOI roadmap for automotive  IoT and mobile applicationsOn April 8th  2022  leading semiconductor players CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics announced a new collaboration in which they intend to jointly define the industry’s next generation roadmap for FD-SOI technology. Semiconductors and FD-SOI innovation are of strategic value to France and the EU as well as to customers globally. FD-SOI offers substantial benefits for designers and customer systems  including lower power consumption as well as easier integration of additional features such as connectivity and security  a key feature for automotive  IoT and mobile applications.Soitec released its first 200-mm silicon carbide SmartSiC™ waferOn May 4th  2022  Soitec announced the release of its first 200-mm silicon carbide SmartSiC™ wafer  from the pilot line at its Substrate Innovation Center. The release enabled Soitec to demonstrate the quality and performance of 200-mm SmartSiC™ engineered substrates and to conduct a first round of key customer validations. The addition of 200-mm is enlarging Soitec’s SiC product portfolio beyond 150-mm and accelerate customers’ SiC roadmap.Soitec announced the extension of its Pasir Ris Facility to produce 300mm SOI wafersOn June 8th  2022  Soitec announced the extension of its Pasir Ris facility in Singapore  with the objective to add a new capacity of 1 million wafers per year. Soitec expects the construction of this extension to start in FY’23  and the fab to enter into operation by the end of FY’25. The robust level of customer demand gives Soitec enough visibility to accelerate the launch of this extension  which was initially planned for FY’26. Combining Bernin and Pasir Ris  Soitec’s total 300-mm SOI production capacity will ultimately reach 2.7 million wafers per year. The extension of Pasir Ris is also due to include additional refresh and epitaxy capacities.STMicroelectronics and GlobalFoundries to advance FD-SOI ecosystem with new 300mm manufacturing facility in FranceOn July 11th  2022  STMicroelectronics and GlobalFoundries announced the creation of a new  jointly-operated 300-mm semiconductor manufacturing facility adjacent to ST’s existing site in Crolles  France. This new facility will support several technologies  in particular FD-SOI-based technologies  and will cover multiple variants. This includes GF’s market leading FDX technology and ST’s comprehensive technology roadmap down to 18nm  which are expected to remain in high demand for Automotive  IoT  and Mobile applications for the next few decades. The facility is targeted to ramp at full capacity by 2026  with up to 620 000 wafers per year production at full build-out.Pierre Barnabé succeeds Paul Boudre as CEOOn July 26th  2022  Soitec held its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  during which Pierre Barnabé was appointed director of the Company. As planned  he succeeded Paul Boudre as Chief Executive Officer on the same day. Pierre Barnabé joined Soitec on May 1st  2022  and he has been working closely with Paul Boudre and the Executive Committee during this period to ensure an effective transition.Acquisition of the remaining 20% of Dolphin DesignOn October 27th  2022  Soitec exercised its call option to increase its stake in Dolphin Design SAS to 100%  acquiring an additional 20% of the capital from its partner MBDA. Soitec will own 100% of the share capital of Dolphin Design SAS upon closing of the transfer. Since Dolphin Design SAS is already fully consolidated at 100% in Soitec consolidated accounts due to the existence of this option  this acquisition will have no effect on the accounts of the Group.Sustainability report releaseOn November 23rd  2022  Soitec released its second sustainability report  stressing both achievements and ambitious targets in support of its 2026 strategic roadmap. Highlights include i) the creation of Soitec’s Board of Directors' ESG Committee last September  ii) Soitec becoming the fourth semiconductor company worldwide to have its greenhouse gas emission reduction targets aligned with the 1.5°C ambition validated by the SBTi  and iii) winning the 2021 SEMI Industry Leader in Diversity and Inclusion award on November 16  2022 in recognition of its innovative and pioneering policies and achievements.STMicroelectronics and Soitec cooperate on SiC substrate manufacturing technologyOn December 1st  2022  STMicroelectronics and Soitec announced the next stage of their cooperation on Silicon Carbide (SiC) substrates  with the qualification of Soitec’s SiC substrate technology by STMicroelectronics planned over the next 18 months. The goal of this cooperation is the adoption by STMicroelectronics of Soitec’s SmartSiC™ technology for its future 200mm substrate manufacturing  feeding its devices and modules manufacturing business  with volume production expected in the medium term. The combination of Soitec’s SmartSiC™ substrates with STMicroelectronics’ industry-leading silicon carbide technology and expertise is a game-changer for automotive chip manufacturing. As the automotive industry is facing major disruption with the advent of electric vehicles  the transition from 150mm to 200mm SiC wafers will bring substantial advantages to automotive and industrial customers as they accelerate the transition towards the electrification of their systems and products.Soitec breaks ground on Singapore fab extension to grow its global semiconductor wafer production capacityOn December 9th  2022  Soitec formally broke ground on the construction of its wafer fab extension at Singapore’s Pasir Ris Wafer Fab Park. The ceremony was held in the presence of Low Yen Ling  Singapore’s Minister of State for Trade and Industry  and Her Excellency  Minh-di Tang  Ambassador of France to Singapore. The fab extension will enable Soitec to double the annual production capacity at its Pasir Ris site  in Singapore  to around two million 300mm SOI (Silicon-on-Insulators) wafers. The capacity ramp-up is part of Soitec's strategic growth plan to address the increasing global demand for engineered wafers and complements its investments at its main hub in France. The extension in Singapore will add 45 000 square meters of fab space and double Soitec’s Singapore workforce to more than 600 by 2026.Post-closing eventSoitec and SAWNICS announce Process Design Kit (PDK) to accelerate high-performance RF filter design for 5G smartphonesOn April 26th  2023  Soitec and SAWNICS  which offers a best-in-class foundry service for Surface Acoustic Wave (SAW) filters  announced the availability of a Process Design Kit (PDK) based on Soitec’s Connect Piezo-on-Insulator (POI) substrates. The SAWNICS PDK provides a reliable reference guide validated on Soitec Connect POI products  to support the design and volume manufacturing of advanced RF filters. It will greatly simplify and accelerate the development and production of filters on Connect POI products by reducing the number of design iterations while meeting increasingly stringent 5G requirements.# # #Soitec will host a Capital Markets Day in Paris on June 8th  2023  at 14:00pm CET. FY’23 results will be commented during this analyst and investor meeting  which will be held in English.The live webcast and slide presentation will be available on:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/soitec/20230608_1/# # #AgendaSoitec’s Annual General Meeting will be held on July 25th  2023.Q1’24 revenue is due to be published on July 26th  2023  after market close.Going forward  Soitec intends to change its financial reporting calendar by combining Q2 revenue and H1 results publications together  and Q4 revenue and FY results together. Consequently:Q2’24 revenue and H1’24 results will be released around mid-November 2023 Q4’24 revenue and FY’24 results will be released in the second half of May 2024.No change is expected in the usual timing of Q1 and Q3 revenue releases.# # #DisclaimerThis document is provided by Soitec (the “Company”) for information purposes only.The Company’s business operations and financial position are described in the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document (which notably includes the 2021-2022 Annual Financial Report) which was filed on June 20  2022 with the French stock market authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under number D.22-0523  as well as in the Company’s 2022-2023 half-year report released on November 23  2022. The French versions of the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and of the 2022-2023 half-year report  together with English courtesy translations for information purposes of both documents  are available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com)  in the section Company - Investors - Financial Reports.Your attention is drawn to the risk factors described in Chapter 2.1 of the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document.This document contains summary information and should be read in conjunction with the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2022-2023 half-year report.This document contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements relate to the Company’s future prospects  developments and strategy and are based on analyses of earnings forecasts and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties as they relate to future events and are dependent on circumstances that may or may not materialize in the future. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of the Company’s future performance. The occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements. In addition  the future consequences of geopolitical conflicts  in particular the Ukraine / Russia situation  as well as rising inflation  may result in greater impacts than currently anticipated in these forward-looking statements.The Company’s actual financial position  results and cash flows  as well as the trends in the sector in which the Company operates may differ materially from those contained in this document. Furthermore  even if the Company’s financial position  results  cash-flows and the developments in the sector in which the Company operates were to conform to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  such elements cannot be construed as a reliable indication of the Company’s future results or developments.The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or make any correction to any forward-looking statement in order to reflect an event or circumstance that may occur after the date of this document. In addition  the occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements.This document does not constitute or form part of an offer or a solicitation to purchase  subscribe for  or sell the Company’s securities in any country whatsoever. This document  or any part thereof  shall not form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any contract  commitment or investment decision.Notably  this document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  subscribe for or to sell securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from the registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company’s shares have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any other person intends to conduct a public offering of the Company’s securities in the United States.# # #About SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 700 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.# # #For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_OfficialInvestor Relations:investors@soitec.comMedia contacts:Isabelle Laurent+33 6 42 37 54 17 isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frFabrice Baron+33 6 14 08 29 81fabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr# # #Soitec is a French joint-stock corporation with a Board of Directors (Société Anonyme à Conseil d’administration) with a share capital of €71 178 834 having its registered office located at Parc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques - 38190 Bernin (France)  and registered with the Grenoble Trade and Companies Register under number 384 711 909.# # #Consolidated financial statements in appendix include:FY’23 consolidated income statementBalance sheet at March 31 st   2023  2023 FY’23 consolidated cash-flows# # #Consolidated financial statements for FY’23As previously reported  Soitec’s refocus on Electronics operations decided in January 2015 was nearly completed on March 31st  2016. Consequently  the FY’23 residual income and expenses relating to Solar and Other activities are reported under ‘Net result from discontinued operations’  below the ‘Operating income’ line  meaning that down to the line ‘Net result after tax from continuing operations’  the consolidated income statement fully and exclusively reflects the Electronics activity as well as the Group’s corporate functions expenses. This was already the case in FY’22 financial statements.Consolidated income statementFY’23 FY’22 (Euro millions) (endedMarch 31  2023) (endedMarch 31  2022) Revenue 1 089 863 Cost of sales (686) (547) Gross profit 402 316 Sales and marketing expenses (16) (15) Research and development expenses (64) (57) General and administrative expenses (55) (49) Current operating income 267 195 Other operating income / (expenses) 0 10 Operating income 268 205 Financial income 6 13 Financial expenses (15) (14) Financial income / (expense) (10) (1) Profit before tax 258 204 Income tax (26) (2) Net profit from continuing operations 232 202 Net loss from discontinued operations 1 (0) Consolidated net profit 233 202 Non-controlling interests - - Net profit  Group share 233 202Basic earnings per share (in €) 6.63 5.98 Diluted earnings per share (in €) 6.41 5.63 Number of shares 35 133 150 33 753 666 Number of diluted shares 37 240 396 37 181 632Balance sheet at March 31 st   2023Assets March 31  2023 March 31  2022 (Euro millions) Non-current assets: Intangible assets 128 108 Property  plant and equipment 705 562 Non-current financial assets 25 17 Other non-current assets 59 19 Deferred tax assets 67 64 Total non-current assets 985 770 Current assets: Inventories 175 143 Trade receivables 363 280 Other current assets 105 62 Current financial assets 3 4 Cash and cash equivalents 788 728 Total current assets 1 435 1 216 Total assets 2 420 1 986Equity and liabilities March 31  2023 March 31  2022 (Euro millions) Equity: Share capital 71 70 Share premium 229 230 Reserves and retained earnings 994 747 Other reserves 12 (3) Equity  Group Share 1 306 1 044 Total equity 1 306 1 044 Non-current liabilities: Long-term financial debt 578 518 Provisions and other non-current liabilities 80 79 Total non-current liabilities 659 597 Current liabilities: Short-term financial debt 69 68 Trade payables 171 101 Provisions and other current liabilities 216 177 Total current liabilities 456 346 Total equity and liabilities 2 420 1 986Consolidated cash-flowsFY’23 FY’22 (Euro millions) (endedMarch 31  2023) (endedMarch 31  2022) Consolidated net profit 233 202 of which continuing operations 232 202 Depreciation and amortization expense 106 81 Impairment / (depreciation reversals) of assets - (10) Provisions / (reversals of provisions)  net 12 1 Provisions / (reversal of provisions) for retirement benefit obligations  net 0 (4) (Gains)/losses on disposals of assets 0 2 Income tax 26 2 Financial expense 10 1 Share-based payments 14 20 Other non-cash items (8) 14 Items related to discontinued operations (1) (0) EBITDA2 391 308 of which continuing operations 391 309 Increase / (decrease) in cash relating to: Inventories (36) (31) Trade receivables (112) (48) Trade payables 40 15 Other receivables and liabilities 11 12 Income tax paid (32) (2) Change in working capital and income tax paid (129) (54) of which continuing operations (129) (54) Net cash generated by operating activities 262 254 of which continuing operations 263 255FY’23 FY’22 (Euro millions) (endedMarch 31  2023) (endedMarch 31  2022) Net cash generated by operating activities 262 254 of which continuing operations 263 255 Purchases of intangible assets (42) (24) Purchases of property  plant and equipment (186) (181) Proceeds from disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment 0 1 Acquisition of a subsidiary  net of cash acquired - (8) (Acquisitions) and disposals of financial assets (5) (2) Interest received 4 0 Net cash used in investing activities (1) (228) (213) of which continuing operations (1) (228) (213) Loans and drawdowns on credit lines 80 64 Repayment of borrowings (including leases) (48) (25) Non-controlling interests (3) 2 Interest paid (7) (4) Other financing flows (1) - Financing flows related to discontinued operations (0) (2) Net cash generated from financing activities 20 36 of which continuing operations 20 37 Effects of exchange rate fluctuations 6 6 Change in net cash 60 83 of which continuing operations 60 85 Cash at beginning of the period 728 644 Cash at end of the period 788 728(1) According to IFRS  the cash used in investing activities is calculated net of investments financed through leasing  which accounted for 16 million Euros in FY’23 and 16 million Euros in FY’22. Total cash out related to investing activities therefore amounted to 244 million Euros in FY’23 and 229 million Euros in FY’22.[1] The EBITDA represents operating income (EBIT) before depreciation  amortization  impairment of non-current assets  non-cash items relating to share-based payments  provisions for impairment of current assets and for contingencies and expenses  and disposals gains and losses. This alternative indicator of performance is a non-IFRS quantitative measure used to measure the company’s ability to generate cash from its operating activities. EBITDA is not defined by an IFRS standard and must not be considered an alternative to any other financial indicator.[2] EBITDA margin = EBITDA from continuing operations / Revenue.[3] Audit procedures were completed  and the audit report is in the process of being issued.[4] The scope effect related to the acquisition of NovaSiC SAS  the closing of which took place on December 29  2021  had no material impact on Soitec’s revenue.5[] The net cash position represents cash and cash equivalents less financial debt  a positive net cash position meaning cash and cash equivalents are higher than financial debt. A net debt position meaning cash and cash equivalents are lower than financial debt.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['SOITEC REPORTS', 'FULL-YEAR RESULTS', 'FISCAL YEAR', 'Higher 300-mm SOI wafer sales', '1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate', 'global smartphone market slowdown', 'Power-SOI wafer sales', 'constant exchange rates', 'Current operating income', 'Free Cash Flow', 'Smart Devices markets', 'positive currency impact', '5G high-end smartphones', 'long-term customer agreements', 'front end modules', 'different design architectures', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'Consolidated income statement', 'ambitious growth targets', 'greater semiconductor content', 'highest EBITDA margin', 'Mobile communications revenue', 'EBITDA 1 margin 2 target', 'strong industrial performance', 'Strong revenue growth', 'temporary slowdown', 'smartphone one', 'Strong dynamics', 'solid performance', 'organic growth', 'Sharp growth', 'revenue target', 'Consolidated revenue', 'English French', 'FULL-YEAR RESULTS', 'significant investments', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'financial statements3', 'Pierre Barnabé', 'complex environment', 'great results', 'true demonstration', 'commercial success', 'tremendous job', 'unwavering commitment', 'future expansion', 'EBITDA1 margin2', 'Euros millions', 'Gross profit', 'Net research', 'development expenses', 'administrative expenses', 'continuing operations', '1,089 million Euros', '863 million Euros', '731 million Euros', 'RF-SOI wafers', 'radiofrequency applications', 'ongoing ramp-up', 'Singapore facility', 'adoption phase', 'POI wafers', 'RF filters', 'several customers', '141 million Euros', 'new vehicles', 'autonomous driving', 'functional safety', 'growing proportion', 'hybrid vehicles', 'SmartSiC offering', 'FISCAL YEAR', 'transition year', 'FD-SOI wafers', 'total revenue', 'Industrial revenue', 'automotive industry', 'SOITEC REPORTS', 'production capacity', 'FY’24 guidance', '19% growth', 'basis', 'perimeter', 'FY23', 'business', 'Bernin', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'June', 'designing', 'March', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'CEO', 'line', 'terms', 'teams', 'way', 'innovation', 'improvement', 'part', '22 % change', 'Selling', 'general', 'context', 'demand', 'penetration', 'meantime', 'rise', 'digitalization', 'infotainment', 'electrification', 'electric', 'addition', 'increase']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,globenewswire.com
25902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOITEC-4695/news/SOITEC-REPORTS-FULL-YEAR-RESULTS-OF-FISCAL-YEAR-2023-44063167/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230607,SOITEC REPORTS FULL-YEAR RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023,(marketscreener.com) SOITEC REPORTS FULL-YEAR RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023 Revenue reached €1.1bn  up 26% on a reported basis and up 19% at constant exchange rates and perimeterEBITDA1 margin2 reached 36% of revenue  as expected Current operating income increa…,SOITEC REPORTS FULL-YEAR RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023 06/07/2023 | 11:46am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields SOITEC REPORTS FULL-YEAR RESULTS OF FISCAL YEAR 2023 Revenue reached €1.1bn  up 26% on a reported basis and up 19% at constant exchange rates and perimeterEBITDA 1 margin 2 reached 36% of revenue  as expected Current operating income increased by 37% year on year  to €267m Free Cash Flow at €34m with significant investments in capacity i ncrease FY’24 guidance confirmed: revenue expected to be stable vs. FY23 at constant exchange rates and perimeter  and EBITDA 1 margin 2 to remain around 36% Soitec confirm s managing its business to reach a revenue target of around $2.1 billion in FY’26 with an EBITDA 1 margin 2 target of around 40% (at a 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate)Bernin (Grenoble)  France  June 7th  2023 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announced its full-year results for the fiscal year 2023 (ended on March 31st  2023). The financial statements3 were approved by the Board of Directors during its meeting today. Pierre Barnabé  Soitec’s CEO  commented: “In a complex environment  we ended our fiscal year in line with our guidance both in terms of organic growth and EBITDA margin  which represents our highest EBITDA margin ever  at 36%. These great results are a true demonstration of both our commercial success and our capacity to leverage our strong industrial performance. I would like to congratulate Soitec’s teams for their tremendous job and unwavering commitment. Strong dynamics in our Automotive & industrial and Smart Devices markets will allow us to compensate for the temporary slowdown in the smartphone one. In what is going to be a transition year on our way towards our ambitious growth targets for fiscal year 2026 and beyond  we will continue to increase our production capacity to support our future expansion and to invest in our innovation” added Pierre Barnabé. Strong revenue growth and further improvement in EBITDA1 margin2 Consolidated income statement (part 1) (Euros millions) FY’23 FY’22 % change Revenue 1 089 863 +26% Gross profit 402 316 +28% As a % of revenue 37.0% 36.6% Net research and development expenses (64) (57) +13% Selling  general and administrative expenses (71) (64) +11% Current operating income 267 195 +37% As a % of revenue 24.5% 22.6% EBITDA1 from continuing operations 391 309 +27% As a % of revenue 36.0% 35.8% Consolidated revenue reached 1 089 million Euros in FY’23  up 26% on a reported basis compared with 863 million Euros in FY’22. This reflects a 19% growth at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 combined with a positive currency impact of 7%. Mobile communications revenue reached 731 million Euros in FY’23 (67% of total revenue)  up 10% at constant exchange rates and up 17% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. In the context of a global smartphone market slowdown  demand for RF-SOI wafers continues to be supported by further penetration of 5G high-end smartphones requiring greater semiconductor content for radiofrequency applications  as well as by long-term customer agreements. FD-SOI wafers for front end modules also delivered a solid performance. Higher 300-mm SOI wafer sales were enabled by the ongoing ramp-up in production at Singapore facility. In the meantime  the adoption phase of POI wafers dedicated to RF filters has been ongoing  with several customers involved in qualifying different design architectures.revenue reached 731 million Euros in FY’23 (67% of total revenue)  up 10% at constant exchange rates and up 17% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. In the context of a global smartphone market slowdown  demand for RF-SOI wafers continues to be supported by further penetration of 5G high-end smartphones requiring greater semiconductor content for radiofrequency applications  as well as by long-term customer agreements. FD-SOI wafers for front end modules also delivered a solid performance. Higher 300-mm SOI wafer sales were enabled by the ongoing ramp-up in production at Singapore facility. In the meantime  the adoption phase of POI wafers dedicated to RF filters has been ongoing  with several customers involved in qualifying different design architectures. Automotive & Industrial revenue amounted to 141 million Euros in FY’23 (13% of total revenue)  up 77% at constant exchange rates and up 89% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. Demand from the automotive industry continues to be driven by the rise in semiconductor content embedded in new vehicles  with increased digitalization (infotainment  autonomous driving and functional safety) and increased electrification (growing proportion of electric and hybrid vehicles). Sharp growth was recorded in both FD-SOI and Power-SOI wafer sales. In addition  Soitec’s SmartSiC offering started to generate revenue.revenue amounted to 141 million Euros in FY’23 (13% of total revenue)  up 77% at constant exchange rates and up 89% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. Demand from the automotive industry continues to be driven by the rise in semiconductor content embedded in new vehicles  with increased digitalization (infotainment  autonomous driving and functional safety) and increased electrification (growing proportion of electric and hybrid vehicles). Sharp growth was recorded in both FD-SOI and Power-SOI wafer sales. In addition  Soitec’s SmartSiC offering started to generate revenue. Smart devices revenue reached 217 million Euros in FY’23 (20% of total revenue)  up 26% at constant exchange rates and up 32% on a reported basis compared to FY’22. Demand remains driven by the need for more complex sensors  higher connectivity functionalities and embedded intelligence  leading to more powerful and efficient chips for edge artificial intelligence  data centers and cloud computing. Growth in FD-SOI wafer sales was sharp  meeting higher demand for Internet of Things (IoT) and Edge Computing devices across consumer and industrial sectors. Sustained growth was also recorded in Photonics-SOI wafers providing high-speed connectivity for artificial intelligence in the cloud  as well as in Imager-SOI wafers for 3D imaging applications.Gross profit reached 402 million Euros in FY’23  up 28% from 316 million Euros in FY’22  reflecting a 0.4-point increase in gross margin  from 36.6% of revenue in FY’22 to 37.0% of revenue in FY’23. Soitec benefitted from the operating leverage due to the robust increase in activity  but also from a favourable product mix effect. This good industrial performance has more than offset inflationary cost increases  including  as anticipated  higher bulk material prices within the framework of long-term supply agreements  as well as non-recurring items  namely some inventory depreciation and a dilutive effect on margin due to currency hedging. Current operating income increased by 37% to 267 million Euros in FY’23  up from 195 million Euros in FY’22. This translates into a higher current operating margin  from 22.6% of revenue in FY’22 to 24.5% of revenue in FY’23 thanks to a moderate increase in net R&D expenses and a tight control over SG&A. Gross R&D expenses before capitalization increased by 15 million Euros to 123 million Euros. They represent 11.3% of total revenue  illustrating Soitec’s continuous investments to support its innovation strategy  including the expansion of its product portfolio. Net R&D expenses increased from 57 million Euros in FY’22 to 64 million Euros in FY’23  representing 5.9% of FY’23 revenue.increased by 15 million Euros to 123 million Euros. They represent 11.3% of total revenue  illustrating Soitec’s continuous investments to support its innovation strategy  including the expansion of its product portfolio. increased from 57 million Euros in FY’22 to 64 million Euros in FY’23  representing 5.9% of FY’23 revenue. Selling  general and administrative (SG&A) expenses remained contained and  as a percentage of sales  went down from 7.4% in FY’22 to 6.5% in FY’23. In value  SG&A expenses went up from 64 million Euros in FY’22 to 71 million Euros in FY’23  reflecting higher labour costs mainly as result of a combination of new hirings and salary inflation  partially offset by the effect of the decrease in share price on share-based compensation.The EBITDA1 from continuing operations amounted to 391 million Euros in FY’23  up 27% from 309 million Euros in FY’22  reflecting a slightly higher EBITDA1 margin2  up from 35.8% in FY’22 to 36.0% in FY’23  perfectly in line with the Group’s guidance. This is the highest EBITDA1 margin2 ever achieved by Soitec  which reflects its strong operating leverage and tight control over operating expenses  partially mitigated by the impact of inflation on bulk material prices and negative currency effect. Depreciation and amortization expenses went up from 81 million Euros in FY’22 to 106 million Euros in FY’23 as a result of the increased industrial capacity as well as capitalized R&D investments carried out by the Group in previous years. Consolidated income statement (part 2) (Euros millions) FY’23 FY’22 % change Current operating income 267 195 +37% Other operating income and expenses 0 10 Operating income 268 205 +31% Net financial result (10) (1) Income tax (26) (2) Net profit from continuing operations 232 202 +15% Net profit / (loss) from discontinued operations 1 (0) Net profit  Group share 233 202 +15% Basic earnings per share (in €) 6.63 5.98 +11% Diluted earnings per share (in €) 6.41 5.63 +14% Number of shares 35 133 150 33 753 666 Number of diluted shares 37 240 396 37 181 632 In FY’23 the amount of other operating income and expenses was not material whereas the Group recorded a non-recurring income of 10 million Euros in FY’22  mainly reflecting the full reversal of an impairment loss related to Singapore industrial building. Consequently  the operating income stood at 268 million Euros in FY’23  up 31% compared to 205 million Euros recorded in FY’22. The net financial result was a loss of 10 million Euros in FY’23 compared to a loss of 1 million Euros in FY’22. On the one hand  the Group benefited from a 3 million Euros decrease in net financial expenses related to the positive impact of the conversion of OCEANEs 2023 bonds  as well as to financial income from cash investments. On the other hand  the Group recorded a net foreign exchange gain of 1 million Euros in FY’23 compared to a gain of 13 million Euros recorded in FY’22. Income tax expense amounted to 26 million Euros in FY’23  reflecting an effective income tax-rate of 10% of pre-tax profit  as the Group continues to benefit from tax loss carryforwards. The income tax expense  however  was much lower in FY’22 (2 million Euros) due to non-recurring effects. The net profit  Group share amounted to 233 million Euros in FY’23  up 15% from a net profit of 202 million Euros recorded in FY’22. Positive Free Cash Flow while capacity investments further increased Consolidated cash-flows (Euros millions) FY’23 FY’22 Continuing operations EBITDA1 391 309 Change in working capital (96) (52) Tax paid (32) (2) Net cash generated by operating activities 263 255 Net cash used in investing activities (228) (213) Free Cash Flow 34 42 Proceeds from shareholders and other items (4) 2 New loans and debt repayment (including finance leases)  drawing on credit lines 32 39 Financial expenses (7) (4) Net cash generated from financing activities 20 37 Impact of exchange rate fluctuations 6 6 Net change in cash 60 85 Discontinued operations (0) (2) Group net change in cash 60 83 The Group generated a Free Cash Flow of 34 million Euros in FY’23 while managing its working capital needs and continuing to invest in capital expenditure to support its expansion. This compares to a 42 million Euros Free Cash Flow in FY’22. Tightly monitored by the Group  the cash outflow from working capital amounted to 96 million Euros in FY’23 (compared to 52 million Euros in FY’22) as a result of a 36 million Euros increase in inventories  and a 112 million Euros increase in trade receivables mostly reflecting the higher level of activity and a lower amount of downpayments received from customers. These items were partially offset by a 40 million Euros increase in trade payables. Tax paid amounted to 32 million Euros in FY’23. This compares to 2 million Euros the year before  as the Group benefitted from non-recurring adjustments in FY’22. Despite higher working capital cash outflow and higher tax paid  net cash generated by operating activities was slightly up  thanks to the strong increase in EBITDA. Operating cash flow reached 263 million Euros in FY’23 against 255 million Euros in FY’22. The net cash used in investing activities amounted to 228 million Euros in FY’23  up 7% from 213 million Euros in FY’22. Including investments financed through leasing contracts  which accounted for 16 million Euros in FY’23  total cash out related to investing activities amounted to 244 million Euros. Capital expenditure breaks down as follows: 28 million Euros in capitalized R&D investments mainly dedicated to SmartSiC technology 191 million Euros in capacity investments in Bernin and in Singapore  mainly dedicated to 300-mm SOI  and to a lesser extent to POI and SiC other investments for 25 million Euros (innovation tools  IT  etc.).Net cash generated from financing activities of continuing operations amounted to 20 million Euros in FY’23  essentially reflecting a net increase in borrowings. In FY’22  net cash generated by financing activities amounted to 37 million Euros. In total  including a 6 million Euros positive impact of exchange rate fluctuations  net cash generated by continuing operations reached 60 million Euros in FY’23 compared to 85 million Euros in FY’22. Overall  Soitec further increased its cash position  which went up from 728 million Euros on March 31st  2022  to 788 million Euros on March 31st  2023. Sound balance sheet maintained Thanks to the strong performance achieved in FY’23  Soitec has maintained a very sound balance sheet. Tangible assets increased by 143 million Euros in FY’23 as a result of further industrial capacity investments in Bernin and Singapore  but also capitalized development projects and new leasing contracts.Shareholders’ equity increased by 262 million Euros in FY’23 to 1 306 million Euros on March 31st  2023  mainly thanks to the net profit generated during the period. Financial debt stood at 648 million Euros on March 31st  2023. This represents a 62 million Euros increase compared to March 31st  2022  mainly reflecting a 52 million Euros net increase in borrowings and a 21 million Euros net increase in property leases and leasing contracts  partially offset by a 17 million Euros drop in the mark-to-market value of financial derivatives related to currency hedging. The increase in financial debt was almost identical to the increase in cash and cash equivalents.Soitec has therefore maintained its positive net cash position5 at 140 million Euros on March 31st  2023 against 142 million Euros on March 31st  2022. FY’24 outlook confirmed Soitec confirms anticipating FY’24 revenue to be stable year on year at constant exchange rates and perimeter  and EBITDA1 margin2 to remain around 36%. A weaker smartphone market with a strong inventory correction is expected to weigh on Mobile communications revenue  especially during the first half of FY’24  while further strong demand is anticipated for both Automotive & Industrial and Smart Devices. H1’24 total revenue is therefore expected to decline at constant exchange rates and perimeter by around -15% year-on-year  while a strong acceleration is expected in H2’24. In addition  Soitec expects FY’24 capital expenditure to reach around 300 million Euros  essentially reflecting capacity investments planned to support future growth. Capital expenditure will be dedicated to SOI products through additional capacity investments at Singapore 300-mm SOI existing facility as well as the building of Singapore facility extension and 300-mm refresh capacity in Bernin IV. Investments will also cover further investments in SmartSIC tools (150 & 200-mm) planned in Bernin IV  and ongoing investments in innovation (including capitalized R&D) to develop new generations of products. FY’26 financial model Soitec confirms anticipating significant growth in each of its three end markets and new products and managing its business to reach in FY’26: a targeted revenue of around $2.1 billion an EBITDA1 margin2 target of around 40% (at a 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate). These targets are supported by Soitec’s strong portfolio with further growth expected both in existing products (FD-SOI  RF-SOI  Power-SOI and Photonics-SOI) and in new products (especially SiC  POI and GaN) coming in the three end markets  i.e. Mobile communications  Automotive & Industrial and Smart devices. Soitec will provide more information during its Capital Markets Day on June 8th  2023. Key events of FY’23 CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics to advance next generation FD-SOI roadmap for automotive  IoT and mobile applications On April 8th  2022  leading semiconductor players CEA  Soitec  GlobalFoundries and STMicroelectronics announced a new collaboration in which they intend to jointly define the industry’s next generation roadmap for FD-SOI technology. Semiconductors and FD-SOI innovation are of strategic value to France and the EU as well as to customers globally. FD-SOI offers substantial benefits for designers and customer systems  including lower power consumption as well as easier integration of additional features such as connectivity and security  a key feature for automotive  IoT and mobile applications. Soitec released its first 200-mm silicon carbide SmartSiC™ wafer On May 4th  2022  Soitec announced the release of its first 200-mm silicon carbide SmartSiC™ wafer  from the pilot line at its Substrate Innovation Center. The release enabled Soitec to demonstrate the quality and performance of 200-mm SmartSiC™ engineered substrates and to conduct a first round of key customer validations. The addition of 200-mm is enlarging Soitec’s SiC product portfolio beyond 150-mm and accelerate customers’ SiC roadmap. Soitec announced the extension of its Pasir Ris Facility to produce 300mm SOI wafers On June 8th  2022  Soitec announced the extension of its Pasir Ris facility in Singapore  with the objective to add a new capacity of 1 million wafers per year. Soitec expects the construction of this extension to start in FY’23  and the fab to enter into operation by the end of FY’25. The robust level of customer demand gives Soitec enough visibility to accelerate the launch of this extension  which was initially planned for FY’26. Combining Bernin and Pasir Ris  Soitec’s total 300-mm SOI production capacity will ultimately reach 2.7 million wafers per year. The extension of Pasir Ris is also due to include additional refresh and epitaxy capacities. STMicroelectronics and GlobalFoundries to advance FD-SOI ecosystem with new 300mm manufacturing facility in France On July 11th  2022  STMicroelectronics and GlobalFoundries announced the creation of a new  jointly-operated 300-mm semiconductor manufacturing facility adjacent to ST’s existing site in Crolles  France. This new facility will support several technologies  in particular FD-SOI-based technologies  and will cover multiple variants. This includes GF’s market leading FDX technology and ST’s comprehensive technology roadmap down to 18nm  which are expected to remain in high demand for Automotive  IoT  and Mobile applications for the next few decades. The facility is targeted to ramp at full capacity by 2026  with up to 620 000 wafers per year production at full build-out. Pierre Barnabé succeeds Paul Boudre as CEO On July 26th  2022  Soitec held its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  during which Pierre Barnabé was appointed director of the Company. As planned  he succeeded Paul Boudre as Chief Executive Officer on the same day. Pierre Barnabé joined Soitec on May 1st  2022  and he has been working closely with Paul Boudre and the Executive Committee during this period to ensure an effective transition. Acquisition of the remaining 20% of Dolphin Design On October 27th  2022  Soitec exercised its call option to increase its stake in Dolphin Design SAS to 100%  acquiring an additional 20% of the capital from its partner MBDA. Soitec will own 100% of the share capital of Dolphin Design SAS upon closing of the transfer. Since Dolphin Design SAS is already fully consolidated at 100% in Soitec consolidated accounts due to the existence of this option  this acquisition will have no effect on the accounts of the Group. Sustainability report release On November 23rd  2022  Soitec released its second sustainability report  stressing both achievements and ambitious targets in support of its 2026 strategic roadmap. Highlights include i) the creation of Soitec’s Board of Directors' ESG Committee last September  ii) Soitec becoming the fourth semiconductor company worldwide to have its greenhouse gas emission reduction targets aligned with the 1.5°C ambition validated by the SBTi  and iii) winning the 2021 SEMI Industry Leader in Diversity and Inclusion award on November 16  2022 in recognition of its innovative and pioneering policies and achievements. STMicroelectronics and Soitec cooperate on SiC substrate manufacturing technology On December 1st  2022  STMicroelectronics and Soitec announced the next stage of their cooperation on Silicon Carbide (SiC) substrates  with the qualification of Soitec’s SiC substrate technology by STMicroelectronics planned over the next 18 months. The goal of this cooperation is the adoption by STMicroelectronics of Soitec’s SmartSiC™ technology for its future 200mm substrate manufacturing  feeding its devices and modules manufacturing business  with volume production expected in the medium term. The combination of Soitec’s SmartSiC™ substrates with STMicroelectronics’ industry-leading silicon carbide technology and expertise is a game-changer for automotive chip manufacturing. As the automotive industry is facing major disruption with the advent of electric vehicles  the transition from 150mm to 200mm SiC wafers will bring substantial advantages to automotive and industrial customers as they accelerate the transition towards the electrification of their systems and products. Soitec breaks ground on Singapore fab extension to grow its global semiconductor wafer production capacity On December 9th  2022  Soitec formally broke ground on the construction of its wafer fab extension at Singapore’s Pasir Ris Wafer Fab Park. The ceremony was held in the presence of Low Yen Ling  Singapore’s Minister of State for Trade and Industry  and Her Excellency  Minh-di Tang  Ambassador of France to Singapore. The fab extension will enable Soitec to double the annual production capacity at its Pasir Ris site  in Singapore  to around two million 300mm SOI (Silicon-on-Insulators) wafers. The capacity ramp-up is part of Soitec's strategic growth plan to address the increasing global demand for engineered wafers and complements its investments at its main hub in France. The extension in Singapore will add 45 000 square meters of fab space and double Soitec’s Singapore workforce to more than 600 by 2026. Post-closing event Soitec and SAWNICS announce Process Design Kit (PDK) to accelerate high-performance RF filter design for 5G smartphones On April 26th  2023  Soitec and SAWNICS  which offers a best-in-class foundry service for Surface Acoustic Wave (SAW) filters  announced the availability of a Process Design Kit (PDK) based on Soitec’s Connect Piezo-on-Insulator (POI) substrates. The SAWNICS PDK provides a reliable reference guide validated on Soitec Connect POI products  to support the design and volume manufacturing of advanced RF filters. It will greatly simplify and accelerate the development and production of filters on Connect POI products by reducing the number of design iterations while meeting increasingly stringent 5G requirements. # # # Soitec will host a Capital Markets Day in Paris on June 8th  2023  at 14:00pm CET. FY’23 results will be commented during this analyst and investor meeting  which will be held in English. The live webcast and slide presentation will be available on: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/soitec/20230608_1/ # # # Agenda Soitec’s Annual General Meeting will be held on July 25th  2023. Q1’24 revenue is due to be published on July 26th  2023  after market close. Going forward  Soitec intends to change its financial reporting calendar by combining Q2 revenue and H1 results publications together  and Q4 revenue and FY results together. Consequently: Q2’24 revenue and H1’24 results will be released around mid-November 2023 Q4’24 revenue and FY’24 results will be released in the second half of May 2024. No change is expected in the usual timing of Q1 and Q3 revenue releases. # # # Disclaimer This document is provided by Soitec (the “Company”) for information purposes only. The Company’s business operations and financial position are described in the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document (which notably includes the 2021-2022 Annual Financial Report) which was filed on June 20  2022 with the French stock market authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under number D.22-0523  as well as in the Company’s 2022-2023 half-year report released on November 23  2022. The French versions of the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and of the 2022-2023 half-year report  together with English courtesy translations for information purposes of both documents  are available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com)  in the section Company - Investors - Financial Reports. Your attention is drawn to the risk factors described in Chapter 2.1 of the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document. This document contains summary information and should be read in conjunction with the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2022-2023 half-year report. This document contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements relate to the Company’s future prospects  developments and strategy and are based on analyses of earnings forecasts and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties as they relate to future events and are dependent on circumstances that may or may not materialize in the future. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of the Company’s future performance. The occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements. In addition  the future consequences of geopolitical conflicts  in particular the Ukraine / Russia situation  as well as rising inflation  may result in greater impacts than currently anticipated in these forward-looking statements. The Company’s actual financial position  results and cash flows  as well as the trends in the sector in which the Company operates may differ materially from those contained in this document. Furthermore  even if the Company’s financial position  results  cash-flows and the developments in the sector in which the Company operates were to conform to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  such elements cannot be construed as a reliable indication of the Company’s future results or developments. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or make any correction to any forward-looking statement in order to reflect an event or circumstance that may occur after the date of this document. In addition  the occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements. This document does not constitute or form part of an offer or a solicitation to purchase  subscribe for  or sell the Company’s securities in any country whatsoever. This document  or any part thereof  shall not form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any contract  commitment or investment decision. Notably  this document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  subscribe for or to sell securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from the registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company’s shares have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any other person intends to conduct a public offering of the Company’s securities in the United States. # # # About Soitec Soitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 700 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.” Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec. # # # For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_Official Investor Relations:investors@soitec.comMedia contacts:Isabelle Laurent+33 6 42 37 54 17 isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frFabrice Baron+33 6 14 08 29 81fabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr # # # Soitec is a French joint-stock corporation with a Board of Directors (Société Anonyme à Conseil d’administration) with a share capital of €71 178 834 having its registered office located at Parc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques - 38190 Bernin (France)  and registered with the Grenoble Trade and Companies Register under number 384 711 909. # # # Consolidated financial statements in appendix include: FY’23 consolidated income statementBalance sheet at March 31 st   2023  2023 FY’23 consolidated cash-flows# # #Consolidated financial statements for FY’23 As previously reported  Soitec’s refocus on Electronics operations decided in January 2015 was nearly completed on March 31st  2016. Consequently  the FY’23 residual income and expenses relating to Solar and Other activities are reported under ‘Net result from discontinued operations’  below the ‘Operating income’ line  meaning that down to the line ‘Net result after tax from continuing operations’  the consolidated income statement fully and exclusively reflects the Electronics activity as well as the Group’s corporate functions expenses. This was already the case in FY’22 financial statements. Consolidated income statement FY’23 FY’22 (Euro millions) (endedMarch 31  2023) (endedMarch 31  2022) Revenue 1 089 863 Cost of sales (686) (547) Gross profit 402 316 Sales and marketing expenses (16) (15) Research and development expenses (64) (57) General and administrative expenses (55) (49) Current operating income 267 195 Other operating income / (expenses) 0 10 Operating income 268 205 Financial income 6 13 Financial expenses (15) (14) Financial income / (expense) (10) (1) Profit before tax 258 204 Income tax (26) (2) Net profit from continuing operations 232 202 Net loss from discontinued operations 1 (0) Consolidated net profit 233 202 Non-controlling interests - - Net profit  Group share 233 202Basic earnings per share (in €) 6.63 5.98 Diluted earnings per share (in €) 6.41 5.63 Number of shares 35 133 150 33 753 666 Number of diluted shares 37 240 396 37 181 632 Balance sheet at March 31 st   2023 Assets March 31  2023 March 31  2022 (Euro millions) Non-current assets: Intangible assets 128 108 Property  plant and equipment 705 562 Non-current financial assets 25 17 Other non-current assets 59 19 Deferred tax assets 67 64 Total non-current assets 985 770 Current assets: Inventories 175 143 Trade receivables 363 280 Other current assets 105 62 Current financial assets 3 4 Cash and cash equivalents 788 728 Total current assets 1 435 1 216 Total assets 2 420 1 986Equity and liabilities March 31  2023 March 31  2022 (Euro millions) Equity: Share capital 71 70 Share premium 229 230 Reserves and retained earnings 994 747 Other reserves 12 (3) Equity  Group Share 1 306 1 044 Total equity 1 306 1 044 Non-current liabilities: Long-term financial debt 578 518 Provisions and other non-current liabilities 80 79 Total non-current liabilities 659 597 Current liabilities: Short-term financial debt 69 68 Trade payables 171 101 Provisions and other current liabilities 216 177 Total current liabilities 456 346 Total equity and liabilities 2 420 1 986 Consolidated cash-flows FY’23 FY’22 (Euro millions) (endedMarch 31  2023) (endedMarch 31  2022) Consolidated net profit 233 202 of which continuing operations 232 202 Depreciation and amortization expense 106 81 Impairment / (depreciation reversals) of assets - (10) Provisions / (reversals of provisions)  net 12 1 Provisions / (reversal of provisions) for retirement benefit obligations  net 0 (4) (Gains)/losses on disposals of assets 0 2 Income tax 26 2 Financial expense 10 1 Share-based payments 14 20 Other non-cash items (8) 14 Items related to discontinued operations (1) (0) EBITDA2 391 308 of which continuing operations 391 309 Increase / (decrease) in cash relating to: Inventories (36) (31) Trade receivables (112) (48) Trade payables 40 15 Other receivables and liabilities 11 12 Income tax paid (32) (2) Change in working capital and income tax paid (129) (54) of which continuing operations (129) (54) Net cash generated by operating activities 262 254 of which continuing operations 263 255FY’23 FY’22 (Euro millions) (endedMarch 31  2023) (endedMarch 31  2022) Net cash generated by operating activities 262 254 of which continuing operations 263 255 Purchases of intangible assets (42) (24) Purchases of property  plant and equipment (186) (181) Proceeds from disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment 0 1 Acquisition of a subsidiary  net of cash acquired - (8) (Acquisitions) and disposals of financial assets (5) (2) Interest received 4 0 Net cash used in investing activities (1) (228) (213) of which continuing operations (1) (228) (213) Loans and drawdowns on credit lines 80 64 Repayment of borrowings (including leases) (48) (25) Non-controlling interests (3) 2 Interest paid (7) (4) Other financing flows (1) - Financing flows related to discontinued operations (0) (2) Net cash generated from financing activities 20 36 of which continuing operations 20 37 Effects of exchange rate fluctuations 6 6 Change in net cash 60 83 of which continuing operations 60 85 Cash at beginning of the period 728 644 Cash at end of the period 788 728(1) According to IFRS  the cash used in investing activities is calculated net of investments financed through leasing  which accounted for 16 million Euros in FY’23 and 16 million Euros in FY’22. Total cash out related to investing activities therefore amounted to 244 million Euros in FY’23 and 229 million Euros in FY’22. [1] The EBITDA represents operating income (EBIT) before depreciation  amortization  impairment of non-current assets  non-cash items relating to share-based payments  provisions for impairment of current assets and for contingencies and expenses  and disposals gains and losses. This alternative indicator of performance is a non-IFRS quantitative measure used to measure the company’s ability to generate cash from its operating activities. EBITDA is not defined by an IFRS standard and must not be considered an alternative to any other financial indicator. [2] EBITDA margin = EBITDA from continuing operations / Revenue. [3] Audit procedures were completed  and the audit report is in the process of being issued. [4] The scope effect related to the acquisition of NovaSiC SAS  the closing of which took place on December 29  2021  had no material impact on Soitec’s revenue.5[] The net cash position represents cash and cash equivalents less financial debt  a positive net cash position meaning cash and cash equivalents are higher than financial debt. A net debt position meaning cash and cash equivalents are lower than financial debt. Attachment Soitec_FY23 results_VEAll news about SOITEC 08:04a UBS Confirms Soitec at Buy Rating MT 02:01a Soitec capital markets day expanding our sustainable value-creation model GL 02:00a Soitec S.A. Provides Earnings Guidance for the Fiscal Year 2026 CI 06/07 Soitec reports full-year results of fiscal year 2023 GL 06/07 Soitec S.A. Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended March 31  2023 CI 06/01 Soitec : Document AMF CP. 2023E912928 PU 05/31 SOITEC : Monthly statement on voting rights CO 05/10 New entries in the European portfolio 05/04 Soitec : Document AMF CP. 2023E898394 PU 04/30 SOITEC : Monthly statement on voting rights CO Analyst Recommendations on SOITEC 08:04a UBS Confirms Soitec at Buy Rating MT 2021 Analyst recommendations: Apple  Aviva  Biogen  Comerica Incorpor.. 2021 Analyst recommendations: Anglo American  Pfizer  Rolls-Royce  Ni..,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['SOITEC REPORTS', 'FULL-YEAR RESULTS', 'FISCAL YEAR', 'Higher 300-mm SOI wafer sales', '1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate', 'EBITDA1 margin2 Consolidated income statement', 'global smartphone market slowdown', 'SOITEC REPORTS FULL-YEAR RESULTS', 'Power-SOI wafer sales', 'Current operating income', 'constant exchange rates', 'multiple email addresses', 'Free Cash Flow', 'Smart Devices markets', 'positive currency impact', '5G high-end smartphones', 'long-term customer agreements', 'front end modules', 'different design architectures', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'greater semiconductor content', 'ambitious growth targets', 'highest EBITDA margin', 'Mobile communications revenue', 'EBITDA 1 margin 2 target', 'strong industrial performance', 'Strong revenue growth', 'temporary slowdown', 'smartphone one', 'Consolidated revenue', 'great results', 'Strong dynamics', 'solid performance', 'organic growth', 'Sharp growth', 'revenue target', 'significant investments', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'financial statements3', 'Pierre Barnabé', 'complex environment', 'true demonstration', 'commercial success', 'tremendous job', 'unwavering commitment', 'future expansion', 'Gross profit', 'Net research', 'development expenses', 'administrative expenses', 'continuing operations', '1,089 million Euros', '863 million Euros', '731 million Euros', 'RF-SOI wafers', 'radiofrequency applications', 'ongoing ramp-up', 'Singapore facility', 'adoption phase', 'POI wafers', 'RF filters', 'several customers', '141 million Euros', 'new vehicles', 'autonomous driving', 'functional safety', 'growing proportion', 'hybrid vehicles', 'SmartSiC offering', 'FISCAL YEAR', 'transition year', 'FD-SOI wafers', 'total revenue', 'Industrial revenue', 'First name', 'automotive industry', 'production capacity', 'FY’24 guidance', '19% growth', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'basis', 'perimeter', 'FY23', 'business', 'Bernin', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'June', 'designing', 'March', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'CEO', 'line', 'terms', 'teams', 'way', 'innovation', 'improvement', 'part', '22 % change', 'general', 'context', 'demand', 'penetration', 'meantime', 'rise', 'digitalization', 'infotainment', 'electrification', 'electric', 'addition']",2023-06-07,2023-06-08,marketscreener.com
25903,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-06/59296597-dbv-technologies-s-a-dbv-technologies-to-participate-in-upcoming-eaaci-congress-2023-399.htm,DBV Technologies S.A.: DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI Congress 2023,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI Congress 2023 DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV - ISIN: FR0010417345 - Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced upcoming participation in the European Academy of ...,"Montrouge  France  June 8  2023DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI Congress 2023DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV - ISIN: FR0010417345 - Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced upcoming participation in the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) Congress  June 9 - 11  2023  in Hamburg  Germany. DBV will present three posters and will also host a symposium and exhibit booth in the EAACI exhibit hall.Data to be presented during the scientific sessions will describe the current burden of peanut allergy and treatment management strategies for children in the U.K. DBV will also present data from its completed EPITOPE Phase 3 study assessing the efficacy and safety of epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT) using Viaskin Peanut in toddlers aged 1-3 years with or without concomitant asthma. The toddler age-group represents the age range in which many peanut-allergic children are diagnosed  yet there are currently no approved therapies for this patient population.""We know that there is an urgent unmet need for treatment options in toddlers living with a peanut allergy  and thatno FDA or EMA approved therapies currently exist for those under the age of four years old "" said Daniel Tasse  Chief Executive Officer  DBV Technologies. ""That is why we areworking hard to advance our science for this patient population and are pleased to have a significant presence at EAACI again this year to share our progress and participate in academic discussions with the many global allergy and immunology thought leaders who will be in attendance.""DBV's symposium  ""Addressing the Burden of Patients Living with Peanut Allergy""  will be co-chaired by Stefania Arasi  MD  PhD  MSc  Pediatric Allergist & Researcher at Paediatric Allergy Unit  Bambino Gesù Children Research Hospital (IRCCS) in Rome  EAACI Pediatric Section Chair and Susanne Lau  MD  PhD  Deputy Head of Pediatric Respiratory Medicine  Immunology and Critical Care Medicine Department  Charité Medical University of Berlin. It will include lectures by Sabine Schnadt  of the German Allergy and Asthma Association  Mönchengladbach  Germany  on the value of thresholds of reaction and Dr. George du Toit  of King's College London  on data from the Company's Phase 3 EPITOPE study  respectively.""We look forward to presentingthe EPITOPE Phase 3 data at EAACI this year. The development of a well-tolerated and convenient treatment option continues to bea primary focus for DBV and we believe the data to be presentedwill show ourongoing commitment and efforts to progress the development of this potential treatment option for underserved patients "" said Dr. Pharis Mohideen  Chief Medical Officer  DBV Technologies. ""Our symposium will address a theme that peanut-allergycaregivers know well: the burdens that patients face in living with their condition. As a food allergy parent  I believe it is critical that we continue to engage in this open dialogue on how we canhelp improve lives for patients and families in a meaningful way.""Symposium""Addressing the Burden of Patients Living with Peanut Allergy"" will be chaired by Dr. Stefania Arasi and Dr. Susanne LauDate and location: Saturday  10 June  12:00 - 13:00 CEST  Hall ELectures: "" Introduction  "" Dr. Stefania Arasi "" Managing the risk of patients with peanut allergy: the value of thresholds of reaction  "" Dr. Sabine Schnadt "" Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for peanut allergy: an update  "" Dr. George du Toit "" Conclusion  "" Susanne LauScientific Presentations""Characteristics and current management strategies of children diagnosed with peanut allergy (PA) in the United Kingdom (UK)""Session title: Food allergy 1Session date and time: Friday  9 June  2023  12:00 - 13:00 CEST""Health state utilities in children with peanut allergy and their parents: a UK vignette study""Session title: Food allergy 2Session date and time: Saturday  10 June  2023  12:00 - 13:00 CEST""Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy (EPIT) for Peanut Allergy in Subjects Aged 1-3 Years With and Without Concomitant Asthma in the EPITOPE Study""Session title: Asthma 3Session date and time: Sunday  11 June  2023  12:45 - 13:45 CESTAbout EPITOPEEPITOPE) enrolled 413 subjects (51 in Part A and 362 in Part B) in approximately 50 centers across North America (Canada and the United States)  Europe and Australia. The EPITOPE trial was a two-part trial: Part A was designed to assess the safety of Viaskin Peanut 100 µg and 250 µg and to determine the highest safe dose  and Part B was designed to assess the efficacy and safety of the selected dose. Based on the results of Part A  the 250 µg dose was selected for Part B. In Part B  subjects were randomized 2:1 to receive Viaskin Peanut 250 µg or placebo.The primary endpoint was based on a responder analysis after 12 months of treatment with the selected dose of Viaskin Peanut. As a secondary efficacy endpoint  cumulative reactive dose (CRD) was also evaluated in EPITOPE to establish the total quantity of peanut protein that triggers subject reactions at month 12 of active treatment versus placebo. Serological markers were also measured at baseline  3  6 and 12 months in order to characterize the immunological changes in subjects. There were no limitations on activities of daily living in this trial. Participants were able to go about their normal lives without restrictions  including playing  showering  or swimming.Following the completion of EPITOPE  all eligible subjects had the option to rollover into EPOPEX  a long-term  open-label extension study of Viaskin Peanut 250 µg. Now that the EPITOPE study results are publicly available  subjects enrolled in the EPOPEX study will be unblinded to their respective treatment group in EPITOPE.In June 2022  DBV Technologies announced positive topline results from EPITOPE. Viaskin Peanut demonstrated a statistically significant treatment effectAbout DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT  and is DBV Technologies' method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies' food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company's ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company's ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV Technologies' clinical development and regulatory plans with respect to Viaskin Peanut for the treatment of toddlers ages 1-3 years old  the therapeutic potential of Viaskin Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children more broadly  the ability of any of the Company's product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies  designs of the Company's anticipated clinical trials  safety studies and HF studies  and the timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties  including risks inherent to the clinical development and regulatory process  as well as market conditions and other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies' regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (""AMF"")  DBV Technologies' filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2563katie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,True,English,"['DBV Technologies S.A', 'Upcoming EAACI Congress', 'Bambino Gesù Children Research Hospital', 'Critical Care Medicine Department', 'Dr. George du Toit', 'EAACI Pediatric Section Chair', 'Dr. Susanne Lau Date', 'Pediatric Respiratory Medicine', 'Dr. Pharis Mohideen', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'urgent unmet need', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Charité Medical University', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Health state utilities', 'Dr. Stefania Arasi', 'current management strategies', 'Dr. Sabine Schnadt', 'treatment management strategies', 'convenient treatment option', 'potential treatment option', 'many peanut-allergic children', 'many global allergy', 'Paediatric Allergy Unit', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'immunology thought leaders', 'Hall E Lectures', 'highest safe dose', 'cumulative reactive dose', 'EAACI exhibit hall', 'EPITOPE Phase 3 study', 'Phase 3 EPITOPE study', 'UK vignette study', 'food allergy parent', 'Upcoming EAACI Congress', 'secondary efficacy endpoint', 'EPITOPE Phase 3 data', 'Viaskin Peanut 250 µg', 'Pediatric Allergist', 'EAACI) Congress', 'upcoming participation', 'exhibit booth', 'Session date', 'primary endpoint', 'treatment options', 'peanut allergy', 'German Allergy', 'peanut protein', 'European Academy', 'Clinical Immunology', 'three posters', 'scientific sessions', 'U.K.', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', '1-3 years', 'toddler age-group', 'patient population', 'Daniel Tasse', 'significant presence', 'academic discussions', 'Deputy Head', 'Mönchengladbach', 'College London', 'primary focus', 'open dialogue', 'meaningful way', 'Scientific Presentations', 'United Kingdom', 'Session title', 'Part A', 'Part B', 'North America', 'United States', 'EPITOPE trial', 'two-part trial', 'responder analysis', 'total quantity', 'current burden', 'concomitant asthma', 'Asthma Association', '250 µg dose', 'age range', 'DBV Technologies', 'underserved patients', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'June', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Hamburg', 'Germany', 'symposium', 'safety', 'toddlers', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'science', 'progress', 'attendance', 'MD', 'PhD', 'MSc', 'Researcher', 'IRCCS', 'Rome', 'Berlin', 'value', 'thresholds', 'reaction', 'development', 'tolerated', 'commitment', 'efforts', 'theme', 'peanut-allergycaregivers', 'burdens', 'condition', 'lives', 'families', 'location', 'Saturday', '13:00 CEST', 'Introduction', 'risk', 'update', 'Conclusion', 'Characteristics', 'time', 'Friday', 'parents', 'Subjects', 'Sunday', '13:45 CEST', '50 centers', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'results', 'placebo', '12 months', 'CRD', '12:00']",2023-06-05,2023-06-08,finanznachrichten.de
25904,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1106413363/Euronext-Announces-Volumes-For-May-2023,Euronext Announces Volumes For May 2023,June 202 3 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for May 2023. Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address: Euronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure ,"(MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire - Nasdaq)C ontact s Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +31 20 721 4133 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for May 202 3Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 June 202 3 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for May 2023.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:CONTACTS MEDIA – Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam  Brussels) +31 20 721 41 33 Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 Andrea Monzani (Europe  Milan  Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 Sarah Mound (Corporate  Dublin  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 Coralie Patri (Europe  Corporate Services)+33 7 88 34 27 44 ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33About EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed issuers and around €6.8 trillion in market capitalisation as of end March 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe's leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided“as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext's subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at .© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: . In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: . To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at .Attachmenteuronext pr - volumes may 2023 - 08 -06-23Attachments Euronext PR - Volumes May 2023 - 08 -06-23...",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Volumes', 'May', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'Euronext N.V.', 'intellectual property rights', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'CONTACTS MEDIA', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Euronext Clearing', 'MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire', 'C ontact', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,930 listed issuers', 'end March', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'applicable rules', 'euronext pr', 'Corporate Services', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Nasdaq', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'May', '8 June', 'address', 'Rome', '44 ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'order', 'regard', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'accordance', 'data-subjects', 'rights-request', 'Attachment', '02']",2023-06-08,2023-06-08,menafn.com
25905,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1106413960/FIFA-Announces-AB-Inbev-As-Official-Beer-Sponsor-Of-FIFA-Womens-World-Cup-2023TM-And-FIFA-World-Cup-2026TM,FIFA Announces AB Inbev As Official Beer Sponsor Of FIFA Women's World Cup 2023TM And FIFA World Cup 2026TM,(business wire )--AB InBev (Euronext: ABI) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) (NYSE: BUD)  the world's leading brewer  has extended its nearly 40-year partnership with FIFA as the official beer sponsor of the FIFA Women's World Cup 2023TM and the FIFA World Cup 2026TM.,(business wire )--AB InBev (Euronext: ABI) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) (NYSE: BUD)  the world's leading brewer  has extended its nearly 40-year partnership with FIFA as the official beer sponsor of the FIFA Women's World Cup 2023TM and the FIFA World Cup 2026TM.The two tournaments will make history with notable firsts  providing AB InBev and its leading brands with new opportunities to brew excitement for fans all around the world. The FIFA Women's World CupTM will make its debut in the southern hemisphere in Australia and Aotearoa New Zealand next month  with 32 teams also taking part in the competition for the first time. The FIFA World Cup 2026TM  meanwhile  will be the first to be hosted by three countries  with 48 participating teams and 104 matches in 16 cities across Canada  Mexico and the United States.“FIFA World Cup tournaments are the most popular sporting events in the world. We are deeply connected to the fans and to football all over the world  which is why we're excited about extending the relationship with FIFA ” said Marcel Marcondes  Chief Marketing Officer  AB InBev.“Cheering and celebrating over a beer is a part of the experience for billions of football fans. We're proud to continue offering new  meaningful ways to engage with fans and give unrivalled  immersive experiences that connect them to the sport that they love.”“We are proud to renew this successful partnership  which will undoubtedly reach new heights in 2023 and 2026 ” said FIFA Chief Business Officer Romy Gai.“As one of our longest-standing sponsors  AB InBev's investment will benefit the game  as well as football development all over the world  while bringing creativity and excitement to the experience that football fans will have during our most iconic tournaments.”About AB InBevAB InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life's moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona® and Stella Artois®; multi-country brands Beck's®  Hoegaarden®  Leffe® and Michelob ULTRA®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 167 000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2022  AB InBev's reported revenue was 57.8 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).View source version on businesswire.com:,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Official Beer Sponsor', 'FIFA World Cup', 'AB Inbev', 'Women', 'FIFA Chief Business Officer Romy Gai', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'The FIFA World Cup', 'FIFA World Cup tournaments', 'popular sporting events', 'unrivalled, immersive experiences', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Johannesburg gold rush', 'The FIFA Women', 'Aotearoa New Zealand', 'Den Hoorn brewery', 'official beer sponsor', 'new, meaningful ways', 'business wire', 'new ways', 'stock exchanges', 'two tournaments', 'new opportunities', 'new heights', 'iconic tournaments', 'meaningful impact', 'Co brewery', 'first brewery', 'leading brewer', '40-year partnership', 'notable firsts', 'leading brands', 'southern hemisphere', 'United States', 'Marcel Marcondes', 'successful partnership', 'longest-standing sponsors', 'secondary listings', 'South Africa', 'great brands', 'best beers', 'finest ingredients', 'diverse portfolio', '500 beer brands', 'global brands', 'Stella Artois', 'multi-country brands', 'Michelob ULTRA', 'local champions', 'Modelo Especial', 'brewing heritage', 'European roots', 'pioneering spirit', 'St. Louis', 'balanced exposure', 'developing markets', 'collective strengths', 'source version', 'Castle Brewery', 'World CupTM', 'football development', 'AB InBev', 'Castle Lite', 'first time', 'three countries', '48 participating teams', 'Bud Light®', 'football fans', 'Castle®', '32 teams', '50 countries', 'Euronext', 'ABI', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'JSE', 'ANH', 'NYSE', 'history', 'excitement', 'debut', 'Australia', 'competition', '104 matches', '16 cities', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'relationship', 'billions', 'investment', 'game', 'creativity', 'company', 'Leuven', 'Belgium', 'future', 'cheers', 'life', 'moments', 'industry', 'test', 'Budweiser®', 'Corona®', 'Beck', 'Hoegaarden', 'Leffe®', 'Aguila®', 'Antarctica®', 'Brahma®', 'Cass®', 'Cristal', 'Harbin', 'Jupiler', 'Quilmes', 'Victoria®', 'Sedrin', 'Skol', '600 years', 'continents', 'generations', 'creation', 'Bohemia', 'Brazil', '167,000 colleagues', 'revenue', 'JVs', 'associates', 'businesswire', '2022']",2023-06-08,2023-06-08,menafn.com
25906,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/media-conglomerate-vivendi-loses-spot-on-france-s-cac-40-edenred-to-join-1.1930691,Media Conglomerate Vivendi Loses Spot on France's CAC 40; Edenred to Join,Vivendi SE lost its spot on France’s benchmark CAC 40 stocks index  and will be replaced by Edenred  Paris bourse operator Euronext said on Thursday.,(Bloomberg) -- Vivendi SE lost its spot on France’s benchmark CAC 40 stocks index  and will be replaced by Edenred  Paris bourse operator Euronext said on Thursday.The decision  which is set to come into effect from June 19  follows the drop in the media conglomerate’s shares in May when major shareholder Bollore Group said a takeover of the company was not on the cards.“Euronext’s decision to exit Vivendi is a technical one and doesn’t put into question Vivendi’s fundamentals ” a Vivendi spokesman said.Vivendi’s shares have fallen 6.5% this year  underperforming an 8.5% gain for the broader Stoxx Media Index. That’s while French reward-voucher provider Edenred climbed about 20% this year  taking its market value to 15 billion euros  nearly double that of Vivendi.Membership of major benchmarks has gained importance in recent years  given the dominance of so-called tracker funds. Exclusion could see stocks subject to selling pressure from such funds  which look to mirror the performance of a gauge.--With assistance from Kit Rees.©2023 Bloomberg L.P.,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.41,0.26,True,English,"['Media Conglomerate Vivendi', 'Spot', 'France', 'CAC', 'Edenred', 'broader Stoxx Media Index', 'benchmark CAC 40 stocks index', 'Paris bourse operator', 'French reward-voucher provider', 'Bloomberg L.P.', 'media conglomerate', 'major shareholder', 'Bollore Group', 'technical one', 'market value', '15 billion euros', 'major benchmarks', 'recent years', 'Kit Rees', 'tracker funds', 'Vivendi SE', 'Vivendi spokesman', 'spot', 'France', 'Edenred', 'Euronext', 'Thursday', 'decision', 'effect', 'June', 'drop', 'shares', 'May', 'takeover', 'company', 'cards', 'question', 'fundamentals', '8.5% gain', 'Membership', 'importance', 'dominance', 'Exclusion', 'pressure', 'performance', 'gauge', 'assistance']",2023-06-08,2023-06-08,bnnbloomberg.ca
25907,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/edenred-joins-cac-40-171900179.html,Edenred joins the CAC 40,The decision was made by Euronext Paris’ Expert Indices Committee  with effect from June 19  2023. Edenred’s inclusion in the CAC 40 index is recognition of the Group’s stock market performance since its IPO  on July 2  2010  as part of the demerger ...,EDENREDEdenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  is joining the CAC 40  the Paris stock exchange’s benchmark index. The decision was made by Euronext Paris’ Expert Indices Committee  with effect from June 19  2023.Edenred’s inclusion in the CAC 40 index is recognition of the Group’s stock market performance since its IPO  on July 2  2010  as part of the demerger of the Accor group’s Services business. After radically disrupting its business model  Edenred has today become the everyday platform for people at work  operating in 45 countries. This transformation has resulted in sustainable and profitable growth  enabling Edenred to reach new scale  with its main business and financial indicators (total revenue  EBITDA  net profit  free cash flow) doubling between 2016 and 2022. Over the same period  its market capitalization has more than tripled  from €4.4 billion at the end of 2015 to €15.2 billion on June 8  2023.Edenred has also made ESG a core component of its development. This commitment is reflected in the Group’s CSR policy  “Ideal”  which was launched in 2017  as well as in the positive impact that Edenred’s solutions have on user behavior  in particular by providing access to healthy food and sustainable mobility.Edenred’s inclusion in the CAC 40 comes just a few months after the October 2022 launch of its Beyond 22-25 strategy. Through this plan  Edenred has set itself even more ambitious financial targets than in its previous plan  with a commitment to generate annual like-for-like EBITDA growth of more than 12% and an annual free-cash-flowithEBITDA conversion rate of more than 70%. ESG is also embedded deeply in Beyond 22-25   with stronger extra-financial commitments including reaching net zero carbon by 2050  in line with SBTi targets1.Based on this plan  Edenred believes that it can reasonably aim for total revenue of around €5 billion by 2030  through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. The strong performance recorded since the presentation of Beyond 22-25   as well as the recent acquisition of Reward Gateway  support the Group’s ambitions. As proof  the Group’s share price has risen by over 20% since the announcement  reflecting market confidence in Edenred’s continued trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth.Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “We are proud to be joining the CAC 40  a milestone in Edenred’s history just a few months after being included in the CAC 40 ESG index. I would like to warmly thank Edenred’s 12 000 employees  without whom none of this would have been possible. This honor is proof of the Group’s successful transformation. By connecting 52 million users and two million merchants via close to one million corporate clients  Edenred has established itself as the everyday platform for people at work. Our fully digital  easy-to-use earmarked funds solutions provide fitting  real-world responses to our clients’ needs. Against a backdrop of changing work practices  employee disengagement and the need for better control of fleet expenses  these solutions are more attractive than ever. And because it reflects both our market capitalization and share liquidity  this inclusion in the CAC 40 index is a testament to investors’ confidence in our Beyond 22-25 strategic plan and our prospects for generating sustainable and profitable growth.”▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via close to 1 million corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 12 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73baptiste.fournier@edenred.com1 Science Based Targets initiative  on scopes 1  2 and 3A.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Edenred', 'CAC', 'Euronext Paris’ Expert Indices Committee', 'annual free-cash-flow/EBITDA conversion rate', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'one million corporate clients', 'Beyond 22-25 strategic plan', 'free cash flow', 'stronger extra-financial commitments', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'fitting, real-world responses', 'environmentally friendly products', 'global technology assets', 'prior written consent', 'two million merchants', '2 million partner merchants', '1 million corporate clients', 'leading digital platform', 'net zero carbon', 'stock market performance', 'ambitious financial targets', 'employee engagement platforms', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'changing work practices', 'Edenred S.E.', 'CAC 40 ESG index', 'following indices', '22-25 strategy', 'clients’ needs', '52 million users', 'everyday platform', 'financial indicators', 'net profit', 'SBTi targets', 'strong performance', 'employee disengagement', 'online platforms', 'corporate payments', 'benchmark index', 'market capitalization', 'market confidence', 'employment market', 'everyday companion', 'business model', 'profitable growth', 'new scale', 'main business', 'total revenue', 'same period', 'core component', 'CSR policy', 'positive impact', 'user behavior', 'October 2022 launch', 'previous plan', 'organic growth', 'recent acquisition', 'Reward Gateway', 'share price', 'continued trajectory', 'Bertrand Dumazy', 'fleet expenses', 'share liquidity', 'investors’ confidence', 'meal benefits', 'users’ well', 'purchasing power', 'local economy', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'CONTACTS Communications', 'CAC 40 index', 'funds solutions', 'gift cards', 'commuter solutions', 'virtual cards', 'softer mobility', 'CAC Next', 'healthy food', 'EBITDA growth', 'successful transformation', 'Services business', 'Accor group', 'sustainable mobility', 'people', 'decision', 'effect', 'June', 'inclusion', 'recognition', 'IPO', 'July', 'demerger', '45 countries', 'development', 'Ideal', 'access', 'combination', 'acquisitions', 'presentation', 'ambitions', 'proof', 'announcement', 'Chairman', 'milestone', 'history', '12,000 employees', 'none', 'honor', 'backdrop', 'control', 'testament', 'prospects', 'close', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'connections', 'being', 'attractiveness', 'efficiency', 'ecosystem', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners']",2023-06-08,2023-06-08,uk.finance.yahoo.com
25908,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-06/59295777-edenred-edenred-joins-the-cac-40-399.htm,EDENRED: Edenred joins the CAC 40,The decision was made by Euronext Paris' Expert Indices Committee  with effect from June 19  2023. Edenred's inclusion in the CAC 40 index is recognition of the Group's stock market performance since its IPO  on July 2  2010  as part of the demerger of the ...,"Edenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  is joining the CAC 40  the Paris stock exchange's benchmark index. The decision was made by Euronext Paris' Expert Indices Committee  with effect from June 19  2023.Edenred's inclusion in the CAC 40 index is recognition of the Group's stock market performance since its IPO  on July 2  2010  as part of the demerger of the Accor group's Services business. After radically disrupting its business model  Edenred has today become the everyday platform for people at work  operating in 45 countries. This transformation has resulted in sustainable and profitable growth  enabling Edenred to reach new scale  with its main business and financial indicators (total revenue  EBITDA  net profit  free cash flow) doubling between 2016 and 2022. Over the same period  its market capitalization has more than tripled  from €4.4 billion at the end of 2015 to €15.2 billion on June 8  2023.Edenred has also made ESG a core component of its development. This commitment is reflected in the Group's CSR policy  ""Ideal""  which was launched in 2017  as well as in the positive impact that Edenred's solutions have on user behavior  in particular by providing access to healthy food and sustainable mobility.Edenred's inclusion in the CAC 40 comes just a few months after the October 2022 launch of its Beyond 22-25 strategy. Through this plan  Edenred has set itself even more ambitious financial targets than in its previous plan  with a commitment to generate annual like-for-like EBITDA growth of more than 12% and an annual free-cash-flowithEBITDA conversion rate of more than 70%. ESG is also embedded deeply in Beyond 22-25   with stronger extra-financial commitments including reaching net zero carbon by 2050  in line with SBTi targets1.Based on this plan  Edenred believes that it can reasonably aim for total revenue of around €5 billion by 2030  through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. The strong performance recorded since the presentation of Beyond 22-25   as well as the recent acquisition of Reward Gateway  support the Group's ambitions. As proof  the Group's share price has risen by over 20% since the announcement  reflecting market confidence in Edenred's continued trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth.Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: ""We are proud to be joining the CAC 40  a milestone in Edenred's history just a few months after being included in the CAC 40 ESG index. I would like to warmly thank Edenred's 12 000 employees  without whom none of this would have been possible. This honor is proof of the Group's successful transformation. By connecting 52 million users and two million merchants via close to one million corporate clients  Edenred has established itself as the everyday platform for people at work. Our fully digital  easy-to-use earmarked funds solutions provide fitting  real-world responses to our clients' needs. Against a backdrop of changing work practices  employee disengagement and the need for better control of fleet expenses  these solutions are more attractive than ever. And because it reflects both our market capitalization and share liquidity  this inclusion in the CAC 40 index is a testament to investors' confidence in our Beyond 22-25 strategic plan and our prospects for generating sustainable and profitable growth.""??About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via close to 1 million corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group's purpose  ""Enrich connections. For good.""  these solutions enhance users' well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies' attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred's 12 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.??CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73baptiste.fournier@edenred.com1 Science Based Targets initiative  on scopes 1  2 and 3A.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['EDENRED', 'CAC 40', ""Euronext Paris' Expert Indices Committee"", 'annual free-cash-flow/EBITDA conversion rate', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'one million corporate clients', 'Beyond 22-25 strategic plan', 'free cash flow', 'stronger extra-financial commitments', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'fitting, real-world responses', 'environmentally friendly products', 'global technology assets', 'prior written consent', 'CONTACTS Communications Departmen', 'two million merchants', '2 million partner merchants', '1 million corporate clients', 'leading digital platform', 'net zero carbon', 'stock market performance', 'ambitious financial targets', 'employee engagement platforms', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'changing work practices', 'Edenred S.E.', 'CAC 40 ESG index', 'following indices', '22-25 strategy', ""clients' needs"", '52 million users', 'everyday platform', 'financial indicators', 'net profit', 'SBTi targets', 'strong performance', 'employee disengagement', 'online platforms', 'corporate payments', 'benchmark index', 'market capitalization', 'market confidence', 'employment market', 'CAC 40 index', 'everyday companion', 'business model', 'profitable growth', 'new scale', 'main business', 'total revenue', 'same period', 'core component', 'CSR policy', 'positive impact', 'user behavior', 'October 2022 launch', 'previous plan', 'organic growth', 'recent acquisition', 'Reward Gateway', 'share price', 'continued trajectory', 'Bertrand Dumazy', 'fleet expenses', 'share liquidity', ""investors' confidence"", 'meal benefits', ""users' well-being"", 'purchasing power', 'local economy', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'CAC Next', 'CAC Large', 'healthy food', 'funds solutions', 'gift cards', 'commuter solutions', 'virtual cards', 'healthier food', 'softer mobility', 'EBITDA growth', 'successful transformation', 'Services business', 'Accor group', 'sustainable mobility', 'people', 'decision', 'effect', 'June', 'inclusion', 'recognition', 'IPO', 'July', 'demerger', '45 countries', 'development', 'Ideal', 'access', 'combination', 'acquisitions', 'presentation', 'ambitions', 'proof', 'announcement', 'Chairman', 'milestone', 'history', '12,000 employees', 'none', 'honor', 'backdrop', 'control', 'testament', 'prospects', 'close', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'connections', 'attractiveness', 'efficiency', 'ecosystem', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners']",2023-06-05,2023-06-08,finanznachrichten.de
25909,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/06/08/shares-tread-water-on-mixed-signals/,Mixed economic signals leave share values treading water,Mixed economic signals left markets treading water yesterday. Investors took positive signs from a cooling US jobs market while Canadian central bankers spooked some with an unexpected rate rise.,Shareholders listen as CRH chairman Richie Boucher addresses the group's extraordinary general meeting on Thursday  when a majority backed plans to move its primary listing to New York. Photograph Nick BradshawithThe Irish TimesMixed economic signals left markets treading water yesterday. Investors took positive signs from a cooling US jobs market while Canadian central bankers spooked some with an unexpected rate rise.DUBLINDealers said trade was slow on a day when the biggest news was confirmation that  pending High Court approval  CRH will leave Dublin Euronext in September  depriving the market of a long-standing heavyweight.Shareholders in the multinational building materials giant voted to switch its primary listing to New York from London. The group draws 75 per cent of its income from the US.CRH’s shares gained just short of 1 per cent to close at €46.65 on Thursday. Dealers acknowledged that the company’s listing move would be a big loss. “It’ll be a dark day for the Iseq ” said one.READ MOREAccountability for bankers and how it will work Listen | 46:11Housebuilder Glenveagh climbed 2.81 per cent to €1.089 on an upbeat trading statement indicating strong sales and a boost to planning permissions. The group is sticking with earnings guidance of 7½ to 8 cent a share for this year.Barryroe Offshore Energy’s stock sank a further 25.8 per cent to 1.15 cent after the explorer said it was axing plans to raise €20 million.Minister for the Environment Eamon Ryan recently refused to extend a lease allowing the company to drill an oil prospect off the south coast.Insulation and building materials specialist Kingspan shed 1.09 per cent to €63.80. Bank of Ireland rose 1 per cent to €9.336.LONDONBritain’s main stock index edged lower dragged by a slump in Vodafone shares.The mobile network was down 5.5 per cent at 74.15 pence sterling  its steepest one-day drop in weeks  retreating from a one-week high hit on Wednesday  following a Reuters report that the company and Hutchison are in the final stages of a merger agreement for their British operations.Supermarket Sainsbury shed 3.8 per cent to 267.5p. Home builder Crest Nicholson Holdings dropped 7.1 per cent to 231.6p after warning of a further slowdown in the British housing market.EUROPEEuropean shares dipped on Thursday as rate-sensitive technology shares slipped on expectations of further interest rate hikes by major central banks.Most observers expect the European Central Bank to hike borrowing rates further in a bid to ease inflation that has continued for two years.Gains in energy and drugmakers offset losses in technology. Novartis AG rose 1 per cent to 90.44 Swiss francs after saying its generic-drug unit Sandoz could add $3 billion (€2.8 billion) in sales over the next five years. Microchip maker ASML Holding NV lost 1.8 per cent  the biggest drag on the Stoxx 600 on Thursday.German biotech company Evotec jumped 8.4 per cent to €22.86 after Citigroup raised its rating on the stock to “buy” from “neutral”  on an attractive outlook.SBB  the company at the centre of Sweden’s property crisis  sank 9.3 per cent. The company was sent even further into junk territory by S&P Global Ratings  a move that will worsen the already severe funding crunch.NEW YORKThe tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 rose along with US Treasuries on Thursday after data showing US jobless claims surged more than expected last week. Investors are weighing likely Fed policy after central banks in Canada and Australia unexpectedly raised interest rates this week.The jump in jobless claims to the highest since October 2021 shows that the labour market  while largely resilient  is starting to show signs of cooling. That delivered a boost to the tech sector  which has been flagging under speculation that the Federal Reserve will keep interest rates higher for longer.Among individual movers  Carvana surged 26 per cent on second-quarter guidance  while Gamestop plunged 19 per cent after firing its chief executive and reporting sales that fell short of estimates. — Additional reporting: Bloomberg  Reuters,neutral,0.07,0.86,0.08,mixed,0.13,0.09,0.78,True,English,"['Mixed economic signals', 'share values', 'water', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'CRH chairman Richie Boucher', 'cooling US jobs market', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Photograph Nick Bradshaw', 'The Irish Times', 'Mixed economic signals', 'unexpected rate rise', 'High Court approval', 'multinational building materials', 'upbeat trading statement', 'Environment Eamon Ryan', 'building materials specialist', 'steepest one-day drop', 'one-week high hit', 'Crest Nicholson Holdings', 'ASML Holding NV', 'severe funding crunch', 'next five years', 'interest rate hikes', 'major central banks', 'Barryroe Offshore Energy', 'British housing market', 'Canadian central bankers', 'main stock index', 'US jobless claims', 'German biotech company', 'European Central Bank', 'rate-sensitive technology shares', 'British operations', 'European shares', 'two years', 'US Treasuries', 'labour market', 'interest rates', 'primary listing', 'New York', 'biggest news', 'standing heavyweight', 'big loss', 'Housebuilder Glenveagh', 'planning permissions', 'earnings guidance', '7½ to 8 cent', 'oil prospect', 'south coast', 'Vodafone shares', 'mobile network', '74.15 pence sterling', 'final stages', 'merger agreement', 'Supermarket Sainsbury', 'Home builder', 'Most observers', 'borrowing rates', 'Novartis AG', '90.44 Swiss francs', 'generic-drug unit', 'Microchip maker', 'biggest drag', 'attractive outlook', 'property crisis', 'junk territory', 'Fed policy', 'Federal Reserve', 'individual movers', 'second-quarter guidance', 'chief executive', 'Additional reporting', '75 per cent', '1 per cent', '1.8 per cent', 'positive signs', 'Dublin Euronext', 'listing move', 'dark day', 'Reuters report', 'strong sales', '25.8 per', 'Shareholders', 'group', 'Thursday', 'majority', 'plans', 'markets', 'water', 'Investors', 'Dealers', 'trade', 'confirmation', 'September', 'London', 'income', 'Iseq', 'READ', 'Accountability', 'boost', 'explorer', 'Minister', 'lease', 'Insulation', 'Kingspan', 'Ireland', 'Britain', 'slump', 'weeks', 'Wednesday', 'Hutchison', 'warning', 'slowdown', 'expectations', 'bid', 'inflation', 'Gains', 'drugmakers', 'losses', 'Sandoz', 'Stoxx', 'Evotec', 'SBB', 'centre', 'Sweden', 'data', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'jump', 'October', 'sector', 'speculation', 'Carvana', 'Gamestop', 'estimates', 'Bloomberg', '1.15', '09']",2023-06-08,2023-06-08,irishtimes.com
