UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
48817,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3024730/0/en/New-Sampo-shares-issued-in-the-share-split-registered-with-the-Finnish-Trade-Register.html,New Sampo shares issued in the share split registered with the Finnish Trade Register,Sampo plc  stock exchange release  12 February 2025 at 8:30 am EET  New Sampo shares issued in the share split registered with the Finnish Trade Register...,Sampo plc  stock exchange release  12 February 2025 at 8:30 am EETNew Sampo shares issued in the share split registered with the Finnish Trade RegisterSampo plc announced on 5 February 2025 the resolution by the Board of Directors of Sampo on a share split by way of a share issue without consideration in proportion to shares owned by shareholders. The new Sampo A and B shares are issued to shareholders in proportion to their existing holdings on the record day of the share issuance on 12 February 2025  so that four (4) new A shares are issued for each existing A share and four (4) new B shares are issued for each existing B share. After the share split  shareholders will have five Sampo shares for each old existing Sampo share. The new shares have been registered with the Finnish Trade Register today  12 February 2025.In total  2 152 191 088 new Sampo A shares and 800 000 new B shares were issued in the share split. Following the registration of the new shares  Sampo’s total share count amounts to 2 691 238 860 shares. The total number of A shares is 2 690 238 860 and the total number of votes attached to these shares is 2 690 238 860. The total number of B shares is 1 000 000 and the total number of votes attached to the shares is 5 000 000.Trading in the new A shares on Nasdaq Helsinki  Nasdaq Stockholm (in the form of Swedish depository receipts) and Nasdaq Copenhagen (in the form of share entitlements) is expected to commence on or about 13 February 2025. However  the new Swedish depository receipts are expected to be available on the accounts in Euroclear Sweden on or about 14 February 2025. The share split does not require any action from shareholders nor holders of Swedish depository receipts. The share split will not affect Sampo’s ISIN codes.SAMPO PLCInvestors Relations and Group CommunicationsFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeFIN-FSAThe principal mediawww.sampo.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['New Sampo shares', 'Finnish Trade Register', 'share split', 'new Swedish depository receipts', 'four (4) new A shares', 'four (4) new B shares', 'old existing Sampo share', '2,152,191,088 new Sampo A shares', 'stock exchange release', 'Finnish Trade Register', 'London Stock Exchange', 'existing A share', '800,000 new B shares', 'existing B share', 'New Sampo shares', 'five Sampo shares', 'total share count', 'new shares', 'existing holdings', 'share split', 'share issue', 'share issuance', 'share entitlements', 'Sampo plc', 'record day', 'total number', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'ISIN codes', 'Investors Relations', 'Group Communications', 'Sami Taipalus', 'Investor Relations', 'principal media', '2,691,238,860 shares', 'February', 'EET', 'resolution', 'Board', 'Directors', 'way', 'consideration', 'proportion', 'shareholders', 'registration', 'votes', 'form', 'accounts', 'action', 'Head', 'Distribution', 'FIN-FSA', '8:30']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48818,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3024759/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-WithSecure-Corporation.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure Corporation,WithSecure Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  12 February 2025  10:00 EET  Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure......,WithSecure Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  12 February 2025  10:00 EETNotice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure CorporationThe shareholders of WithSecure Corporation are invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held on Tuesday  18 March 2025 starting at 3:00 p.m. EET.The meeting will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16(2) of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ‘Companies Act’)  so that shareholders may exercise their shareholder rights fully during the meeting either via remote connection or at the meeting venue at event venue Bysa in Clarion Hotel Helsinki at the address Tyynenmerenkatu 2  00220 Helsinki. Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the pre-meeting coffee service will commence at the meeting venue at 2:15 p.m. EET. The participants of the General Meeting are welcome to enjoy meeting refreshments before the meeting. Instructions concerning participation via remote connection are provided in section C. 2. of this notice and instructions concerning advance voting in section C. 3.After the meeting  the participants of the General Meeting have the opportunity to participate in guided tours at the Museum of Malware Art and the new office premises  both of which are located at the Company headquarters at the address Välimerenkatu 1  00180 Helsinki.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors as well as the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting for the year 2024The CEO will give a review of the year 2024 and tell about the Company’s prospects for the year 2025.WithSecure Corporation’s annual review  including WithSecure Corporation’s annual accounts  consolidated annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors as well as the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting  shall be available on the Company’s website at www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance as of 12 February 2025.7. Adoption of the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accountsThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting adopts the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts for the financial year 1 January 2024–31 December 2024.8. Resolution on the use of the loss shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Company’s dividend policy is to pay approximately half of its profits as dividends. Subject to circumstances  the Company may deviate from this policy. On 31 December 2024  WithSecure Corporation’s distributable funds totalled EUR 77.5 million of which the net result for the financial year was EUR -44.0 million. No material changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position after the end of the financial period.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend will be paid for 2024 due to the loss-making result of the year. The Company will focus on funding its growth and developing the business. The net loss for the year is retained in the shareholders’ equity.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe previous specified version of the remuneration policy has been considered and approved as an advisory resolution by the Annual General Meeting on 24 March 2021.The remuneration policy for governing bodies shall be available on the Company’s website at www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance as of 12 February 2025 at the latest.11. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for governing bodies shall be available on the Company’s website at www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance on 12 February 2025 at the latest.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the annual remuneration of the Board of Directors shall remain unchanged and be paid as follows: EUR 80 000 for the Chairman of the Board of Directors  EUR 48 000 for the Committee Chairmen  EUR 38 000 for the members of the Board of Directors and EUR 12 667 for a member of the Board of Directors employed by the Company. Approximately 40% of the annual remuneration be paid as the Company’s shares acquired on the Board members’ behalf. The commission for acquiring the Company shares will be given immediately after the publication of the interim report for the period 1 January–31 March 2025. The Company will be responsible for the possible transaction costs and possible transfer tax levied in connection with purchase of the shares.According to the proposal  the travel expenses and other costs of the members of the Board of Directors directly related to board work are paid in accordance with the Company’s compensation policy in force from time to time. Each member of the Board of Directors is paid a predetermined travel fee in addition to travel expenses for meetings held outside their country of residence in accordance with the Company’s travel policy in force from time to time. According to the travel policy  a separate travel fee of EUR 1 000 is paid to the members of the Board of Directors who travel from another European country to attend an on-site meeting. The travel fee is EUR 2 000 for intercontinental travel. No separate travel fee is paid to a member of the Board of Directors employed by the Company. In addition  the Chairman of the Board of Directors is offered assistant and administrative services.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the number of members of the Board of Directors be seven (7).14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that Risto Siilasmaa  Amanda Bedborough  Niilo Fredrikson  Ciaran Martin  and Tuomas Syrjänen are to be re-elected as ordinary members of the Board of Directors and that Mervi Kerkelä-Hiltunen and Artturi Lehtiö  who is employed by WithSecure Corporation  are to be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. Of the current Board members  Harri Ruusinen and Kirsi Sormunen have stated that they will no longer be available as Board members.The Board member candidates’ CVs and assessments of independence are available on the Company’s website at www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the remuneration to the auditor be paid in accordance with the approved invoice.16. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as auditor of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Mr Jukka Karinen  APA  will act as the responsible auditor.17. Resolution on the remuneration of the authorised sustainability auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the remuneration of the authorised sustainability auditor be paid in accordance with the approved invoice.18. Election of the authorised sustainability auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the Company’s authorised sustainability auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Mr Jukka Karinen  ASA  will act as the responsible authorised sustainability auditor.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon the repurchase of a maximum of 17 609 870 of the Company’s own shares in total. The proposed maximum amount equals to approximately 10% of all the shares in the Company  in one or several tranches with the Company’s unrestricted equity.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase also in deviation from the proportional holdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorisation comprises the repurchase of shares either in the public trading or otherwise in the market at the trading price determined for the shares in public trading on the date of purchase  or with a purchase offer to the shareholders  in which case the repurchase price must be the same for all shareholders. The Company’s own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to the Company’s business or for optimising the Company’s capital structure  to be used as part of the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled. The authorisation includes the right of the Board of Directors to resolve on all other terms related to the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case no later than until 30 June 2026. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 20 March 2024 concerning the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.20. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of a maximum of 17 609 870 shares in total through a share issue as well as by issuing options and other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of the shares corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the Company. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of treasury shares held by the Company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to resolve on all terms related to the share issue as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used for potential acquisitions or other arrangements  for share-based incentive schemes or otherwise for purposes resolved by the Board of Directors. Of the authorisation  a maximum of 2 000 000 shares may be used as part of the above-mentioned share-based incentive schemes  which corresponds to approximately 1% of all shares in the Company.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case no later than until 30 June 2026. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 20 March 2024 concerning the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe resolution proposals for the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting mentioned above and this notice are available on WithSecure Corporation’s website at www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. WithSecure Corporation’s annual review including the Company’s annual accounts  consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors as well as the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting  as well as the remuneration policy and remuneration report for WithSecure Corporation’s governing bodies are available on said website 12 February 2025 at the latest. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on 1 April 2025.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 6 March 2025  the record date of the General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.Registration for the General Meeting begins on 13 February 2025 at 10:00 a.m. EET. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account and who wishes to participate in the meeting must register for the meeting at the latest on 11 March 2025 at 4:00 p.m. EET  by which time the notice of participation must be received by the Company. Shareholders can register for the meeting by one of the following means:Online through the Company’s website at www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Online registration requires strong electronic identification from the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative using Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. By email to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki. The registering shareholder must include in the registration the registration form and advance voting form available on the Company’s website www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance or equivalent information.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  contact information as well as the name of the shareholder’s possible assistant and/or proxy representative and date of birth of proxy representative as well as telephone number and/or email address of proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data disclosed by the shareholders to WithSecure Corporation or Innovatics Ltd will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations.It must also be stated in connection with the registration whether the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative will participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue or via remote connection. Instructions concerning remote participation are provided in section C. 2. of these instructions.Upon request  shareholders  their representatives  or proxy representatives must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Additional information on registration  remote participation and advance voting is available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the registration period of the General Meeting between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. EET and between 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. EET on weekdays.2. Remote participation in the meetingShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights fully during the meeting either at the meeting venue or via remote connection.A notice given by shareholders or proxy representatives that they will participate in the General Meeting via remote connection is binding  and after the end of the registration period the shareholders or proxy representatives do not have the right to change their means of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting venue. However  a notice of participation via remote connection given by a shareholder’s proxy representative does not limit the right of the shareholder’s other proxy representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting venue.The remote connection to the General Meeting will be implemented through Inderes Oyj’s virtual AGM service using the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require software or downloads subject to a charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio playback as well as a microphone for oral questions and comments. The following browsers are recommended for remote participation: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  or Opera. Shareholders are responsible for their internet connections and devices during the meeting. In order to prepare for technical failures  it is recommended that shareholders who participate in the meeting remotely vote in advance.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or SMS to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided in connection with the registration by the day before the meeting  17 March 2025 at the latest. It is recommended to log in to the meeting system in good time before the meeting starts.For more information on the AGM service  additional instructions for proxy holders representing more than one shareholder  contact details and instructions of the service provider in case of possible disruptions  please visit https://vagm.fi/support and a link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet with the internet connection can be found at https://b2b.inderes.com/fi/knowledge-base/yhteensopivuuden-testaaminen. It is recommended to consult the detailed attendance instructions before the start of the General Meeting.3. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda between 13 February 2025 at 10:00 a.m. EET and 11 March 2025 at 4:00 p.m. EET in the following ways:Online through the service available on the Company’s website at www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Shareholders can sign into the advance voting service the same way as to the online registration service referred to above in section C. 1. a) of these instructions. By email or mail by sending the advance voting form available on the Company’s website at www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd  by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki. Advance votes must be received before the advance voting period ends.A proposed resolution that is subject to advance voting is considered to be presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote at the real-time General Meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholders who voted in advance are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. Sending the votes in advance by mail or email so that they are received before the end of the time limit of the registration and advance voting period constitutes registration for the General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s notice of participation includes the above information required for registration. Unless shareholders voting in advance participate at the General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation or participate in the General Meeting via remote connection  they will not be able to use their rights under the Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.4. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the holder of nominee registered shares on the record date of the General Meeting  6 March 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate requires that the holder of nominee registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares at the latest by 13 March 2025 at 10:00 a.m. EET. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request in good time the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting  and advance voting from such shareholder’s custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares before the end of the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.A holder of nominee registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue or via remote connection. Remote participation requires temporary entry into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy and submission of an email address and telephone number of the holder of nominee registered shares by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares ends so that an attendance link and password can be sent to the holder of nominee registered shares for participating in the General Meeting remotely.5. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise the shareholder rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner instructed in section C. 3. of these instructions.The proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate such representative’s right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.A proxy template is available on the Company’s website at www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.Possible proxy documents are to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  or alternatively by email to Innovatics Ltd to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. WithSecure Corporation may  if it so wishes  demand original proxy documents if regarded necessary by the Company.In addition to submitting a proxy document  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall ensure that they register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in section C. 1. of these instructions.If a proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  it is recommended to vote in advance. Even if the proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting either at the meeting venue or via remote connection  only one attendance link and password will be provided to the proxy representative for all shareholders the proxy representative represents. The proxy representative will therefore not need to log into the service separately on behalf of each shareholder but shall ensure the exercise of shareholders’ rights by voting on behalf of each shareholder separately.A shareholder may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative to a traditional proxy document. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the General Meeting is Finnish.A shareholder present at the meeting has the right to ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.On the date of this notice  Wednesday  12 February 2025  the total number of shares in WithSecure Corporation is 176 098 739 shares  which represent an equal number of votes. On the date of this notice  the Company holds 81 890 treasury shares. Treasury shares do not produce any rights in the Company and do therefore not entitle to participation in the General Meeting.Helsinki  12 February 2025WITHSECURE CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsContact information:Tiina Sarhimaa  Chief Legal OfficerWithSecure CorporationLaura ViitaVP  Controlling  Investor relations and SustainabilityWithSecure Corporation+358 50 487 1044investor-relations@withsecure.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.26,0.26,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'new office premises', 'meeting coffee service', 'Clarion Hotel Helsinki', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'Board members’ behalf', 'annual remuneration', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'shareholder rights', 'remote connection', 'event venue', 'voting rights', 'guided tours', 'Malware Art', 'Välimerenkatu', 'A. Matters', 'sustainability reporting', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'net result', 'material changes', 'financial position', 'loss-making result', 'governing bodies', 'Personnel Committee', 'Committee Chairmen', 'possible transa', 'annual review', 'hybrid meeting', 'meeting venue', 'meeting refreshments', 'remuneration policy', 'section C.', 'assurance report', 'interim report', 'advance voting', 'financial period', 'net loss', 'remuneration report', 'Company headquarters', 'The Company', 'financial year', 'The Board', 'shareholders’ equity', 'advisory resolution', 'dividend policy', 'Company shares', 'year 2024', '12 February', 'Notice', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'Bysa', 'address', 'Tyynenmerenkatu', 'reception', 'persons', 'participants', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'opportunity', 'Museum', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'prospects', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'governance', 'January', 'December', 'distribution', 'profits', 'dividends', 'circumstances', 'place', 'growth', 'business', 'discharge', 'Consideration', 'previous', 'version', 'latest', 'recommendation', 'Chairman', 'commission', 'publication', '10:00', '3:00', '2:15']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48819,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64544418-notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-valmet-oyj-008.htm,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Valmet Oyj,"Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on February 13  2025 at 9:05 a.m. EET ESPOO  Finland  Feb. 13  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Valmet Oyj (""Valmet"" or the","Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on February 13  2025 at 9:05 a.m. EETESPOO  Finland  Feb. 13  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Valmet Oyj (""Valmet"" or the ""Company"") to the Annual General Meeting to be held on March 26  2025 starting at 1:00 p.m (EET) at Scandic Marina Congress Center  Europaea hall at the address Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of the shareholders who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 12:00 noon.The shareholders have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. In addition  the shareholders who have registered for the meeting can follow the Annual General Meeting via a webcast. For further instructions  please refer to Section C. ""Instructions for the Participants in the Annual General Meeting"" of this notice.After the Annual General Meeting  coffee will be served at the meeting venue.1.Opening of the meeting2.Calling the meeting to order3.Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of the votes4.Recording the legality of the meeting5.Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6.Presentation of the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's report and the sustainability reporting assurance report for the year 2024- Review by the President and CEO.7.Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8.Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of fundsThe Company's distributable equity as of December 31  2024 totaled EUR 1 584 868 527.03  of which the net profit for the year 2024 was EUR 332 895 633.84.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 1.35 per share be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year which ended December 31  2024 and the remaining part of profit be retained and carried further in the Company's unrestricted equity.The dividend shall be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.68 per share shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date March 28  2025 are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend shall be paid on April 8  2025.The second instalment of EUR 0.67 per share shall be paid in October 2025. The second instalment shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend payment date shall be resolved by the Board of Directors in its meeting preliminarily scheduled for September 25  2025. The dividend record date for the second instalment would then be September 29  2025 and the dividend payment date October 7  2025.9.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10.Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the remuneration report of the Company.11.Resolution on remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsValmet has on January 27  2025 announced the updated proposals of Valmet's Shareholders' Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected for the term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 be increased and as follows:- EUR 155 000 for the Chair of the Board (2024: EUR 150 000) - EUR 85 500 for the Vice-Chair of the Board (2024: EUR 82 500)  and- EUR 68 000 for a Board member (2024: EUR 66 000).Furthermore  the Nomination Board proposes that a base fee of EUR 7 300 (2024: EUR 7 300) shall be paid for each member of the Audit Committee  EUR 16 700 (2024: EUR 16 700) for the Chair of the Audit Committee  EUR 4 200 (2024: EUR 4 200) for each member of the Remuneration and HR Committee  and EUR 8 500 (2024: EUR 8 500) for the Chair of the Remuneration and HR Committee.In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee in the amount of EUR 750 (2024: EUR 750) shall be paid for those members whose place of residence is in Nordic countries  EUR 1 500 (2024: EUR 1 500) for those members whose place of residence is elsewhere in Europe and EUR 3 000 (2024: EUR 3 000) for those members whose place of residence is outside of Europe for the Board meetings attended  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors.For meetings in which a Board member participates via remote connection  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 750 shall be paid to Board members. Furthermore  the Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 1 500 shall be paid to Board members for a Board travel meeting  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that as a condition for the annual remuneration  the members of the Board of Directors are obliged directly based on the Annual General Meeting's resolution to use 40 percent of the fixed annual remuneration for purchasing Valmet shares at a price formed on a regulated market on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd stock exchange  and that the purchase will be carried out within two weeks from the publication of the Interim Review for the period January 1 to March 31  2025.12.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors for the term expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2026 be eight (8).13.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting  that- Anu Hämäläinen  Pekka Kemppainen  Annareetta Lumme-Timonen  Monika Maurer and Annika Paasikivi are re-elected as Board members - Pekka Vauramo  Bernd Eikens and Jonas Gustavsson are elected as new Board members  and- Pekka Vauramo be elected as the new Chair of the Board and Annika Paasikivi be elected as the new Vice-Chair of the Board for the term expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2026.Mikael Mäkinen  Chair of the Board of Directors  Jaakko Eskola  Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors and Per Lindberg  Member of the Board of Directors  have informed Valmet's Nomination Board that they will not be available in the election of the Board of Directors in the next Annual General Meeting. Mikael Mäkinen has served as a member and Chair of Valmet's Board of Directors since 2019. Jaakko Eskola has served as a member and Vice-Chair of Valmet's Board of Directors since 2022. Per Lindberg has served as a member of Valmet's Board of Directors since 2021.Should any member of the candidates proposed by the Nomination Board for any reason not be available for election to the Board of Directors  the proposed number of Board members shall be decreased accordingly  and the remaining available candidates are proposed to be elected in accordance with the proposal by the Nomination Board.The Nomination Board recommends that with regard to the selection procedure for Board members  the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.At the time of the resolution of the Nomination Board it is assessed that all proposed Board members are independent of the Company. With the exception of Annareetta Lumme-Timonen and Annika Paasikivi  the proposed Board members are independent of the Company's significant shareholders. Annareetta Lumme-Timonen is evaluated as being not independent of significant shareholders due to her role as Investment Director at Solidium Oy and Annika Paasikivi is evaluated as being not independent of significant shareholders due to her role as President and CEO at Oras Invest Ltd.The Nomination Board notes that the Board elected by the Annual General Meeting will separately evaluate the independence of the Board members. Valmet complies with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code in defining the independence of the Board members.Personal information and positions of trust of the proposed individuals are available on the Company's website (www.valmet.com). All candidates have given their consent to the appointments.14.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorBased on the proposal of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Auditor be paid in accordance with the Auditor's invoice and the principles approved by the Audit Committee.15.Election of the AuditorBased on the proposal of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that authorized public accountants firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as the Auditor of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Pasi Karppinen (Authorized Public Accountant  KHT) would act as the responsible auditor of the Company.16.Resolution on the remuneration of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderBased on the proposal of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider be paid in accordance with the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider's invoice and the principles approved by the Audit Committee.17.Election of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderBased on the proposal of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that authorized sustainability audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Pasi Karppinen (Authorized Sustainability Auditor) would act as the responsible sustainability auditor of the Company.18.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own shares in one or several tranches. The maximum number of shares to be repurchased shall be 9 200 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 5.0 percent of all the shares in the Company. Based on the authorization  the Company's own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The Company's own shares may be [repurchased using the unrestricted equity of the Company at a price formed on a regulated market on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the date of the repurchase or at a price otherwise formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves how the own shares will be repurchased. Own shares can be repurchased also by using derivatives.The Company's own shares may be repurchased for reasons of developing the Company's capital structure  financing or carrying out acquisitions  investments or other business transactions  or for the shares to be used as a part of the Company's incentive schemes  however so that a maximum of 755 000 shares may be repurchased to be used as a part of the Company's incentive schemes  which corresponds to approximately 0.4 percent of all the shares in the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all other terms related to the repurchasing of the Company's own shares.The authorization shall remain in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  and it cancels the authorization granted in the Annual General Meeting of March 21  2024  related to the repurchasing of the Company's own shares.19.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares pursuant to Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act in one or several tranches. The issuance of shares may be carried out by offering new shares or by transferring treasury shares held by Valmet. Based on this authorization  the Board of Directors may also resolve on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights and on the granting of special rights subject to the conditions mentioned in the Finnish Companies Act.Based on this authorization  a maximum number of 18 500 000 shares may be issued  which corresponds to approximately 10.0 percent of all the shares in Valmet.The new shares and treasury shares may be issued for consideration or without consideration.The Board of Directors resolves on all other terms of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares pursuant to Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The Board of Directors may use this authorization  for example  for reasons of developing the Company's capital structure  in financing or carrying out acquisitions  investments or other business transactions  or for the shares to be used as a part of the Company's incentive schemes  however so that the Board of Directors may issue a maximum of 755 000 shares to be used as a part of the Company's incentive schemes  which corresponds to approximately 0.4 percent of all the shares in the Company.The authorization shall remain in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  and it cancels the authorization granted in the Annual General Meeting of March 21  2024  to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.20.Closing of the meetingDocuments of the General MeetingThe proposals for resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available on Valmet's website at www.valmet.com/agm. The Financial Statements 2024  which includes the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the auditor's report and the sustainability reporting assurance report  as well as the remuneration report will be published and available on Valmet's website at www.valmet.com/agm at the latest as of March 5  2025.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest as of April 9  2025.Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1.Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 14  2025 in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting affect neither the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the shareholder's number of votes.A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  has to register for the meeting no later than on March 19  2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving a prior notice of participation.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on February 19  2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). The notice has to be received before the end of the registration period. Such notice can be given:(a) on the Company's website at www.valmet.com/agmElectronic registration requires strong authentication of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.(b) by regular mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company's website at the latest as of February 19  2025  or corresponding information  addressed to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Valmet Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.(c) by e-mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company's website at the latest as of February 19  2025  or corresponding information  addressed to agm@innovatics.fi.(d) by phone to +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET).In connection with the registration  the requested information must be provided  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID and contact details. Any personal data provided to Valmet or Innovatics Ltd will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  their proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.2.Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they on the Annual General Meeting record date March 14  2025 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by March 21  2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting affect neither the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the shareholder's number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents  registration in the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from their custodian bank.The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of the nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above and arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares.3.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting also by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. The right to represent may be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi authorization service available on Innovatics Ltd's registration service. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts or equity savings accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.A proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the Company's website at www.valmet.com/agm at the latest as of February 19  2025.Possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration or alternatively by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Valmet Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the expiry of the registration period on March 19  2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the proxy documents must be received.In addition to delivering proxy documents  a shareholder or their proxy representative shall take care of the registration for the Annual General Meeting and possible advance voting in the manner described in this notice.4.Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may vote in advance on certain agenda matters of the Annual General Meeting during the period from February 19  2025 at 10:00 a.m. until March 19  2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET).A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal only if they are present at the Annual General Meeting by themselves or by proxy.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:(a) on the Company's website at www.valmet.com/agmElectronic registration and advance voting require strong authentication of the shareholder or their legal representative or the proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.(b) by email or regular mailA shareholder may submit the registration and advance voting form available on the Company's website or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by email addressed to agm@innovatics.fi  or by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Valmet Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting the votes in advance  submission of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for the registration. The advance votes must be received by the end of the registration and advance voting period at the latest.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.Instructions regarding the advance voting  and the terms related to the electronic advance voting are available on the Company's website at www.valmet.com/agm.5.Other instructions and informationThe meeting language will be Finnish. There is simultaneous interpretation into English at the meeting venue.Further information on registration and advance voting is available from Innovatics Ltd during the registration and advance voting period by telephone from +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET).A shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.The Company will arrange an opportunity for shareholders who have registered for the meeting to follow the meeting online via a webcast. Detailed instructions on following the webcast will be available on the Company's website www.valmet.com/agm before the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting  and that it is not possible for the shareholders to exercise their shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders that wish to follow the webcast can exercise their voting rights by voting on the matter on the agenda in advance in accordance with the instructions provided above.On the date of this notice February 13  2025  the total number of shares and votes in Valmet is 184 529 605. The total amount includes 364 258 treasury shares held by the Company. Such treasury shares held by the Company do not have voting rights.Espoo  February 13  2025VALMET OYJBoard of DirectorsFurther information  please contact:Rasmus Oksala  General Counsel  Valmet  tel. +358 50 3173 830Pekka Rouhiainen  VP  Investor Relations  Valmet  tel. +358 10 672 0020VALMETKatri HokkanenCFOPekka RouhiainenVP  Investor RelationsDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.valmet.comValmet has a global customer base across various process industries. We are a leading global developer and supplier of process technologies  automation and services for the pulp  paper and energy industries  and with our automation and flow control solutions we serve an even wider base of process industries. Our more than 19 000 professionals around the world work close to our customers and are committed to moving our customers' performance forward - every day.The company has more than 225 years of industrial history and a strong track record in continuous improvement  sustainability and renewal. Valmet's net sales in 2024 were approximately EUR 5.4 billion.Valmet's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki and the head office is in Espoo  Finland.Follow us on valmet.com | X | X (IR) | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram |Processing of personal dataThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/valmet-oyj/r/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-valmet-oyj c4105019View original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-valmet-oyj-302375726.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Valmet Oyj', 'Notice', 'Scandic Marina Congress Center', 'sustainability reporting assurance report', 'stock exchange release', 'dividend record date', 'dividend payment date', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Board travel meeting', 'The Nomination Board', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'annual remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fee', 'The Board', 'Europaea hall', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'Section C.', 'balance sheet', 'distributable equity', 'remaining part', 'unrestricted equity', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'governing bodies', 'base fee', 'Audit Committee', 'HR Committee', 'Nordic countries', 'remote connection', 'financial year', 'The Company', 'remuneration report', ""shareholders' register"", 'Valmet Oyj', 'net profit', 'Board member', 'Board meetings', 'year 2024', 'members', 'February', '9:05 a', 'ESPOO', 'Notice', 'March', 'address', 'Katajanokanlaituri', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'distribution', '12:00 noon', 'opportunity', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'instructions', 'Participants', 'coffee', '1.Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', '6.Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', '8.Resolution', 'use', 'funds', 'December', 'April', 'October', 'September', '9.Resolution', 'discharge', 'liability', 'January', 'proposals', 'term', 'close', 'Chair', 'amount', 'place', 'residence', 'Europe', 'committees', '1:00']",2025-02-06,2025-02-13,finanznachrichten.de
48820,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/13/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-siili-solutions-plc/2055137,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Siili Solutions Plc,Siili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release 13 February 2025 at 9:10 a.m. (Finnish time) The shareholders of Siili Solutions Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  8 April 2025 starting at 2:00 p.,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Siili Solutions PlcSiili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release 13 February 2025 at 9:10 a.m. (Finnish time)The shareholders of Siili Solutions Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  8 April 2025 starting at 2:00 p.m. (Finnish time) at the address Töölönlahdenkatu 2  FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland (event venue Eliel  Sanomatalo). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 1:30 p.m. (Finnish time).Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Further information on advance voting is presented in section C. 2. of this meeting notice.Shareholders can follow the General Meeting via a video stream. Other persons than the Company's shareholders are also welcome to follow the video stream. Instructions on how to follow the video stream are available on the Company's website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025. It is not possible to pose any other questions than those referred to below in this section  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via the video stream. Following the meeting via the video stream or asking questions as referred to below shall not be considered as participation in the General Meeting or as the exercise of shareholder rights. Persons who follow the video stream may ask questions or make comments to the CEO in writing during the CEO's review in agenda item 6. through the chat functionality. A recording of the video stream will be available on the Company's website after the General Meeting  no later than on 22 April 2025.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyA. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe General Meeting shall consider the following matters:AdvertisementOpening of the meetingCalling the meeting to orderElection of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and the persons to supervise the counting of votesRecording the legality of the meetingRecording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesPresentation of the financial statements  including the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting for the year 2024Presentation of the CEO's review.The annual report  including the report of the Board of Directors  the consolidated financial statements  the financial statements of the parent company  the auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting will be available on the Company's website at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025 at the latest on 14 March 2025.Adoption of the financial statements  including the consolidated financial statementsResolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that  based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial period 2024  a dividend of EUR 0 18 per share be paid from the Company's distributable funds  i.e.  approximately EUR 1.46 million in total based on the status of the date of this meeting notice  and that the rest of the distributable funds be retained in equity.The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date 10 April 2025 are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on 17 April 2025.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liabilityConsideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesAdvertisementThe remuneration report for governing bodies is available on the Company's website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025 at the latest on 14 March 2025.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would remain unchanged and be as follows:The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 3 850 per month  the Deputy Chair EUR 2 500 per month  the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500 per month and other members EUR 2 000 per month. The Chairs of the Board of Directors' Committees are paid EUR 200 per month for their work on the Committee  in addition to which all Committee members are paid a meeting fee of EUR 300 per meeting. In addition  the members of the Board of Directors receive compensation for travel expenses in line with the Company's business travel policy.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that five (5) members be elected to the Board of Directors.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsAdvertisementThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes the re-election of the current members of the Board of Directors for the next term of office Harry Brade  Jesse Maula  Katarina Cantell and Henna Mäkinen. Tero Ojanperä has informed that he does not stand for re-election to the Board of Directors.Consequently  the Nomination Board proposes that Sebastian Nyström shall be elected as new member of the Board of Directors.Sebastian Nyström  b. 1974  M.Sc.  acts currently as S-Group's Chief Transformation Officer and EVP  Loyalty  IT and Digital Development. Prior to his current role  Nyström has acted e.g. as S-Group's EVP Strategy & M&A  as well as in other leading roles in Nokia Corporation over the past 20 years.The term of office of the members lasts until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. All persons proposed have given their consent to the election.Background information on each person proposed for the Board of Directors is available on the website of Siili Solutions Plc at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/en.AdvertisementThe proposed members Jesse Maula  Henna Mäkinen  Katarina Cantell and Sebastian Nyström are considered independent of the Company and its significant shareholders. Harry Brade is independent of the Company but non-independent of its significant shareholder Lamy Oy.In addition  the Shareholders' Nomination Board recommends to the Board of Directors that it re-elects Harry Brade as its Chair and Jesse Maula as Deputy Chair.In the selection of the Board member candidates  the Nomination Board has emphasized relevant experience and competence of the candidates  especially considering the strategic objectives of the company. Further  in its selection process the Nomination Board has considered the diversity of the Board.With regard to the selection procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the General Meeting. The Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole also has the best possible expertise and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.AdvertisementResolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that the auditor of the Company be paid remuneration in accordance with the auditor's reasonable invoice approved by the Company.Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that audit firm KPMG Oy Ab be re-elected as the Company's auditor for the following term of office. KPMG Oy Ab has stated that if it is elected as the Company's auditor  Leenakaisa Winberg  APA  will continue as the principal auditor.Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that the sustainability reporting assurer of the Company be paid remuneration in accordance with the sustainability reporting assurer's reasonable invoice approved by the Company.Election of the sustainability reporting assurance providerAdvertisementThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that authorised sustainability audit firm KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the Company's sustainability reporting assurance provider for the following term of office. KPMG Oy Ab has stated that if it is elected as the Company's sustainability reporting assurance provider  Leenakaisa Winberg  ASA  will continue as the principal sustainability auditor.Authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares under the following terms and conditions:Using the Company's unrestricted equity  a maximum of 814 000 shares may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge in one or more tranches  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the Company.The shares will be repurchased in trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy's regulated market at a price formed in public trading on the date of repurchase. The Company's own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to the Company's business  for optimising the Company's capital structure  for implementing the Company's incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled.Own shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The share purchase will decrease the Company's distributable unrestricted equity. The Board of Directors resolves on all other terms and conditions for the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares.The authorisation is proposed to remain in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than until 30 June 2026. The authorisation shall revoke earlier unused authorisations to resolve on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company's own shares.Authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares within the meaning of chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or more tranches either against consideration or free of consideration.The number of shares to be issued  including shares received on the basis of the special rights shall not exceed a maximum of 814 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the Company. The Board of Directors may resolve either to issue new shares or to transfer treasury shares held by the Company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to resolve on all terms of the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used to strengthen the Company's balance sheet and financial position  to pay purchase prices for acquisitions  in share-based incentive schemes or for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors.The total maximum number of shares to be issued for the purpose of share-based incentive schemes is 162 800 shares  which corresponds to approximately 2.0% of all the shares in the Company. For the avoidance of doubt  the above maximum number of shares intended for the incentive schemes is included in the maximum number of the issuance authorisation referred to above.Based on the authorisation  the Board of Directors is also authorised to resolve on a share issue directed to the Company itself  provided that the number of shares held by the Company after the issue would be a maximum of 10% of all the shares in the Company. This number includes all the Company's own shares held by the Company and its subsidiaries in the manner provided for in chapter 15  section 11(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act.The authorisation is proposed to remain in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than until 30 June 2026. The authorisation shall revoke earlier authorisations concerning share issues and the issuance other special rights entitling to shares.Closing the meetingThis notice of the General Meeting  which includes all the resolution proposals of the Board of Directors and the Shareholders' Nomination Board on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on Siili Solutions Plc's website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025 as of 13 February 2025. Siili Solutions Plc's annual report for the year 2024  including the report of the Board of Directors  the consolidated financial statements  the financial statements of the parent company  the auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting and the remuneration report for governing bodies will be available on said website at the latest as of 14 March 2025. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above website at the latest on 22 April 2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEETING PARTICIPANTSShareholders registered in the shareholders' registerShareholders who are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 27 March 2025 (the record date of the General Meeting) have the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.The registration period for the General Meeting commences on 14 February 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company and wishes to participate in the General Meeting shall register no later than on 1 April 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  by which time the registration must be received. A shareholder can register for the General Meeting by one of the following means:a) Via the Company's website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025. Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or a mobile certificate.b) By email to the address [email protected]. In the email  registering shareholders must submit the registration and advance voting form available on the Company's website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025 or equivalent information.The requested information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID and contact information (telephone number and/or email address) as well as the name of the shareholder's assistant and/or the name  date of birth and contact information (telephone number and/or email address) of proxy representative  if any  must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data disclosed by the shareholders to Siili Solutions Plc  Innovatics Ltd or Inderes Oyj is only used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Upon request  shareholders  their representatives or proxy representatives must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) on business days.Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda between 14 February 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) and 1 April 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) in the following ways:Via the service available on the Company's website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025. Shareholders can sign into the advance voting service the same way as to the online registration service referred to above in section C. 1. a) of these instructions.By email by submitting the advance voting form available on the Company's website or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd at [email protected].Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes via the service available on the Company's website or by email before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that it contains the above information required for registration.Proposals for resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a possible vote held at the general meeting venue also in circumstances where an alternative proposal for resolution has been made in the relevant matter. For the advance votes to be considered  the shareholder must be registered in the Company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Limited Liability Companies Act unless they participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by proxy representative.Instructions for advance voting will be available on the Company's website at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025.With respect to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is carried out by the account operators. The account operators may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares they represent in accordance with the relevant shareholders' voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares.Holder of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  27 March 2025. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the holders of nominee-registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares by 3 April 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to ask their custodian bank in good time for the necessary instructions regarding temporary registration in the Company's shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for and participation in the General Meeting as well as advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account manager of the custodian bank shall also arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of a proxy representation. A shareholder's proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance as described in section C. 2. of these instructions if they so wish.The proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that the proxy representative is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different book-entry accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy template will be available on the Company's website at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Siili Solutions Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email to [email protected] before the end of the registration period  by which the proxy documents must be received. In addition to submitting proxy documents  a shareholder or the shareholder's proxy representative shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.As an alternative to a traditional proxy document  a shareholder may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for 'Representation at the General Meeting'). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or a mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations. The Suomi.fi service can also be used in another way than by authorising a proxy via the authorisation for 'Representation at the General Meeting' alternative. For example  a CEO can register the company he/she represents for the General Meeting by using the Suomi.fi service without a separate proxy.Other instructions/informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Pursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders who are present at the General Meeting at the meeting venue have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the General Meeting  Siili Solution Plc has a total of 8 140 263 shares  which represent the same number of votes. On the date of the notice  the Company holds 27 954 treasury shares that do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting according to the Limited Liability Companies Act.Helsinki  13 February 2025SIILI SOLUTIONS PLCBoard of DirectorsFor more information:General Counsel  Taru KovanenPhone: +358 (0)40 4176 221  email: taru.kovanen(at)siili.comDistributionNasdaq Helsinki LtdPrincipal mediawww.siili.comSiili Solutions in briefSiili Solutions Plc is a forerunner in AI-powered digital development. Siili is the go-to partner for clients seeking growth  efficiency and competitive advantage through digital transformation. Our main markets are Finland  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  and Germany. Siili Solutions Plc's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange. Siili has grown profitably since its founding in 2005. www.siili.com/en,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Siili Solutions Plc', 'Notice', 'Siili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'The Manila Times newsletters', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'business travel policy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'dividend record date', 'Privacy Policy', 'The Board', 'travel expenses', 'financial period', 'annual report', ""shareholders' register"", 'Finnish time', 'event venue', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'Further information', 'video stream', 'shareholder rights', 'chat functionality', 'latest news', 'following matters', 'sustainability reporting', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'Governing Bodies', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fee', 'Audit Committee', 'assurance report', 'advance voting', 'section C.', 'agenda item', 'A. MATTERS', 'meeting notice', 'other questions', 'Deputy Chair', 'other members', 'five (5) members', 'email address', 'Other persons', 'parent company', ""Directors' Committees"", 'Remuneration Report', 'Committee members', '9:10 a', 'February', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'Helsinki', 'Eliel', 'Sanomatalo', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'website', 'sijoittajille', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'comments', 'CEO', 'writing', 'review', 'recording', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'Advertisement', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'year 2024', '14 March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'status', 'rest', 'equity', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'meeting2025', 'month', 'Chairs', 'work', 'addition', 'compensation', 'line', 'number', '2:00', '1:30']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,manilatimes.net
48821,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/13/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting/2055103,Notice to the Annual General Meeting,Notice is given to the shareholders of Lassila & Tikanoja plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  27 March 2025  at 4:00 pm (Finnish time) in Valkea talo  at the address of Ilkantie 4 ,"Lassila & Tikanoja plcStock exhange release13 February  2025 at 8.15 a.m.NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Lassila & Tikanoja plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  27 March 2025  at 4:00 pm (Finnish time) in Valkea talo  at the address of Ilkantie 4  Haaga  00400 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets will commence at 3:00 pm (Finnish time).Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyShareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C ""Instructions for the participants in the meeting”.It is possible to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders rights.AdvertisementAfter the Annual General Meeting  coffee will be served at the meeting venue.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes Presentation of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting for the year 2024AdvertisementReview by the President and CEO.Adoption of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.50 per share be paid on the basis of the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2024. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for dividend payment  31 March 2025. The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the dividend be paid on 7 April 2025.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for the Company's governing bodies for 2024 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The Remuneration Report is available on the Company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors as of 6 March 2025 at the latest.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationAdvertisementThe Shareholders' Nomination Board has proposed that eight (8) members be elected to the Board of Directors. According to the Company's Articles of Association in force  the Board of Directors shall consist of no less than three (3) and no more than seven (7) members. To allow for the composition of the Board of Directors proposed by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  the Board proposes that Article 4 of the Articles of Association be amended to increase the maximum number of Board members by one. In the future  the Board of Directors could consist of no less than three (3) and no more than eight (8) members instead of the current no more than seven (7) members. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:4 § Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for the management of the Company and for the proper arrangement of the Company's operations. The Board of Directors shall consist of no less than three (3) and no more than eight (8) members elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders.The term of the members of the Board of Directors expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting of Shareholders following his/her election.The Annual General Meeting elects the chairman and the vice chairman of the Board of Directors.AdvertisementThe Board of Directors further proposes that Article 6 of the Articles of Association be amended so that  in addition to the auditor  the Company shall have a sustainability reporting assurance provider. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:6 § Auditors and Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderAn Authorized Public Accountants Organization shall be elected as the Company's auditor  and the auditor shall designate an Authorized Public Accountant having principal responsibility. An Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm shall be elected as the Company's sustainability reporting assurance provider  and the sustainability reporting assurance provider shall designate an Authorized Sustainability Auditor having principal responsibility. The term of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance provider shall be the financial year of the Company and the duties of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance provider shall expire at the end of the first Annual General Meeting of Shareholders following the election.Furthermore  the Board proposes that Article 13 of the Articles of Association be amended so that the Annual General Meeting shall decide  in addition to the issues specified in the current Article 13 of the Articles of Association  on the election of the sustainability reporting assurance provider. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:Advertisement13 § Issues at the Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersAt the Annual General Meeting of Shareholdersshall be presented:1. the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements as well as the Board of Directors' report;Advertisement2. the auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting;shall be resolved on:3. the adoption of the financial statements;4. the use of profit shown in the balance sheet;5. the discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and to the Managing Director;6. the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;7. the number of the members of the Board of Directors;shall be elected:8. the members of the Board of Directors;9. the auditor; and10. the sustainability reporting assurance provider.It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors be as follows:- Chairman  EUR 70 000 per year (2024: EUR 70 000);- Vice Chairman  EUR 47 000 per year (2024: EUR 47 000); and- members  EUR 35 000 per year (2024: EUR 35 000).However  if a member of the Board of Directors were to serve as the chairman of the Audit Committee or the Personnel and Sustainability Committee  and not simultaneously serve as the chairman or vice chairman of the Board of Directors  their annual remuneration will be EUR 47 000.It is proposed that the fees be paid so that 40% of the annual fee is paid in Lassila & Tikanoja's shares held by the Company or  if this is not feasible  shares acquired from the market  and 60% in cash. Shares are to be issued to Board members and  where necessary  acquired directly from the market on behalf of Board members on the third trading day after the publication of Lassila & Tikanoja plc's interim report for the first quarter of 2025.In addition  it is proposed that the meeting fees be kept unchanged: EUR 1 000 per meeting to the Chairman  EUR 700 per meeting to the Vice Chairman and EUR 500 per meeting to the other members of the Board. In accordance with the proposal  meeting fees will also be paid to the Chairman and members of committees established by the Board of Directors as follows: Chairman EUR 700 and ordinary members EUR 500.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight (8). The proposal  as stated in section 14 below  is  with respect to one proposed member  conditional upon the General Meeting resolving to approve the amendment to Article 4 of the Articles of Association proposed in section 11 above and the amendment being registered with the Trade Register.Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that  of the current members  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Juuso Maijala  Anni Ronkainen and Pasi Tolppanen be re-elected to the Board of Directors  and that Tuija Kalpala and Anna-Maria Tuominen-Reini be elected as new members to the Board of Directors. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that Jukka Leinonen be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman. Of the current members of the Board of Directors  Laura Lares has informed the Nomination Board that she is not available for re-election for the next term of the Board of Directors.Of the Company's shareholders  the Evald and Hilda Nissi Foundation  Nordea Nordic Small Cap Fund Oy and the group of shareholders consisting of Chemec Oy  CH-Polymers Oy  Maijala Eeva  Maijala Investment Oy  Maijala Juhani  Maijala Juuso  Maijala Miikka  Maijala Mikko  Maijala Roope and Maijala Tuula  who are represented on the Nomination Board and collectively represent approximately 22.1% of all shares and votes in the Company  have declared that they are in favour of the proposal.It is proposed that the election of one board member be conditional upon the General Meeting resolving to approve the amendment to Article 4 of the Articles of Association proposed in section 11 above and the amendment being registered with the Trade Register.All candidates have given their consent to the election and are independent of the Company and its significant shareholders. The term of the members of the Board of Directors expires at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2026.With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders' Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the General Meeting. This recommendation is based on the fact that at Lassila & Tikanoja plc  in line with a good Nordic governance model  the Shareholders' Nomination Board is separate from the Board of Directors. The Shareholders' Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole has the best possible expertise and experience for the company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.The CV's of Tuija Kalpala and Anna-Maria Tuominen-Reini are available on Lassila & Tikanoja's website at www.lt.fi/en/company/management-and-board-of-directors/board-of-directors. The current members of the Board of Directors are presented on the same page.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board's Audit Committee to the General Meeting that the Auditor's remuneration be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the Company.Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board's Audit Committee to the General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the Company's auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it will appoint Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the Company's auditor with principal responsibility.Election of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board's Audit Committee to the General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  be elected as the Company's sustainability reporting assurance provider. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that Samuli Perälä  Authorised Sustainability Auditor  would act as the Company's responsible authorised sustainability auditor.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own shares under the following terms and conditions:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is authorised to repurchase a maximum of 2 000 000 Company's own shares using the Company's non-restricted equity. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company's total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.The Company's own shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company's shareholders through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (""Stock Exchange”) at the market price quoted at the time of the repurchase. Shares will be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of the Stock Exchange and Euroclear Finland Oy.The purpose of the share repurchase is to develop the Company's capital structure and/or to use the shares as consideration in potential acquisitions  other business arrangements  as part of the Company's share-based incentive programme  or to finance investments. The repurchased shares may either be held by the Company or be cancelled or conveyed.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the share repurchase. The share repurchase authorisation shall be valid for 18 months. The share repurchase authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations for repurchasing the Company's own shares.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more instalments  on issuance of new shares or shares possibly held by the Company through share issue and/or issuance of option rights or other special rights entitling to shares  referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that by virtue of the authorisation altogether 2 000 000 shares may be issued and/or conveyed at the maximum. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company's total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.It is proposed that the authorisation be used for the financing or execution of potential acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company's business  for the implementation of the Company's incentive scheme or for other purposes subject to the Board of Directors' decision.It is proposed that the authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms and conditions of the share issue and the issuance of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The authorisation thus includes the right to issue shares also in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the Company under the conditions provided in law  the right to issue shares against payment or without charge as well as the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the Company itself  subject to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum amount of treasury shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid for 18 months. The authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.Closing of the MeetingThis notice  including all the proposals  is available on Lassila & Tikanoja plc's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. The financial statements of Lassila & Tikanoja plc  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the Auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting as well as the Remuneration Report are available on the above-mentioned website on 6 March 2025 at the latest. The above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as of 10 April 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the General MeetingShareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting  17 March 2025  in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company's shareholders' register.Registration for the General Meeting will begin on 14 February 2025. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company and who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than Monday 24 March 2025 at 10:00 am (Finnish time)  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:a) on the Company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investorsElectronic registration requires strong authentication of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) by email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company's website at the latest as of 14 February 2025  or corresponding information  addressed to [email protected]c) by telephone +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00 am - 12:00pm and 1:00 - 4:00pm (Finnish time)When registering by telephone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.d) by regular mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company's website at the latest as of 14 February 2025  or corresponding information  addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder must state the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth/company identification number  e-mail address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Lassila & Tikanoja plc and Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  his/her representative or proxy representative shall  on demand  be able to prove their identity and/or right to representation at the meeting venue.Further information regarding the registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the General Meeting's registration period by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00 am - 12:00 noon and 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm (Finnish time).Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the General Meeting  17 March 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 24 March 2025  by 10:00 am. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company's shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the Company's shareholders' register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the end of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information is also available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered before the end of the registration period primarily as attachments in connection with electronic or e-mail registration or alternatively as originals by mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or his/her proxy representative shall ensure that he/she has registered for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic ""Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication in the general meeting service when registering  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank codes or mobile certificate. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Advance votingA shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  can participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 14 February 2025 to 24 March 2025 10:00 ama) on the Company's website www.lt.fi/en/investors; orb) by mail or email by submitting the advance voting form  which is available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors  or corresponding information  to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to [email protected]. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to vote on a possible counterproposal unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. The terms and conditions  and other instructions for electronic advance voting are available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors.Other instructions and informationThe language of the general meeting will be Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.On the date of this notice to the General Meeting  12 February 2025  the total number of shares and votes in Lassila & Tikanoja plc is 38 798 874.Shareholders are requested to note that following the meeting via webcast is not considered as official participation in the meeting unless the shareholder has voted in advance.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone from +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00 am - 12:00pm and 1:00 - 4:00pm (Finnish time).Helsinki  12 February 2025LASSILA & TIKANOJA PLCBoard of DirectorsEero HautaniemiPresident and CEOFor additional information  please contactHilppa Rautpalo  General Counsel  SVP HR and Legal  tel. +358 46 876 7123Lassila & Tikanoja is a service company that is putting the circular economy into practice. Together with our customers  we keep materials  manufacturing sites and properties in productive use for as long as possible and we enhance the use of raw materials and energy. This is to create more value with the circular economy for our customers  personnel and society in a broader sense. Achieving this also means growth in value for our shareholders. Our objective is to continuously grow our actions' carbon handprint  our positive effect on the climate. We assume our social responsibility by looking after the work ability of our personnel as well as offering jobs to those who are struggling to find employment  for example. With operations in Finland and Sweden  L&T employs approximately 7 400 people. Net sales in 2024 amounted to EUR 770.7 million. L&T is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.lt.fi/en/",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Authorized Public Accountants Organization', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Stock exhange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'liability Remuneration Report', 'The Remuneration Report', 'financial statements Resolution', 'assurance report', 'Finnish time', 'The Board', 'meeting venue', 'Tikanoja plc', 'Valkea talo', 'voting tickets', 'latest news', 'Privacy Policy', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'lt.fi', 'maximum number', 'proper arrangement', 'principal responsibility', 'financial year', 'shareholders rights', ""shareholders' register"", 'eight (8) members', 'seven (7) members', 'email address', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'vice chairman', 'Board members', 'dividend payment', '8.15 a', 'Lassila', 'February', 'NOTICE', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Ilkantie', 'Haaga', '00400 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'Company', 'website', 'investors', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'Advertisement', 'coffee', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'basis', '7 April', 'discharge', 'accordance', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'force', 'less', 'three', 'composition', 'future', 'current', 'amended', 'form', 'provision', 'management', 'operations', 'addition', '4:00', '3:00', '2024']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,manilatimes.net
48822,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2025/02/13/german-stock-exchange-operator-reports-growth-eyes-2026-targets,German stock exchange operator reports growth  eyes 2026 targets,FRANKFURT  Feb. 12 (Xinhua) -- Germany's stock exchange operator  Deutsche Boerse AG  reported robust growth in 2024 and remains on track to achieve its 2026 targets  the company announced on Wednesday. Read full story,"FRANKFURT  Feb. 12 (Xinhua) -- Germany's stock exchange operator  Deutsche Boerse AG  reported robust growth in 2024 and remains on track to achieve its 2026 targets  the company announced on Wednesday.Speaking at the company's annual press conference in Frankfurt  CEO Stephan Leithner highlighted significant revenue gains while acknowledging challenges ahead. ""2025 will be a year full of challenges... marked by continued weak growth in Europe  the return of protectionism worldwide  and geopolitical tensions "" he said.Deutsche Boerse AG recorded a 15 percent increase in both net revenue and earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization (EBITDA) last year. Net revenue rose to 5.829 billion euros (6.07 billion U.S. dollars)  while EBITDA reached 3.396 billion euros.The company has launched a new 500-million-euro share buyback program and proposed a dividend of four euros per share. Confident in continued growth  Leithner said  ""We are well on track to achieve our strategic and financial targets for 2026.""For 2025  Deutsche Boerse expects further organic growth  projecting net revenue (excluding treasury results) of approximately 5.2 billion euros and EBITDA (excluding treasury results) of around 2.7 billion euros.""With Deutsche Boerse  Europe has an operator of critical capital market infrastructure across the board that plays a role on a global level "" Leithner said.The Frankfurt Stock Exchange  run by Deutsche Boerse  remains the third-largest stock exchange in Europe  following the London Stock Exchange and Euronext in Paris. (1 euro = 1.04 U.S. dollars)",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.3,0.41,True,English,"['German stock exchange operator', 'growth', '2026 targets', 'new 500-million-euro share buyback program', 'critical capital market infrastructure', 'billion U.S. dollars', 'The Frankfurt Stock Exchange', '1.04 U.S. dollars', 'largest stock exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'annual press conference', 'stock exchange operator', 'significant revenue gains', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'CEO Stephan Leithner', '5.829 billion euros', '3.396 billion euros', '5.2 billion euros', '2.7 billion euros', 'net revenue', 'robust growth', 'weak growth', 'geopolitical tensions', '15 percent increase', 'four euros', 'organic growth', 'treasury results', 'global level', 'continued growth', 'financial targets', '2026 targets', 'Feb.', 'Xinhua', 'Germany', 'track', 'company', 'Wednesday', 'challenges', 'year', 'Europe', 'return', 'protectionism', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'EBITDA', 'dividend', 'strategic', 'board', 'role', 'third', 'Euronext', 'Paris', '2025']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,thestar.com.my
48823,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-boerse-ag-dboef-q4-070701255.html,Deutsche Boerse AG (DBOEF) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Highlights: Strong Revenue Growth and ...,Deutsche Boerse AG (DBOEF) reports a robust 15% net revenue growth and outlines future strategies amidst market challenges.,Total Net Revenue Growth: 15% in 2024.Net Revenue without Treasury Result: Increased by 8% organically to EUR4.8 billion in 2024.EBITDA without Treasury Result: Increased by 14% organically to EUR2.3 billion in 2024.Operating Cost Growth: 3% organic increase in 2024.Dividend Proposal: EUR4 per share for 2024.Share Buyback Program: EUR500 million in 2025.Investment Management Solutions ARR: Reached EUR608 million  a 17% increase compared to 2023.Fund Services Net Revenue Growth: 19% in custody and 42% in settlement.Assets Under Custody: Reached EUR15.7 trillion in December 2024.Expected Treasury Result for 2025: More than EUR0.8 billion.Release Date: February 12  2025For the complete transcript of the earnings call  please refer to the full earnings call transcript.Positive PointsDeutsche Boerse AG (DBOEF) achieved a total net revenue growth of 15% in 2024  surpassing their original guidance.The company reported an 8% organic increase in net revenues without treasury results  aligning with their expectations.EBITDA without treasury results increased by 14% on an organic basis  demonstrating strong operating leverage.The Investment Management Solutions segment showed significant progress  with SimCorp achieving a 17% increase in annual recurring revenue.Deutsche Boerse AG (DBOEF) proposed a dividend of EUR4 per share for 2024 and announced a EUR500 million share buyback program for 2025  reflecting strong shareholder returns.Negative PointsThe Market Intelligence business within the ISS stocks segment faced headwinds  resulting in overall growth falling short of the original plan.The non-ESG business in the ISS STOXX segment experienced flat growth  impacted by headwinds in the Market Intelligence business.The company faced challenges in the Trading and Clearing segment due to low volatility in equity markets  affecting index derivatives revenue.Operating costs increased by 3% organically  driven by inflation and higher investments into growth and infrastructure.The Security Services segment showed limited operating leverage  with EBITDA flat year-on-year despite a 7% increase in ex-treasury revenues.Q & A HighlightsQ: Can you explain the discrepancy between the 17% ARR growth and the 6% revenue growth for SimCorp and Axioma? How does this underpin future growth? A: The 17% ARR growth reflects expected revenue growth for the next year  while the 6% revenue growth is due to IFRS revenue recognition standards. The SaaS transformation is progressing  with SaaS revenue increasing by one-third and on-premise revenue decreasing by 2%. This transformation supports double-digit growth expectations for SimCorp  aligning with Horizon 2026 targets. - Stephan Leithner  Co-CEOStory continues,neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.53,0.46,0.01,True,English,"['Q4 2024 Earnings Call Highlights', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Strong Revenue Growth', 'DBOEF', 'The Investment Management Solutions segment', 'EUR500 million share buyback program', 'Fund Services Net Revenue Growth', 'The Security Services segment', 'Investment Management Solutions ARR', 'IFRS revenue recognition standards', 'The Market Intelligence business', 'full earnings call transcript', 'Total Net Revenue Growth', 'ISS stocks segment', 'ISS STOXX segment', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'strong shareholder returns', 'A Highlights Q', 'annual recurring revenue', 'index derivatives revenue', 'strong operating leverage', 'limited operating leverage', 'Operating Cost Growth', 'double-digit growth expectations', 'Expected Treasury Result', '6% revenue growth', 'net revenues', 'Clearing segment', '17% ARR growth', 'complete transcript', 'ESG business', 'SaaS revenue', 'premise revenue', 'Operating costs', 'overall growth', 'flat growth', 'future growth', 'treasury results', 'Release Date', 'Positive Points', 'original guidance', 'organic basis', 'significant progress', 'Negative Points', 'original plan', 'low volatility', 'equity markets', 'higher investments', 'ex-treasury revenues', 'Horizon 2026 targets', 'Stephan Leithner', 'Dividend Proposal', 'next year', 'SaaS transformation', '3% organic increase', '8% organic increase', '17% increase', 'EBITDA', 'custody', 'settlement', 'Assets', 'December', 'February', 'DBOEF', 'company', 'SimCorp', 'headwinds', 'challenges', 'Trading', 'inflation', 'infrastructure', 'discrepancy', 'Axioma', 'one', 'third', 'Co-CEO', 'Story', '2024', '2025']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,uk.finance.yahoo.com
48824,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/kepler-capital-remains-a-buy-on-deutsche-boerse-0h3t-1034351373,Kepler Capital Remains a Buy on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T),In a report released on February 11  Tobias Lukesch from Kepler Capital maintained a Buy rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T – Research Report) ,In a report released on February 11  Tobias Lukesch from Kepler Capital maintained a Buy rating on Deutsche Boerse (0H3T – Research Report)  with a price target of €280.00. The company’s shares closed last Tuesday at €242.82.Maximize Your Portfolio with Data Driven Insights:Leverage the power of TipRanks' Smart Score  a data-driven tool to help you uncover top performing stocks and make informed investment decisions.Monitor your stock picks and compare them to top Wall Street Analysts' recommendations with Your Smart PortfolioAccording to TipRanks  Lukesch is a 5-star analyst with an average return of 14.5% and a 66.90% success rate.Deutsche Boerse has an analyst consensus of Moderate Buy  with a price target consensus of €239.50  implying a -1.37% downside from current levels. In a report released yesterday  Deutsche Bank also maintained a Buy rating on the stock with a €250.00 price target.The company has a one-year high of €244.00 and a one-year low of €175.90. Currently  Deutsche Boerse has an average volume of 70.05K.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Kepler Capital', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Buy', ""top Wall Street Analysts' recommendations"", 'top performing stocks', 'Data Driven Insights', 'informed investment decisions', 'price target consensus', '€250.00 price target', 'analyst consensus', 'Kepler Capital', 'Buy rating', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Smart Score', 'data-driven tool', '5-star analyst', 'average return', '66.90% success rate', 'Moderate Buy', 'current levels', 'Deutsche Bank', 'one-year high', 'one-year low', 'average volume', 'Tobias Lukesch', 'stock picks', 'Smart Portfolio', 'Research Report', 'February', 'company', 'shares', 'power', 'TipRanks', '70.']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,markets.businessinsider.com
48825,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/news/4407381-deutsche-borse-outlines-5_2b-net-revenue-target-for-2025-boosted-by-digital-services,Deutsche Börse outlines €5.2B net revenue target for 2025  boosted by digital services,Total net revenues for 2024 reached €5.8 billion  exceeding guidance of €5.6 billion. Net revenues (excluding treasury results) grew 8% organically to €4.8 billion  while EBITDA (excluding treasury results) rose 14% to €2.3 billion.,Total net revenues for 2024 reached €5.8 billion  exceeding guidance of €5.6 billion. Net revenues (excluding treasury results) grew 8% organically to €4.8 billion  while EBITDA (excluding treasury results) rose 14% to €2.3 billion.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['€5.2B net revenue target', 'Deutsche Börse', 'digital services', '2025', 'Total net revenues', 'treasury results', 'guidance', 'EBITDA']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,seekingalpha.com
48826,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4757640-deutsche-borse-ag-dboey-q4-2024-earnings-call-transcript,Deutsche Börse AG (DBOEY) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Transcript,Good afternoon  ladies and gentlemen  and welcome to the Deutsche Börse AG Analyst and Investor Conference Call regarding the Q4 and Full Year 2024 preliminary financial results. At this time  all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation.,Good afternoon  ladies and gentlemen  and welcome to the Deutsche Börse AG Analyst and Investor Conference Call regarding the Q4 and Full Year 2024 preliminary financial results. At this time  all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.24,0.76,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Q4 2024 Earnings Call Transcript', 'DBOEY', 'Deutsche Börse AG Analyst', 'Full Year 2024 preliminary financial results', 'Investor Conference Call', 'Good afternoon', 'ladies', 'gentlemen', 'Q4', 'time', 'participants', 'listen', 'mode', 'floor', 'questions', 'presentation']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,seekingalpha.com
48827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/104323/worldline-joins-forces-with-freedompay-to-focus-on-travel-and-hospitality-sector,Worldline joins forces with FreedomPay to focus on travel and hospitality sector,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has entered a strategic partnership with FreedomPay  a leading global independent payment gateway.,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has entered a strategic partnership with FreedomPay  a leading global independent payment gateway.0Focusing on the significant and rapidly evolving Travel & Hospitality sector  this collaboration will deliver innovative acquiring services and gateway capabilities to businesses across Europe and can be extended to Retail and other industries in the future.To enhance payment operations for major hotel chains with a global presence  the partnership offers a comprehensive  omni-channel solution. Integrating a Host2Host connection  developed by FreedomPay  with Worldline’s unique combination of acquiring and Dynamic Currency Conversion (DCC) services  the solution will support both card present and card not present transaction flows. The service is planned to go live from mid-2025 and will deliver a number of key benefits including:- Enhanced Collaboration: Adopters of the combined solution  including Top Tier hotel groups  will be able to foster stronger relationships with their customers  leading to an improved service offering and potential for further innovations. These will enable them to stay ahead of industry trends and improve their market positioning.- Improved Customer Experience: The omni-channel approach and user-friendly interface ensures seamless interactions across various platforms  enhancing guest satisfaction and loyalty.- Increased Efficiency: Hotels chains can streamline operations with integrated solutions  reducing friction in processes and improving overall efficiency  leading to quicker service delivery.- Data-Driven Insights: Access to comprehensive data from multiple channels can help hotels make informed decisions  optimise pricing  and tailor marketing strategies more effectively.- Seamless Integration: Easy integration with existing systems  allowing for a smooth transition and minimal disruption.-Biljana Bosnjak  Head of Hospitality & Travel at Worldline said: “In conjunction with the award-winning commerce platform from our partner FreedomPay  Worldline is in a stronger position than ever before to target major hotel chains with a global presence. This opens further exciting opportunities for growth in the hospitality sector in Europe where Worldline has a very strong position already.”Kevin Carson  SVP Global Business Development at FreedomPay added: “This partnership marks a key step in transforming payment solutions for the Travel & Hospitality sector  and going forward can be extended to other industries such as Retail. By combining FreedomPay’s gateway technology with Worldline’s acquiring expertise  we’re enabling businesses to optimise payments and enhance the customer experience across Europe.”,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['hospitality sector', 'Worldline', 'forces', 'FreedomPay', 'travel', 'leading global independent payment gateway', 'Top Tier hotel groups', 'SVP Global Business Development', 'major hotel chains', 'Dynamic Currency Conversion', 'award-winning commerce platform', 'present transaction flows', 'quicker service delivery', 'innovative acquiring services', 'comprehensive, omni-channel solution', 'Improved Customer Experience', 'payment services', 'global leader', 'gateway capabilities', 'global presence', 'gateway technology', 'payment solutions', 'omni-channel approach', 'comprehensive data', 'DCC) services', 'payment operations', 'Hotels chains', 'other industries', 'Host2Host connection', 'unique combination', 'card present', 'key benefits', 'combined solution', 'stronger relationships', 'service offering', 'industry trends', 'market positioning', 'user-friendly interface', 'seamless interactions', 'various platforms', 'guest satisfaction', 'Increased Efficiency', 'integrated solutions', 'overall efficiency', 'Data-Driven Insights', 'multiple channels', 'informed decisions', 'marketing strategies', 'Seamless Integration', 'Easy integration', 'existing systems', 'smooth transition', 'minimal disruption', 'Biljana Bosnjak', 'stronger position', 'exciting opportunities', 'strong position', 'Kevin Carson', 'key step', 'acquiring expertise', 'Hospitality sector', 'Enhanced Collaboration', 'strategic partnership', 'Worldline', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'FreedomPay', 'significant', 'businesses', 'Europe', 'Retail', 'future', 'mid', 'number', 'Adopters', 'customers', 'potential', 'innovations', 'loyalty', 'friction', 'processes', 'Access', 'pricing', 'Head', 'Travel', 'conjunction', 'growth', 'payments']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,finextra.com
48828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025313/0/en/Voltalia-awarded-by-Sustainalytics-Top-Rated-Industry-distinction-for-its-ESG-performance.html,Voltalia awarded by Sustainalytics “Top-Rated Industry” distinction for its ESG performance,Voltalia awarded by Sustainalytics “Top-Rated Industry” distinction for its ESG performance   Voltalia  (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an......,Voltalia awarded by Sustainalytics “Top-Rated Industry” distinction for its ESG performanceVoltalia  (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  ranks among the best-rated companies in its sector for its management of ESG (environmental  social and governance) risks and its contribution to sustainable development.With an ESG score of 15  Voltalia ranks among the top 6% of companies in the Utilities industry  occupying 34th place out of 644 companies. In the renewable energies sub-sector  Voltalia ranks 14th out of 88  confirming its leadership in ESG risk management. Sustainalytics' methodology is based on an analysis of the ESG risks to which a company is exposed and its ability to manage them effectively. The lower the score  the better the company's performance in managing these risks.This result is due in particular to Voltalia's Mission-driven company status  which places social and environmental responsibility at the heart of its business model. This structural commitment enables the company to integrate ESG issues into all its strategic and operational decisions  thereby strengthening the resilience and sustainability of its activities.“This distinction from Sustainalytics confirms the relevance of our commitments to social and environmental responsibility. It rewards the efforts of our teams to integrate ESG at the heart of our business model and growth strategy”  says Robert Klein  CEO of Voltalia.To find out moreVoltalia confirms its commitment to ESG through other ratingsVoltalia's commitment to its employees is reflected in its ranking in the Humpact1 ranking  where the company came 16th out of nearly 300 companies  testifying to its attention to well-being and its responsible management of human resources.With an AA rating from MSCI2  Voltalia ranks among the top 34% of companies in the utilities sector (community services)  underlining its ability to effectively manage ESG risks from a financial perspective.Voltalia reaffirms its ambitions and Mission 2027 and 2030 objectivesSince May 2021  Voltalia has adopted the status of Mission-driven company within the meaning of Article L. 210- 10 of the French Commercial Code  bringing its activity into line with its articles of association based on three Mission objectives. Demonstrating its determination to pursue its action in favor of the global environment and local development  Voltalia has set ambitious targets:In 2027  more than 4 million tonnes of CO 2 avoidedavoided In 2027  100% of capacity under construction with a Stakeholder Engagement Plan (SEP) aligned with IFC (World Bank Group) standardsIn 2027  50% of solar capacity held in operation located on land that is co-used and upgraded soil  i.e. land combining solar and another human activity (such as buildings  parking lots  agriculture and grazing) or located on land with low biodiversity  agricultural or economic potential (such as deserts  industrial wastelands and disused quarries)In 2030  -35% carbon intensity in kgCO 2 /MW (Scope 3) of solar power plants owned compared with 2022  by prioritizing the acquisition of low-carbon solar panelsNext on the agenda: 2024 results  March 13  2025 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.3 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 17.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With more than 2 000 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings. VoltaliaEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Press Relations Seitosei.Actifin - Jennifer Julliajennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Humpact is a non-financial performance rating agency that focuses on the human resources aspects of companies.2 MSCI (Morgan Stanley Capital International) ESG ratings aim to measure a company's management of financially relevant ESG risks and opportunities. Ratings range from CCC to AAA.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.23,0.61,True,English,"['Sustainalytics “Top-Rated Industry” distinction', 'ESG performance', 'Voltalia', 'CAC Mid&Small indices', 'Morgan Stanley Capital International', 'non-financial performance rating agency', 'Sustainalytics “Top-Rated Industry” distinction', 'Stakeholder Engagement Plan', 'before market opening', 'French Commercial Code', 'solar power plants', 'low-carbon solar panels', 'Euronext regulated market', 'renewable energies sub-sector', 'Press Relations Seitosei', 'human resources aspects', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy customers', 'three Mission objectives', 'relevant ESG risks', 'ESG risk management', 'Mission-driven company status', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'Utilities industry', 'AA rating', 'international player', 'business market', 'ISIN code', 'ESG performance', ""Sustainalytics' methodology"", 'Sustainalytics ratings', 'Euronext Paris', 'governance) risks', '34th place', 'environmental responsibility', 'business model', 'ESG issues', 'operational decisions', 'growth strategy', 'Robert Klein', 'other ratings', 'community services', 'financial perspective', 'Article L.', 'global environment', 'ambitious targets', '4 million tonnes', 'parking lots', 'low biodiversity', 'economic potential', 'industrial wastelands', 'disused quarries', 'The Group', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'comprehensive range', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'human activity', 'responsible management', 'sustainable development', 'local development', 'solar capacity', 'ESG score', 'Humpact1 ranking', 'utilities sector', 'total capacity', 'structural commitment', 'green electricity', 'Jennifer Jullia', '2030 objectives', '2 MSCI', 'Voltalia', 'companies', 'social', 'contribution', 'leadership', 'analysis', 'ability', 'result', 'heart', 'strategic', 'resilience', 'activities', 'relevance', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'teams', 'CEO', 'employees', 'attention', 'being', 'ambitions', 'May', 'meaning', 'line', 'articles', 'association', 'determination', 'action', 'favor', 'construction', 'SEP', 'IFC', 'soil', 'buildings', 'agriculture', 'grazing', 'agricultural', 'deserts', 'kgCO', 'MW', 'Scope', 'acquisition', 'agenda', 'March', 'hydro', 'biomass', '3.3 GW', 'portfolio', 'projects', '17.2 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'others', 'Email', 'T.', 'Actifin', '1 Humpact', 'opportunities', 'CCC', 'AAA', 'Attachment']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3024720/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-2024-full-year-results.html,Heineken N.V. reports 2024 full year results,Heineken N.V. reports 2024 full year results  Amsterdam  12 February 2025 – Heineken N.V. (HEINEKEN) [(EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY)] announces:  Solid......,"Heineken N.V. reports 2024 full year resultsAmsterdam  12 February 2025 – Heineken N.V. (HEINEKEN) [(EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY)] announces:Solid results with broad-based growth and profit expansion in 2024Key HighlightsRevenue €35 955 millionNet revenue (beia) 5.0% organic growth  per hectolitre 3.5%Beer volume 1.6% organic growth; Heineken ® volume up 8.8%volume up 8.8% Operating profit €3 517 million; operating profit (beia) 8.3% organic growthOperating profit (beia) margin 15.1%  up 40 bpsNet profit €978 million; net profit (beia) 7.3% organic growthDiluted EPS (beia) €4.89Free Operating Cash Flow €3 058 millionHEINEKEN to launch two-year €1.5 billion share buyback programmeFull year 2025 outlook: 4% to 8% operating profit (beia) organic growthCEO StatementDolf van den Brink  Chairman of the Executive Board / CEO  commented:""We delivered solid results with broad-based growth and profit expansion in 2024. Beer volume grew organically by 1.6%  and net revenue (beia) was up 5.0% with strong operating profit (beia) growth of 8.3%. Notably  our beer volume expanded in all four regions  across both developed and emerging markets.Our EverGreen strategy continued to shape operations. Premium volume grew 5%  led globally by Heineken®  which was up 9%. Mainstream beer volume rose 2%  spearheaded by the leading brands in our largest markets  including Amstel in Brazil  Cruzcampo in the UK  and Kingfisher in India. The beyond beer segment grew 4%  led by Desperados globally and Savanna cider in Southern Africa. Heineken® 0.0 grew 10%  reinforcing our global leadership in non-alcoholic beer.Gross savings exceeded €0.6 billion  supporting a 40 bps operating margin (beia) expansion. Marketing and selling investment increased by €0.3 billion  a double-digit organic increase  and we stepped up funding behind our digital and technology initiatives. Capital productivity focus helped deliver a strong free operating cash flow  exceeding €3 billion.Looking ahead  we are well-positioned to further increase our investment in marketing and selling and behind our EverGreen priorities in 2025. We expect to grow operating profit (beia) organically in the range of 4% to 8%.""EnquiriesMedia Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor video webcast about its 2024 FY results today  12 February  at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT/ 08.00 EST. The live video webcast will be accessible via the company’s website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/results-reports-webcasts-and-presentations .An audio replay service will also be made available after the webcast at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (local): +44 20 3936 2999 Netherlands (local): +31 85 888 7233 United States: +1 646 787 9445 All other locations: +44 20 3936 2999 For the full list of dial in numbers  please refer to the following link: Global Dial-In Numbers Participation password for all countries: 962302Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Heineken N.V.', '2024 full year results', 'Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Media Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director', 'two-year €1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Global Dial-In Numbers Participation password', 'strong free operating cash flow', 'Dolf van den Brink', 'Global Communication Global Director', 'Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus', 'investor video webcast', 'strong operating profit', 'Capital productivity focus', 'Conference Call Details', 'audio replay service', 'following telephone numbers', 'live video webcast', 'double-digit organic increase', '4% to 8% operating profit', 'Senior Analyst E', '40 bps operating margin', 'Heineken N.V.', 'Mainstream beer volume', '2024 full year results', 'global leadership', 'following link', 'full list', 'Solid results', '2024 FY results', 'Net profit', 'beer segment', 'alcoholic beer', '5.0% organic growth', '1.6% organic growth', '8.3% organic growth', '7.3% organic growth', 'Key Highlights', 'Diluted EPS', 'Executive Board', 'four regions', 'emerging markets', 'EverGreen strategy', 'Premium volume', 'leading brands', 'largest markets', 'Savanna cider', 'Southern Africa', 'Gross savings', 'technology initiatives', 'EverGreen priorities', 'web address', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'other locations', 'broad-based growth', 'profit expansion', 'Net revenue', 'Heineken ® volume', 'CEO Statement', 'selling investment', 'Heineken®', 'Amsterdam', '12 February', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'beia', 'hectolitre', 'outlook', 'Chairman', 'developed', 'operations', 'Amstel', 'Brazil', 'Cruzcampo', 'UK', 'Kingfisher', 'India', 'beyond', 'Desperados', 'Marketing', 'funding', 'digital', 'range', 'Enquiries', 'mail', '14:00 CET', '13:00 GMT', 'company', 'website', 'results-reports', 'webcasts', 'presentations', 'Analysts', 'Netherlands', 'countries', 'Attachment']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3024723/0/en/Heineken-Holding-N-V-reports-2024-full-year-results.html,Heineken Holding N.V. reports 2024 full year results,Heineken Holding N.V. reports 2024 full year results    Amsterdam  12 February 2025 – Heineken Holding N.V. [(EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY)] announces:  ...,"Heineken Holding N.V. reports 2024 full year resultsAmsterdam  12 February 2025 – Heineken Holding N.V. [(EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY)] announces:Solid results with broad-based growth and profit expansion in 2024Key HighlightsThe net result of Heineken Holding N.V.'s participating interest in Heineken N.V. for 2024 amounts to €498 millionRevenue €35 955 millionNet revenue (beia) 5.0% organic growth  per hectolitre 3.5%Beer volume 1.6% organic growth; Heineken ® volume up 8.8%volume up 8.8% Operating profit €3 517 million; operating profit (beia) 8.3% organic growthOperating profit (beia) margin 15.1%  up 40 bpsNet profit €978 million; net profit (beia) 7.3% organic growthDiluted EPS (beia) €4.89Free Operating Cash Flow €3 058 millionHeineken Holding N.V. to launch two-year share buyback programme for up to circa €750 millionHeineken Holding N.V to participate pro rata to its shareholding in Heineken N.V.’s €1.5 billion share buyback programmeFull year 2025 outlook: 4% to 8% operating profit (beia) organic growthFinancial Summary1IFRS Measures € million Totalgrowth BEIA Measures € million Organicgrowth2 Revenue 35 955 -1.2% Revenue (beia) 36 077 5.0% Net revenue 29 821 -1.8% Net revenue (beia) 29 964 5.0% Operating profit 3 517 8.9% Operating profit (beia) 4 512 8.3% Operating profit (beia) margin (%) 15.1% Net profit of Heineken Holding N.V. 498 Net profit (beia) 2 739 7.3% Diluted EPS (in €) 1.76 Diluted EPS (beia) (in €) 4.89 4.7% Free operating cash flow 3 058 Net debt / EBITDA (beia)3 2.2x1 Consolidated figures are used throughout this report  unless otherwise stated. Tables will not always cast due to rounding. Please refer to the Glossary for an explanation of non-GAAP measures and other terms. Page 14 includes a reconciliation versus IFRS metrics. These non-GAAP measures are included in internal management reports that are reviewed by the Executive Board of HEINEKEN  as management believes that this measurement is the most relevant in evaluating the results and in performance management. Full year numbers are audited.2 Organic growth shown  except for Diluted EPS (beia)  which is total growth.3 Includes acquisitions and excludes disposals on a 12-month pro-forma basis.HEINEKEN continued executing its EverGreen strategy  successfully returning to balanced growth. To be in a strong position to seize future opportunities  HEINEKEN invests in becoming the best digitally connected brewer  raise the bar on sustainability and responsibility  and evolve its capabilities and culture. To fund HEINEKEN's growth  and deliver on the EverGreen ambitions  HEINEKEN drives productivity and capital efficiency in the pursuit of sustainable  long-term value creation.Revenue for the full year was €36.0 billion (2023: €36.4 billion) a total decrease of 1.2%.Net revenue (beia) increased organically by a solid 5.0% to €30.0 billion  supported in particular by the strong growth of our largest operating companies in Brazil  Mexico  Nigeria  South Africa  Vietnam and India. Total consolidated volume increased by 1.4% with net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 3.5%. The underlying price-mix on a constant geographic basis was up 4.1%  with a positive contribution from all regions.Net revenue (beia) was dampened by a negative translation impact of €1 656 million  or 5.5%  mainly due to the devaluation of the Nigerian Naira  and depreciation of the Brazilian Real and Mexican Peso. The consolidation effect  primarily HEINEKEN's exit from Russia and the sale of Vrumona more than offsetting the acquisition benefit of Distell and Namibian Breweries  had a net negative impact of €193 million  or 0.6%.Beer volume increased organically 1.6% for the full year. All regions contributed to HEINEKEN's growth  with notable increases in India  Nigeria  Vietnam  Brazil and Mexico. HEINEKEN gained or held volume market share in more than half of its markets in 2024.Beer volume 4Q24 Organicgrowth FY24 Organicgrowth (in mhl) 4Q23 FY23 Heineken N.V. 59.4 60.5 1.8% 242.6 240.7 1.6%In the fourth quarter  net revenue (beia) grew organically by 4.7%. Total consolidated volume increased by 1.5%  improving relative to the third quarter. Beer volume increased organically by 1.8%. Net revenue (beia) per hectolitre was up organically 3.1% with a positive price-mix on a constant geographic basis of 3.6%  supported by strong inflation-led pricing in AME and moderate pricing in the other regions.Premium beer volume increased organically by 5.2%  supported in particular by Brazil  Vietnam  India  South Africa  and the UK. This growth is led by Heineken®  complemented by HEINEKEN's international and local premium brands including Kingfisher Ultra  Desperados  and Birra Moretti.Heineken® led HEINEKEN's premium portfolio with a volume growth of 8.8% versus last year. Growth was broad-based across 53 markets  most notably in HEINEKEN's key markets Brazil  China  Vietnam  and Nigeria. Heineken® Silver volume grew in the mid thirties  led by China and Vietnam.Heineken® volume 4Q24 Organicgrowth FY23 FY24 Organicgrowth (in mhl) 4Q23 Total 15.4 16.6 8.1% 56.3 61.1 8.8%Outlook 2025As HEINEKEN advances on its EverGreen journey  HEINEKEN remains committed to its medium-term ambition to deliver superior growth  balanced between volume and value  and continuous productivity improvements to fund investments and enable operating profit (beia) to grow ahead of net revenue (beia) over time.HEINEKEN anticipates ongoing macro-economic challenges that may affect its consumers  including weak consumer sentiment in Europe  volatility  inflationary pressures and currency devaluations across developing markets  and broader geopolitical fluctuations. HEINEKEN's 2025 outlook reflects HEINEKEN's current assessment of these factors as HEINEKEN sees them today.For the full year 2025  HEINEKEN anticipates continued volume and revenue growth. However  the first quarter will face a high comparison base and be impacted by technical factors such as fewer selling days and the timing of Easter and Tết.HEINEKEN expects its variable costs to rise by a mid-single-digit per hectolitre. Excluding Africa & Middle East  where higher local input cost inflation and currency devaluations persist  variable costs are expected to increase by a low-single-digit per hectolitre.HEINEKEN's continuous productivity programme aims to deliver at least €400 million of gross savings in 2025  funding growth  digital transformation  and sustainability initiatives. As it did this year  HEINEKEN intends to further increase in support of its brands and for marketing and selling investments to grow ahead of revenue.Overall  HEINEKEN expects to grow operating profit (beia) organically in the range of 4% to 8%  with:An average effective interest rate (beia) of around 3.5% (2024: 3.5%)of around 3.5% (2024: 3.5%) Other net finance expenses (beia) to be in the range of €225 to €275 million (2024: €271 million)to be in the range of €225 to €275 million (2024: €271 million) An effective tax rate (beia) in the range of 27% to 28% (2024: 27.9%)HEINEKEN expects net profit (beia) organic growth to be broadly in line with the operating profit (beia) organic growth.Lastly  HEINEKEN anticipates maintaining a similar level of capital expenditure this year (2024: 8.2% of net revenue (beia)).Share buyback programme Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V.Heineken Holding N.V. intends to implement a two-year programme to repurchase own shares for an aggregate amount up to circa €750 million.Heineken N.V. intends to simultaneously execute a share buyback programme for an aggregate amount of €1.5 billion. Heineken Holding N.V. intends to participate pro rata to its shareholding in Heineken N.V.’s share buyback programme.Heineken Holding N.V. intends to use the proceeds of its pro rata participation in the Heineken N.V. share buyback programme to purchase a number of Heineken Holding N.V. shares equal to the number of Heineken N.V. shares that Heineken Holding N.V. will sell to Heineken N.V. All shares that are repurchased by Heineken Holding N.V. under the programme will be cancelled. Heineken Holding N.V. intends to distribute any excess proceeds after the repurchase of its own shares to Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders on regular final dividend dates. The share buyback programme may be suspended  modified  or discontinued at any time.The programme will be executed within the existing authority granted in the 25 April 2024 Heineken Holding N.V. Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and the authority granted by future Heineken Holding N.V. general meetings.L'Arche Green N.V.  Heineken Holding N.V.'s majority shareholder  is supportive of the share buyback programme and as such has irrevocably undertaken to vote in favour of any requested share buyback and share cancellation mandates in relation to the announced programme at future general meetings of Heineken Holding N.V. L'Arche Green N.V. remains strongly committed as Heineken Holding’s long-term majority shareholder and will not participate in the programme.Both the Heineken Holding N.V. and Heineken N.V. share buyback programmes will be conducted in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended)  including compliance with safe harbour provisions for such programmes. All transactions under the respective programmes will be published on Heineken Holding N.V.'s or Heineken N.V.'s website  as applicable  through regular press releases and updates.Total Dividend For 2024The Heineken N.V. dividend policy is to pay a ratio of 30% to 40% of full year net profit (beia). For 2024  a total cash dividend of €1.86 per share  a 7.5% increase to last year (2023: €1.73)  for an aggregate amount of €1 042 million. This represents a payout ratio of 38.0%  within the range of Heineken N.V.'s policy  and will be proposed to the Heineken N.V. Annual General Meeting on 17 April 2025. If approved  a final dividend of €1.17 per share will be paid on 2 May 2025  as an interim dividend of €0.69 per share was paid on 8 August 2024.If Heineken N.V. shareholders approve the proposed dividend  Heineken Holding N.V. will  according to its Articles of Association  pay an identical dividend per share. A final dividend of €1.17 per share of €1.60 nominal value will be payable as of 2 May 2025.Both the Heineken Holding N.V. shares and the Heineken N.V. shares will trade ex-dividend on 23 April 2025. The dividend payment will be subject to a 15% Dutch withholding tax.Translational Calculated Currency ImpactThe translational currency impact for 2024 was negative on net revenue (beia) by €1 656 million  on operating profit (beia) by €236 million and on net profit beia by €54 million.Applying spot rates of 10 February 2025 to the 2024 financial results as a base  the calculated negative currency translational impact for the full year would be approximately €180 million in net revenue (beia)  €80 million at operating profit (beia)  and €40 million at net profit (beia).Board of Directors CompositionThe Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V. announced on 13 December 2024 that it will propose at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) in April 2025 to appoint Jean-Marc Huët as non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V.  for the maximum period of four years  i.e. until the AGM in 2029. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr Huët as Chair of the Board of Directors  conditional upon his appointment as non-executive member of the Board of Directors.Jean-Marc Huët (1969) is a Dutch national. Mr Huët holds an MBA from INSEAD (Fontainebleau  France) and a bachelor's degree from Dartmouth College (New Hampshire  USA). Mr Huët is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lonza Group. Mr Huët also serves as Chair of the Supervisory Board of Vermaat Groep. Mr Huët will step down as member and Chair of the Supervisory Board of Heineken N.V. at the AGM of Heineken N.V. in April 2025.Maarten Das will retire as non-executive member and Chair of the Board of Directors when his current term ends at the AGM in April 2025. Mr Das was first appointed to the Board of Directors in 1994 and held the role of Chair since 2002.Furthermore  the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V. announced that it will propose at the AGM in April 2025 to reappoint Alexander de Carvalho as non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Heineken Holding N.V.  for a next four-year term.EnquiriesMedia Heineken Holding N.V. Kees Jongsma tel. +31 6 54 79 82 53 E-mail: cjongsma@spj.nl Media Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Investor Calendar HEINEKENAnnual report publication 20 February 2025 Trading Update for Q1 2025 16 April 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 17 April 2025 Quotation ex-final dividend 2024 23 April 2025 Final dividend 2024 payable 2 May 2025 Half Year 2025 Results 28 July 2025 Quotation ex-interim dividend 2025 30 July 2025 Interim dividend payable 31 July 2025 Trading Update for Q3 2025 22 October 2025 Capital Markets Event in Seville  Spain 23-24 October 2025Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor video webcast about its 2024 FY results today  12 February  at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT/ 08.00 EST. This call will also be accessible for Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders. The live video webcast will be accessible via the Heineken N.V.’s website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/results-reports-webcasts-and-presentations .An audio replay service will also be made available after the webcast at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (local): +44 20 3936 2999 Netherlands (local): +31 85 888 7233 United States: +1 646 787 9445 All other locations: +44 20 3936 2999 For the full list of dial in numbers  please refer to the following link: Global Dial-In Numbers Participation password for all countries: 962302Editorial information:Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company. HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. HEINEKEN's dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN operates breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on www.heinekenholding.com and www.theheinekencompany.com and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Market Abuse Regulation:This press release may contain price-sensitive information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regards to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.26,0.17,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', '2024 full year results', '4Q24 Organic growth FY23 FY24 Organic', '4Q23 FY23 Heineken N.V.', 'Heineken Holding N.V. 498 Net profit', 'Beer volume 4Q24 Organic growth', 'sustainable, long-term value creation', 'two-year share buyback programme', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Free Operating Cash Flow', 'organic growth Financial Summary1', 'FY24 Organic growth', 'volume market share', '12-month pro-forma basis', 'constant geographic basis', 'negative translation impact', 'local premium brands', 'largest operating companies', 'net negative impact', '4% to 8% operating profit', 'Premium beer volume', 'internal management reports', 'strong inflation-led pricing', 'Heineken® Silver volume', 'Full year numbers', 'Total consolidated volume', '2024 full year results', '5.0% organic growth', '1.6% organic growth', '8.3% organic growth', '7.3% organic growth', '2 Organic growth', 'Organic growth2', 'Heineken ® volume', 'Heineken® volume', 'volume growth', 'total growth', '15.1% Net profit', '1 Consolidated figures', 'premium portfolio', 'strong growth', 'total decrease', 'moderate pricing', 'profit expansion', 'net result', '3,058 Net debt', 'strong position', 'last year', 'broad-based growth', 'balanced growth', 'Solid results', 'Key Highlights', 'participating interest', 'Net revenue', 'Diluted EPS', 'IFRS Measures', 'GAAP measures', 'other terms', 'IFRS metrics', 'Executive Board', 'performance management', 'EverGreen strategy', 'future opportunities', 'EverGreen ambitions', 'capital efficiency', 'South Africa', 'underlying price-mix', 'positive contribution', 'Nigerian Naira', 'Brazilian Real', 'Mexican Peso', 'consolidation effect', 'acquisition benefit', 'Namibian Breweries', 'notable increases', 'fourth quarter', 'third quarter', 'positive price-mix', 'Kingfisher Ultra', 'Birra Moretti', 'mid thirties', 'other regions', 'key markets', 'BEIA Measures', '53 markets', 'Amsterdam', '12 February', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'hectolitre', 'margin', 'rata', 'shareholding', 'outlook', 'EBITDA', 'Tables', 'rounding', 'Glossary', 'explanation', 'Page', 'reconciliation', 'measurement', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'bar', 'sustainability', 'responsibility', 'capabilities', 'culture', 'productivity', 'pursuit', 'Mexico', 'Vietnam', 'India', 'devaluation', 'depreciation', 'exit', 'Russia', 'sale', 'Vrumona', 'Distell', 'half', 'mhl', 'AME', 'UK', 'international', 'Desperados', 'China']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3024752/0/en/Casino-Group-Dutch-court-approves-buy-out-of-minority-shareholders-of-Cnova-N-V.html,Casino Group: Dutch court approves buy-out of minority shareholders of Cnova N.V.,Dutch court approves buy-out of minority shareholders of Cnova N.V.  Paris  12 February 2025  Casino  Guichard-Perrachon S.A. (Euronext Paris: CO;...,"Dutch court approves buy-out of minority shareholdersof Cnova N.V.Paris  12 February 2025Casino  Guichard-Perrachon S.A. (Euronext Paris: CO; ISIN: FR001400OKR3) (""Casino"") announces as follows: on 11 February 2025  the Enterprise Chamber of the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam  the Netherlands (the ""Enterprise Chamber"") rendered its judgment in the buy-out proceedings initiated by Casino against the other shareholders of Cnova N.V. (""Cnova""). Reference is also made to Casino's press release regarding the buy-out proceedings of 17 October 2024.The Enterprise Chamber ruled that EUR 0.09 is a fair buy-out price per share in Cnova and ordered all shareholders to transfer their shares in Cnova to Casino  in exchange for a payment of EUR 0.09 per share in cash  to be increased by statutory interest from 30 June 2024 until the date of transfer of the shares or the date of consignment (as explained below).Shareholders of Cnova may comply with the Enterprise Chamber's judgment voluntarily by transferring their shares in Cnova to Casino. Casino will shortly announce modalities and other details for the voluntary transfer which should be open for a period of ten weeks.On or shortly after the end of the period for voluntary transfer  Casino will enforce the judgment of the Enterprise Chamber against all shareholders who did not participate in the voluntary transfer  by paying the aggregate buy-out price for the remaining shares in Cnova to the consignment fund of the Dutch Ministry of Finance  as a result of which such shares will be transferred to Casino unencumbered and by operation of law. Subsequently  former shareholders will only be entitled to payment of the buy-out price from the consignment fund of the Dutch Ministry of Finance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The link to the website of the consignment fund  an informal English translation of the relevant pages and the form through which shareholders can claim the buy-out price at the consignment fund  will be published on Casino's website in due course.***This communication is for informational purposes only under the current applicable laws and regulations  and is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein  nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS CONTACTSCharlotte IZABEL - cizabel@groupe-casino.fr - Tél : +33 (0)6 89 19 88 33IR_Casino@groupe-casino.fr - Tél : +33 (0)1 53 65 24 17PRESS CONTACTSCasino Group – Communications DepartmentStéphanie ABADIE - sabadie@groupe-casino.fr - Tél : +33 (0)6 26 27 37 05directiondelacommunication@groupe-casino.fr - Tél : + 33(0)1 53 65 24 78Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.0,0.36,0.64,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', 'Casino Group', 'Dutch court', 'minority shareholders', 'PRESS CONTACTS Casino Group', 'Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'informal English translation', 'Stéphanie ABADIE', 'fair buy-out price', 'aggregate buy-out price', 'current applicable laws', 'Cnova N.V.', 'The Enterprise Chamber', 'press release', 'INVESTORS CONTACTS', 'statutory interest', 'other details', 'ten weeks', 'Dutch Ministry', 'relevant pages', 'due course', 'informational purposes', 'Charlotte IZABEL', 'Tél', 'Communications Department', 'buy-out proceedings', 'consignment fund', 'voluntary transfer', 'securities laws', 'Dutch court', 'Euronext Paris', 'minority shareholders', 'other shareholders', 'former shareholders', 'remaining shares', '12 February', 'ISIN', '11 February', 'Appeal', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'judgment', 'Reference', '17 October', 'exchange', 'payment', 'cash', '30 June', 'date', 'modalities', 'period', 'end', 'Finance', 'result', 'operation', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'link', 'website', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'qualification', 'ANALYSTS', 'cizabel', 'groupe-casino', 'fr', 'IR_Casino', 'sabadie', 'directiondelacommunication', 'Attachment', '6']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3024750/34483/en/Cnova-N-V-Enterprise-Chamber-approves-buy-out-of-minority-shareholders.html,Cnova N.V.: Enterprise Chamber approves buy-out of minority shareholders,CNOVA N.V.Enterprise Chamber approves buy-out of minority shareholders       AMSTERDAM – February 12  2025  08:15 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV;......,"CNOVA N.V.Enterprise Chamber approves buy-out of minority shareholdersAMSTERDAM – February 12  2025  08:15 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) today announces that the Enterprise Chamber of the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam  the Netherlands (the ""Enterprise Chamber"") has rendered its judgment in the buy-out proceedings initiated by Casino  Guichard-Perrachon S.A. (Euronext Paris: CO; ISIN: FR001400OKR3) (""Casino"") against the other shareholders of Cnova.The Enterprise Chamber has ruled that the buy-out price offered by Casino of EUR 0.09 per share in Cnova is fair and has ordered the transfer of all shares in Cnova held by the other Cnova shareholders to Casino  in exchange for a payment of EUR 0.09 per share in cash  to be increased by statutory interest from June 30  2024 until the date of transfer of the shares or the date of consignment (as explained below).Shareholders of Cnova may comply with the Enterprise Chamber's judgment voluntarily by transferring their shares in Cnova to Casino. Casino will shortly announce modalities and other details for the voluntary transfer which should be open for a period of ten weeks. Shareholders will then have to contact their bank  broker or financial intermediary to obtain information on how to transfer their shares in Cnova to Casino.On or shortly after the end of the period for voluntary transfer  Casino will enforce the Enterprise Chamber’s judgment against all shareholders who did not participate in the voluntary transfer  by paying the aggregate buy-out price for the remaining shares in Cnova to the consignment fund of the Dutch Ministry of Finance  as a result of which such shares will be transferred to Casino unencumbered and by operation of law. Subsequently  former shareholders will only be entitled to payment of the buy-out price from the consignment fund of the Dutch Ministry of Finance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The link to the website of the consignment fund  an informal English translation of the relevant pages and the form through which shareholders can claim the buy-out price at the consignment fund  will be published on Casino's website.Casino announced earlier that once the buy-out proceedings are completed  it would contemplate to ask for the delisting of Cnova’s shares from Euronext Paris. Cnova intends to accommodate this request and take all actions required to effectuate the delisting.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 7.0 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel and entertainment services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-Logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Casino group  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel : +33 6 17 76 79 71Attachment",neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', 'Enterprise Chamber', 'minority shareholders', 'buy', 'CNOVA N.V. Enterprise Chamber', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', '08:15 CET Cnova N.V.', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Guichard-Perrachon S.A.', 'informal English translation', '7.0 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'French ecommerce leader', 'The Enterprise Chamber', 'aggregate buy-out price', 'innovative payment solutions', 'other Cnova shareholders', 'financial intermediary', 'Media contact', 'Service solutions', 'other details', 'Dutch Ministry', 'Euronext Paris', 'statutory interest', 'ten weeks', 'applicable laws', 'relevant pages', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'entertainment services', 'B2B clients', 'advertising services', 'news releases', 'press release', 'gereglementeerde informatie', 'financieel toezicht', 'French law', 'other shareholders', 'consignment fund', 'buy-out proceedings', 'minority shareholders', 'former shareholders', 'voluntary transfer', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'art website', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'remaining shares', 'Casino group', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'CNV', 'Company', 'Court', 'Appeal', 'Netherlands', 'judgment', 'exchange', 'cash', 'June', 'date', 'modalities', 'period', 'bank', 'broker', 'end', 'Finance', 'result', 'operation', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'link', 'delisting', 'request', 'actions', 'state', 'product', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-Logistics', 'part', 'sites', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'Tel', 'directiondelacommunication', 'solis', 'Attachment', '33']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025254/0/en/NEURONES-8-6-organic-growth-in-2024.html,NEURONES: 8.6% organic growth in 2024,PRESS INFORMATIONHeading: 2024 annual revenues        Nanterre  February 12  2025 (after trading)  8.6% organic growth in 2024 (being audited  in €......,PRESS INFORMATIONHeading: 2024 annual revenues Nanterre  February 12  2025 (after trading)8.6% organic growth in 2024(being audited  in € millions) 2023 2024 Growth of which organic Revenues 741.2 810.4 + 9.3% + 8.6%AchievementsForecasts for the year were exceeded  both in terms of activity and operating profit:revenues totaled €810.4 million  up 9.3% (with 8.1% growth in Q4 );operating profit represented 9.6% of revenues (€77.9 million *).With double-digit growth  the Group's expansion is driven by digital projects  data  cybersecurity  public clouds  sovereign ans trusted clouds (SecNumCloud).The Group’s net increase in the payroll of 340 by 2024 has been supplemented by greater use of subcontracting.The full final annual results will be published on Wednesday  March 5  2025 after the stock exchange closes.OutlookAs usual  the forecasts for 2025 will be posted along with the Group's Q1 revenues.* being audited.About NEURONESWith 7 100 experts  and ranking among the French leaders in consulting and digital services  NEURONES helps large companies and organizations implement their digital projects  transform their IT infrastructures and adopt new uses.Euronext Paris (compartment B - NRO) – Euronext Tech Leaders – DSS mid-caps – ‘PEA-PME’ eligiblewww.neurones.netPress Relations:O'ConnectionJulia Philippe-BrutinTel.: +33 (0)6 03 63 06 03jpbrutin@oconnection.frNEURONESMatthieu VautierTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37rp@neurones.netInvestor Relations:NEURONESPaul-César BonnelTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37investisseurs@neurones.netAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['8.6% organic growth', 'NEURONES', '2024', 'sovereign ans trusted clouds', 'full final annual results', 'Paul-César Bonnel', 'PRESS INFORMATION Heading', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'public clouds', '2024 annual revenues', 'French leaders', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press Relations', 'operating profit', 'digital projects', 'net increase', 'greater use', 'stock exchange', 'digital services', 'large companies', 'IT infrastructures', 'new uses', 'compartment B', 'DSS mid-caps', ""O'Connection"", 'Julia Philippe-Brutin', 'Matthieu Vautier', 'Investor Relations', 'organic Revenues', 'Q1 revenues', '8.6% organic growth', 'double-digit growth', 'The Group', '8.1% growth', 'Nanterre', 'February', 'trading', 'millions', 'Achievements', 'Forecasts', 'year', 'terms', 'activity', 'Q4', 'expansion', 'data', 'cybersecurity', 'SecNumCloud', 'payroll', 'subcontracting', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'Outlook', 'NEURONES', '7,100 experts', 'consulting', 'organizations', 'NRO', 'PEA-PME', 'Tel.', 'jpbrutin', 'oconnection', 'investisseurs', 'Attachment', '2025']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025275/0/en/Rexel-Board-of-Directors-Renewal-of-three-Directors-and-of-the-Chief-Executive-Officer.html,Rexel: Board of Directors - Renewal of three Directors and of the Chief Executive Officer,BOARD OF DIRECTORS RENEWAL OF THREE DIRECTORSAND OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  Rexel's Board of Directors  which met today  unanimously decided  on...,BOARD OF DIRECTORSRENEWAL OF THREE DIRECTORSAND OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERRexel's Board of Directors  which met today  unanimously decided  on the recommendation of the Nomination  Governance and CSR Committee:to propose to the Shareholders Meeting of 29 April 2025 that the terms of office of Marcus Alexanderson  Guillaume Texier and Agnès Touraine be renewed for a further four years  andto renew in advance  Guillaume Texier's term of office as Chief Executive Officer for a period of four years  with effect at the close of the Shareholders Meeting of 29 April 2025 called to vote on the renewal of his term of office as Director.The Board of Directors will not submit to the said Shareholders' Meeting the renewal of Maria Richter's term of office as Director in view of the length of her service on the Board. Maria Richter has been a member of Rexel's Board of Directors since 22 May 2014.Agnès Touraine  Chairwoman of Rexel's Board of Directors  said: “The Board of Directors warmly thanks Maria Richter for her availability and her contribution to the Board's work over the years”.ABOUT THE REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance.Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 950 branches in 19 countries  with more than 27 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €19.4 billion in 2024.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: MSCI World  CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSEBrunswick: Laurence FROST +33 6 31 65 57 06 lfrost@brunswickgroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Executive Officer', 'three Directors', 'Rexel', 'Board', 'Renewal', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', 'S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', 'STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders', 'Agnès Touraine', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER', 'multichannel professional distribution', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'three main markets', 'following SRI indices', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'following indices', 'Euronext Paris', 'Shareholders Meeting', 'Marcus Alexanderson', 'Guillaume Texier', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Maria Richter', 'energy world', 'scalable range', 'energy management', 'Eurolist market', 'compartment A', 'ticker RXL', 'ISIN code', 'MSCI World', 'CAC Next', 'CAC Large', 'CAC SBT', 'CAC AllTrade', 'CAC AllShares', 'FTSE EuroMid', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'Laurence FROST', 'four years', 'THREE DIRECTORS', 'CSR Committee', 'The Group', 'industrial customers', 'REXEL GROUP', 'Ludovic DEBAILLEUX', 'BOARD', 'RENEWAL', 'recommendation', 'Governance', '29 April', 'terms', 'advance', 'period', 'effect', 'close', 'view', 'length', 'service', 'member', '22 May', 'Chairwoman', 'availability', 'contribution', 'work', 'expert', 'products', 'residential', 'commercial', 'tailored', 'construction', 'renovation', 'production', 'maintenance', '1,950 branches', '19 countries', '27,000 employees', 'sales', 'SBF', 'NR', 'STOXX600', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'recognition', 'performance', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'PRESSE', 'Brunswick', 'lfrost', 'Attachment', '120']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025442/0/en/Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Capital-of-the-Company.html,Voting Rights and Shares Capital of the Company,In accordance with articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers),In accordance with articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers)PARIS  Feb. 12  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Paris  France  February 12  2025Market: Euronext Paris / NasdaqEuronext Compartment: BISIN code: FR0011341205Nasdaq: NBTXBloomberg: NANO:FPReuters: NANO.PAWebsite: www.nanobiotix.comDate Number of SharesOutstanding Total number of voting rights Total voting rights theoretical1 Total voting rights exercisable2 January 31  2025 47 426 851 49 208 659 49 186 541About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States) amongst other locations.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 25 patent families associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.com Investor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.com Media RelationsFrance – HARDYCaroline Hardy+33 06 70 33 49 50carolinehardy@outlook.frGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.com1 The total number of theoretical (or “gross”) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.2 The total number of exercisable at a shareholders’ meeting (or “net”) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended as shares held in treasury by the Company. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.2,0.33,True,English,"['Voting Rights', 'Shares Capital', 'Company', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'theoretical1 Total voting rights', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'French Commercial Code', 'Marchés Financiers', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'AMF General Regulations', 'NANO.PA Website', 'gross”) voting rights', 'Investor Relations Department', 'Outstanding Total number', 'Nanobiotix Communications Department', 'ISIN code', 'Media Relations', 'The Company', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Compartment', 'Date Number', 'treatment outcomes', 'human life', 'United States', 'other locations', '25 patent families', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Kevin Gardner', 'threshold crossings', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'Caroline Hardy', 'Euronext Paris', 'accordance', 'articles', 'Autorité', 'Feb.', 'France', 'February', 'NBTX', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Shares', 'millions', 'patients', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'December', 'subsidiaries', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'owner', 'applications', 'oncology', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'carolinehardy', 'kgardner', 'lifesciadvisors', 'basis', 'net', 'account', 'treasury', 'public', 'Attachment', '06']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025258/0/en/McPhy-Energy-Financial-calendar-for-2025.html,McPhy Energy: Financial calendar for 2025,Foussemagne (France)  on February 12  2025 – 5:45 pm CET – McPhy Energy  a leading European player in alkaline electrolyzer technology and manufacturing  today announces its indicative financial calendar for 2025.,Foussemagne (France)  on February 12  2025 – 5:45 pm CET – McPhy Energy  a leading European player in alkaline electrolyzer technology and manufacturing  today announces its indicative financial calendar for 2025.Indicative Financial Calendar:Events Dates* 2024 Annual Revenue February 19  2025 2024 Annual Results March 31  2025(*) The press releases will be issued after the close of trading. Information may be subject to change.ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy Energy is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR0011742329  ticker: ALMCP).CONTACTSInvestor RelationsNewCapEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress RelationsDGM ConseilPascal Pogamp.pogam@dgm-conseil.fr / T. +33 (0)6 03 62 27 65Henry Debreuillyhg.debreuilly@dgm-conseil.fr / T. +33 (0) 6 13 11 38 74Follow us on@McPhyEnergyAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['McPhy Energy', 'Financial calendar', '2025', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'industrial raw material supply', 'leading European player', 'alkaline electrolyzer technology', 'indicative financial calendar', 'broad commercial coverage', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'innovative hydrogen solutions', 'Henry Debreuilly hg', 'hydrogen production equipment', 'industrial, mobility', 'hydrogen equipment', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'turnkey solutions', 'production centers', 'Events Dates', '2024 Annual Revenue', '2024 Annual Results', 'press releases', 'global deployment', 'energy transition', 'complete range', 'energy sectors', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'international subsidiaries', 'ISIN code', 'Investor Relations', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Press Relations', 'McPhyEnergy Attachment', 'Pascal Pogam', 'McPhy Energy', 'DGM Conseil', 'Foussemagne', 'France', 'February', 'manufacturing', 'close', 'trading', 'Information', 'change', 'products', 'customers', 'applications', 'recharging', 'storage', 'recovery', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'integrator', 'engineering', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'ticker', 'ALMCP', 'CONTACTS', 'NewCap', 'T.', '5:45', '2025', '1', '6']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025276/0/en/LECTRA-Q4-and-Full-Year-2024-financial-report-available.html,LECTRA: Q4 and Full Year 2024 financial report available,Q4 and Full Year 2024 financial report available  Paris  February 12  2025 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with article 221-4-IV of...,Q4 and Full Year 2024 financial report availableParis  February 12  2025 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with article 221-4-IV of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers  that the Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations for the fourth quarter and the full year 2024 is available on the company's website: www.lectra.comIt is also available  upon request  at the company's headquarters 16-18 rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris (email: investor.relations@lectra.com)About LectraA major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the development of Industry 4.0 with boldness and passion  fully integrating Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) into its global strategy. The Group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  cutting equipment  data analysis solutions and associated services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The Group is proud to state that its 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 527 million euros in 2024. The company is listed on Euronext  where it is included in the following indices: CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150. For more information  visit lectra.com .Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 966 274• RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Full Year 2024 financial report', 'LECTRA', 'Q4', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'Full Year 2024 financial report', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'CAC All Shares', '16-18 rue Chalgrin', 'data analysis solutions', 'RCS Paris B', 'Financial Conditions', 'CAC Technology', 'General Regulation', 'Management Discussion', 'fourth quarter', 'major player', 'furniture markets', 'global strategy', 'The Group', 'cutting equipment', 'associated services', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '527 million euros', 'following indices', 'ENT PEA-PME', 'World Headquarters', '75016 Paris', 'Q4', 'Lectra', 'shareholders', 'compliance', 'article', 'IV', 'Results', 'Operations', 'company', 'website', 'request', 'investor', 'relations', 'fashion', 'development', 'Industry', 'boldness', 'CSR', 'software', 'companies', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '3,000 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'Euronext', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025019/0/en/Icelandic-Salmon-Invitation-to-presentation-of-the-fourth-quarter-2024-results.html,Icelandic Salmon - Invitation to presentation of the fourth quarter 2024 results,Bíldudalur  12th of February 2025.  Icelandic Salmon will present its results for the fourth quarter of 2024 on Tuesday  18th of February 2025.  The......,Bíldudalur  12th of February 2025.Icelandic Salmon will present its results for the fourth quarter of 2024 on Tuesday  18th of February 2025.The presentation will be held in English via webcast. To access it  please copy and paste the following link into your browser: arnarlax.webcast.is (https://www.webcast.is/)CEO Bjørn Hembre and CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson will present the company's results at 9:00 Icelandic time (10:00 CET).A Q&A session will follow the presentation  and questions can be submitted during the presentation to questions@arnarlax.is (mailto:questions@arnarlax.is)A recording of the presentation will be made available on the company's website.After the presentation  there will be an opportunity to book one-on-one meeting either at our office in Kópavogur (Urðarhvarf 14) or via Teams  between 10:15 - 15:00 Icelandic time (11:15-16:00 CET). If you are interested in scheduling a meeting  please send an email to hjortur@arnarlax.is (mailto:hjortur@arnarlax.is).The results will be available from 05:30 Icelandic time (06:30 CET) on the company’s homepage at www.arnarlax.is  Oslo Stock Exchange's page at www.newsweb.com  Nasdaq’s page at https://www.nasdaq.com/  and on Globe Newswire at http://newsroom globenewswire.com/newsroomFor further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn Hembre Tel: +354 620 1936 Email: bjorn@arnarlax.is (mailto:bjorn@arnarlax.is)CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson Tel: +354 855 7760Email: jonas@arnarlax.is (mailto:jonas@arnarlax.is)About Icelandic Salmon: Icelandic Salmon is listed at the Euronext Growth in Oslo and NASDAQ First North in Reykjavík. The company is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with their head office in Bildudalur. The company is fully integrated  from egg to the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain. See https://www.arnarlax.is (https://www.arnarlax.is/) for more information about the company.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['fourth quarter 2024 results', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'Invitation', 'presentation', 'CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', 'A Q&A session', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'NASDAQ First North', 'leading farming company', 'Bíldudalur', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'fourth quarter', 'following link', '9:00 Icelandic time', 'Kópavogur', 'Urðarhvarf', '15:00 Icelandic time', '05:30 Icelandic time', 'Globe Newswire', 'Euronext Growth', 'Reykjavík', 'value chain', 'disclosure requirements', 'one meeting', 'head office', 'Arnarlax ehf', 'arnarlax.is', '12th', 'February', 'results', 'Tuesday', '18th', 'presentation', 'English', 'webcast', 'browser', 'questions', 'mailto', 'recording', 'website', 'opportunity', 'Teams', 'email', 'hjortur', 'homepage', 'newsweb', 'newsroom', 'globenewswire', 'information', 'Tel', 'bjorn', 'jonas', '100% owner', 'Bildudalur', 'egg', 'fish', 'customers', 'market', 'control', 'parts', 'Section', '10:15']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3024729/0/en/Crossject-announces-the-reappointment-of-Patrick-Alexandre-and-Isabelle-Liebschutz-as-members-of-new-streamlined-Executive-Board.html,Crossject announces the reappointment of Patrick Alexandre and Isabelle Liebschutz as members of new  streamlined Executive Board,Dijon  FRANCE  February 12  2025 – 0730 (CET) – Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext Growth : ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company developing medicines harnessing its unique  award-winning needle-free ZENEO® auto-injector to deliver life-saving medicines in e…,Dijon  FRANCE  February 12  2025 – 0730 (CET) – Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext Growth : ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company developing medicines harnessing its unique  award-winning needle-free ZENEO® auto-injector to deliver life-saving medicines in emergency situations  today announces that  as of February 17  its Executive Board will be made up of Patrick Alexandre  Chairman  and Isabelle Liebschutz  Quality and Regulatory Affairs Director and the Company’s qualified person. Their terms of office were renewed by the Supervisory Board at its meeting on 11 February  for a period of 4 years. Olivier Giré's membership of the Executive Board was not renewed in view of his upcoming departure from Crossject  and will expire on February 17  2025.The new Executive Board  appointed unanimously by the Supervisory Board  has been purposely streamlined and will focus on the final stages of ZEPIZURE®'s registration with the FDA  a key step in Crossject's transformation towards direct marketing in the United States.Patrick Alexandre  Chairman of the Management Board  and Philippe Monnot  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  commented: “On behalf of the entire team and the Supervisory Board  we would like to warmly thank Olivier Giré for his major contributions to the quality of the relationships established with numerous international partners  and through all the operational stages that have enabled Crossject to validate its ZENEO® platform.”Olivier Giré added: “I would like to thank the entire Crossject team for the intense years we have together successfully dedicated to the emergence of a unique technology capable of revolutionizing the clinical value of injectables in numerous indications. I wish the team every success in the launch of ZEPIZURE® and of the rest of its current portfolio of product candidates  as well as in future initiatives exploiting the ZENEO® technology.”In addition to its two members  who were part of Crossject's founding team  the Executive Board will be able to rely on experienced executive to drive the company’s growth over the next 18 months:Tony Tipton  Chief Operating Officer USAOlivier Lacombe  Director Pharmaceutical DevelopmentMarianne Svensson  Director FinanceDidier Morin  Industrial DirectorAbout CrossjectCrossject SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com) is an emerging specialty pharma company. It is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). ZEPIZURE® is based on the Company’s award-winning needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®  designed to enable patients and untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver emergency medication via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include rescue therapies for allergic shocks  adrenal insufficiencies  opioid overdose and asthma attacks.* Contract no: 75A50122C00031 with the Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Research and Development AuthorityFor further information  please go to www.crossject.com  or contact:InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  all statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to  without limitation  (i) change without notice  (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control  (iii) clinical trial results  (iv) regulatory requirements  (v) increased manufacturing costs  (vi) market access  (vii) competition and (viii) potential claims on its products or intellectual property. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “objective ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from the expected results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the Company’s 2023 Annual Report. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are made only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law.This press release has been prepared in French and English. In the event of any differences between the texts  the French language version shall prevail.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.3,0.43,True,English,"['new, streamlined Executive Board', 'Patrick Alexandre', 'Isabelle Liebschutz', 'Crossject', 'reappointment', 'members', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'unique, award-winning needle-free ZENEO® auto-injector', 'Natasha Drapeau Cohesion Bureau', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'emerging specialty pharma company', 'needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'advanced regulatory development', 'numerous international partners', 'epileptic rescue therapy', 'clinical trial results', 'Regulatory Affairs Director', 'new Executive Board', 'Biomedical Research', 'entire Crossject team', 'unique technology', 'ZENEO® platform', 'ZENEO® technology', 'regulatory requirements', 'entire team', 'clinical value', 'numerous indications', 'rescue therapies', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'experienced executive', 'Supervisory Board', 'Management Board', 'emergency situations', 'Patrick Alexandre', 'Isabelle Liebschutz', 'qualified person', 'Olivier Giré', 'upcoming departure', 'final stages', 'key step', 'direct marketing', 'United States', 'Philippe Monnot', 'major contributions', 'operational stages', 'current portfolio', 'product candidates', 'future initiatives', 'two members', 'founding team', 'next 18 months', 'Tony Tipton', 'Olivier Lacombe', 'Pharmaceutical Development', 'Marianne Svensson', 'Director Finance', 'Didier Morin', 'Industrial Director', 'Development Authority', 'untrained caregivers', 'emergency medication', 'intramuscular injection', 'bare skin', 'allergic shocks', 'adrenal insufficiencies', 'opioid overdose', 'asthma attacks', 'Human Services', 'Strategic Preparedness', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'historical fact', 'future events', 'manufacturing costs', 'market access', 'potential claims', 'intellectual property', 'similar meaning', '2023 Annual Report', 'undue reliance', 'The Company', 'forward-looking statements', 'life-saving medicines', 'intense years', '$60 million contract', 'other products', 'other words', 'inherent risks', 'Crossject SA', 'Euronext Growth', '4 years', 'Dijon', 'FRANCE', 'February', 'CET', 'ISIN', 'ALCJ', 'Chairman', 'Quality', 'terms', 'meeting', 'period', 'membership', 'view', 'ZEPIZURE', 'registration', 'FDA', 'transformation', 'behalf', 'relationships', 'emergence', 'injectables', 'success', 'launch', 'rest', 'addition', 'USA', 'BARDA', 'patients', 'clothing', 'Department', 'Health', 'Administration', 'Response', 'information', 'Investors', 'cohesionbureau', 'Media', 'expectations', 'limitation', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'control', 'vii', 'competition', 'target', 'believe', 'plan', 'project', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'description', 'contingencies', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'Readers', 'obligation']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025260/0/en/KL%C3%89PIERRE-STRONG-2024-OUTPERFORMANCE-WITH-POSITIVE-OUTLOOK-FOR-2025.html,KLÉPIERRE: STRONG 2024 OUTPERFORMANCE WITH POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR 2025,PRESS RELEASE  STRONG 2024 OUTPERFORMANCE WITH POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR 2025  Paris — February 12  2025  Total accounting return(1 )at 15% in 2024  2024...,PRESS RELEASESTRONG 2024 OUTPERFORMANCE WITH POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR 2025Paris — February 12  2025Total accounting return(1 )at 15% in 20242024 net current cash flow up 5.3% vs. 2023 to €2.60 per share  exceeding the mid-range of the initial guidance by more than 5%EBITDA ( 2 ) up 6.9% year-on-yearup 6.9% year-on-year Like-for-like ( 3 ) net rental income up 6.3%  outpacing indexation by 350 basis pointsnet rental income up 6.3%  outpacing indexation by 350 basis points Increased cash dividend to shareholders of €1.85 ( 4 ) per shareper share Significant capital appreciation with EPRA NTA up 8.9% over 12 months at €32.8 per share  fueled by a 4.1% like-for-like increase in portfolio valuationKlépierre  the leading shopping malls pure player with exclusive focus on continental Europe  delivered an unrivaled performance in 2024(5):Upward trend in retailer sales  up 4.0% ( 6 ) like-for-like in 2024 resulting in a 12.6% occupancy cost ratio  down 20 basis points year-on-yearlike-for-like in 2024 resulting in a 12.6% occupancy cost ratio  down 20 basis points year-on-year Financial occupancy rate at 96.5%  up 50 basis points year-on-year1 725 leases signed  up 4% in volume over the year  with a 4.0% positive rental upliftHigh investment grade balance sheet and further improved credit metrics: historic low net debt to EBITDA at 7.1x  LTV at 36.5% and ICR at 7.4xUndisputed ESG leadership in European real estate and CDP including Klépierre in its “A List” for the fourth timeThe Group enters 2025 with good visibility on rental income growth backed by low occupancy cost ratios and market share gains in a context of scarcity of high-quality retail locations.2025 guidance:EBITDA ( 2 ) growth expected at 3%growth expected at 3% Net current cash flow expected at €2.60-2.65 per shareIFRS consolidated net income: €1 249.2 million (attributable to owners of the parent: €1 097.5 million)HIGHLIGHTS OF THE PERIODStrong operating fundamentals driving substantial rental income outperformanceIn the context of a flight-to-quality for retailers seeking the best locations to support their omnichannel strategy  Klépierre’s positioning on dominant malls in Continental Europe continued to deliver in 2024. Leasing demand for the Group’s venues was buoyant with 1 725 leases signed (up 4% in volume terms year-on-year)  generating 4% positive rental uplift on renewals and relettings.The average remaining duration of leases was stable at 5.1 years  reflecting the Group’s strategy of favoring long-term leases providing high visibility on rents. Occupancy also improved throughout the year reaching 96.5% as of December 31  2024  up 50 basis points versus one year earlier.The occupancy cost ratio decreased to 12.6% (down 20 basis points over 12 months)  showcasing the affordable level of rents and paving the way for rental growth in 2025.Lastly  thanks to a strong performance in the fourth quarter  full-year retailer sales increased by 4.0% on a like-for like basis while footfall was up 2.5%. In 2024  net rental income amounted to €1 066.1 million  up 6.1% year on year or 6.3% on a like-for-like basis(3)  outstripping indexation by a significant 350 basis points  driven by higher collection and occupancy rates as well as by an 8.4% like-for-like increase in additional revenues (turnover rents  car park revenues and mall income).The strong prospects for large regional malls were further confirmed by consumers in last fall’s OpinionWay European study on shopping centers(7). Physical retail is the reference for Europeans when it comes to shopping (according to 55% of respondents) and shopping centers are by far the most popular destination (40%)  particularly among young people (46%). In addition to being the top choice shopping centers are also the most visited retail places with 73% of Europeans visiting them regularly. The preference for shopping centers stems from the variety of stores and experiences they offer.Growing cash flow and outstanding capital appreciationEBITDA(2) was up 6.9% year-on-year  driven by the strong net rental income growth  combined with higher management fees and disciplined control over payroll and G&A. Alongside a contained increase in financial expenses  this momentum directly translated into a 5.3% increase in net current cash flow to €2.60 per share.2024 marked the beginning of a cycle of capital appreciation  driven by the strong cash flow growth  while the investment market showed positive signs in an easing rate environment. In this context  the portfolio value grew by 4.1% over one year and on a like-for-like basis(8)  to €20 225 million (total share)(9).The EPRA NIY(10) for the portfolio remained stable at 5.9%  the valuation upside coming from the positive rental growth momentum. EPRA NTA per share amounted to €32.8 as of December 31  2024  up 8.9% over the year.This upward revision  coupled with the €1.80 cash dividend distribution in 2024 allowed Klépierre to deliver a substantial 15% total accounting return(1) in 2024.Sector-leading balance sheet and capital deployment into highly accretive dealsOver 2024  Klépierre maintained a strong capital base  with best-in class balance sheet metrics within the European retail property sector. As of December 31  2024  the net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at the historic low level of 7.1x and the Loan-to-Value ratio was 36.5%. At the same time  the interest coverage ratio reached 7.4x  while the average debt maturity was 5.9 years and the average cost of debt 1.7%.The Group raised €855 million in long-term financing (including a €600 million bond with a maturity of 9.6 years and  a 130-basis-point spread over the reference rate) and renewed or signed €900 million of revolving credit facilities. Klépierre’s strong investment grade status was enhanced with S&P moving to positive outlook (upgraded on May 27  2024) on the BBB+ rating. On May 24  2024  Fitch confirmed its A- rating with a stable outlook. As of December 31  2024  consolidated net debt stood at €7 387 million.The Group completed two attractive acquisitions during the year: O’Parinor and RomaEst  two super-regional shopping malls  with a year one double-digit cash return (€237 million cash investment). At the same time  the Group disposed of non-core assets for a total amount of €144 million total share  38% above book values.On the development front  all projects are on time and on budget. Klépierre delivered the Maremagnum extension in July (Barcelona  Spain)  while extension work is ongoing at Odysseum (Montpellier  France). Yield on costs of these projects reached 13.5% and 9%  respectively.Klépierre included in the CDP’s “A list” for the fourth timeEarly February 2025  Klépierre was recognized for its leadership in transparency and ESG performance  being included for the fourth year in a row in the CDP’s “A List” of the most advanced companies fighting climate change at global level. The A List established by the environmental NGO comprises only few companies out of a total sample of 24 800 and is a testimony of the Group’s long-standing commitment to the environment.DIVIDEND INCREASE AND 2025 OUTLOOKAt the Annual General Meeting to be held on April 24  2025  the Executive Board will recommend that the shareholders approve the payment of a cash dividend in respect of fiscal year 2024 of €1.85(11) per share  i.e. a 3% year-on-year increase. This will be paid in two equal installments on March 6  2025  and July 10  2025.The guidance is built under the assumption of a stability in the current European macroeconomic backdrop marked by normalizing inflation and low GDP growth.In 2025  Klépierre expects to generate 3% EBITDA(2) growth  supported by:Retailer sales at least stable compared to 2024;Higher additional revenues; andFull-year contribution of acquisitions (net of disposals) closed in 2024 and extensions delivered in 2024.The cost of debt being fully hedged in 2025  Klépierre expects to generate net current cash flow per share of between €2.60 and €2.65.This guidance does not include the impact of any disposals or acquisitions in 2025.GOVERNANCEAt its meeting on February 11  2025  the Supervisory Board acknowledged the following:Béatrice de Clermont-Tonnerre’s mandate as a member of the Supervisory Board  as well as her functions within the specialized committees  will expire at the 2025 General Meeting; andCatherine Simoni has resigned  as she reached the twelve-year directorship limit set by the Afep-Medef Code to stay independent.Consequently  acting upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  the Supervisory Board unanimously decided:to propose the renewal of Béatrice de Clermont-Tonnerre’s mandate as a member of the Supervisory Board for a three-year term with effect from the 2025 General Meeting; andTo co-opt Nadine Glicenstein as a Supervisory Board member for the remainder of Catherine Simoni’s term of office  i.e.  until the General Meeting to be called in 2026 to approve the 2025 financial statements.Nadine Glicenstein has extensive experience in equity and debt capital markets  covering the real estate sector for major French banks for more than 30 years. A French citizen  Nadine Glicenstein holds a Master’s degree in Finance and Economics from Sciences Po Paris and is a CFA charterholder. She is the founder of Ermine Consulting  a consultancy specializing in ESG communication and reporting for asset management institutions.Subject to the shareholders’ approval of the renewal of the mandate of Béatrice de Clermont-Tonnerre and the ratification of Nadine Glicenstein’s co-optation  the membership of the Supervisory Board would remain unchanged in terms of independence and diversity.NET CURRENT CASH FLOW12/31/2023 12/31/2024 Total share  in €m Gross rental income 1 164.8 1 230.6 Rental and building expenses (159.9) (164.5) Net rental income 1 005.0 1 066.1 Management & administrative income 74.6 78.8 Payroll expenses and other general expenses (158.1) (159.6) EBITDA(a) 921.4 985.3 Cost of net debt (131.9) (164.3) Cash flow before share in equity investees and taxes 789.5 821.0 Share in equity investees 56.7 64.0 Current tax expenses (34.7) (35.0) Net current cash flow 811.6 850.0 Group share  in €m NET CURRENT CASH FLOW 709.0 746.5 Average number of shares(b) 286 301 949 286 632 958 Per share  in € NET CURRENT CASH FLOW 2.48 2.60(a) EBITDA stands for “earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization” and is a measure of the Group’s operating performance.(b) Excluding treasury shares.2024 FULL-YEAR EARNINGS WEBCAST — PRESENTATION AND CONFERENCE CALLKlépierre’s Executive Board will present the Company’s full-year 2024 earnings on Wednesday February 12  2025 at 6:00 p.m. CET (5:00 p.m. London time). Please visit Klépierre’s website www.klepierre.com to listen to the webcast  or click here.A replay will also be available after the event.AGENDA April 24  2025 First quarter 2025 trading update (before market opening) April 24  2025 Annual General MeetingINVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Paul Logerot  Group Head of IR and Financial Communication+33 (0)7 50 66 05 63 — paul.logerot@klepierre.comHugo Martins  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 11 63 24 — hugo.martins@klepierre.comTanguy Phelippeau  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 09 29 57 — tanguy.phelippeau@klepierre.com Hélène Salmon  Group Head of Communication+33 (0)6 43 41 97 18 – helene.salmon@klepierre.comWandrille Clermontel  Taddeo+33 (0)6 33 05 48 50 – teamklepierre@taddeo.frABOUT KLÉPIERREKlépierre is the European leader in shopping malls  with exclusive focus on continental Europe. The Company’s portfolio is valued at €20.2 billion at December 31  2024  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host more than 700 million visitors per year. Klépierre is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP’s “A-list”. These distinctions underscore the Group’s commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.For more information  please visit the newsroom on our website: www.klepierre.comThis press release and its appendices together with the earnings presentation slideshoware available in the “Publications section” of Klépierre’s Finance page: www.klepierre.com/en/finance/publications(1) Total accounting return is the growth in EPRA NTA per share (€2.70)  plus dividends paid (€1.80)  expressed as a percentage of EPRA NTA per share at the beginning of the period (€30.10).(2) EBITDA stands for “earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization” and is a measure of the Group’s operating performance.(3) Like-for-like data exclude the contribution of new spaces  spaces being restructured  acquisitions  disposals completed since January 2023  and foreign exchange impacts.(4) Amount to be approved by the shareholders present or represented at the Annual General Meeting to be held on April 24  2025.(5) The Supervisory Board met on February 11  2025  to examine the full-year financial statements  as approved by the Executive Board on February 11  2025. The consolidated financial statements have been subject to audit procedures. The Statutory Auditors’ report is to be issued after the review of the management report. The Universal Registration Document will be released shortly.(6) Excluding the impact of asset sales and acquisitions and excluding Turkey.(7) Opinionway study at the initiative of Klépierre  September 2024. Learn more on our website: https://www.klepierre.com/newsroom/news(8) Change is on a constant currency basis.(9) As of December 31  2024  the appraisers assumed on average a discount rate of 7.8% and exit rate of 6.1% while the compound annual growth rate of the net rents stood at 2.9% over the next 10 years.(10) EPRA Net Initial Yield is calculated as annualized rental income based on passing cash rents  less non-recoverable property operating expenses  divided by the market value of the property (including transfer taxes).(11) Of which €1.16 per share would be attributable to the Group’s SIIC-related activity.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['KLÉPIERRE', 'POSITIVE OUTLOOK', 'OUTPERFORMANCE', '2025', 'leading shopping malls pure player', 'High investment grade balance sheet', 'strong net rental income growth', 'historic low net debt', 'IFRS consolidated net income', '2024 net current cash flow', '3% Net current cash flow', 'substantial 15% total accounting return', 'low occupancy cost ratios', 'strong cash flow growth', 'substantial rental income outperformance', 'top choice shopping centers', 'positive rental growth momentum', 'Sector-leading balance sheet', 'Growing cash flow', 'portfolio valuation Klépierre', 'large regional malls', 'Strong operating fundamentals', '4.0% positive rental uplift', '4% positive rental uplift', 'Undisputed ESG leadership', 'European real estate', 'average remaining duration', 'OpinionWay European study', 'easing rate environment', '12.6% occupancy cost ratio', '€1.80 cash dividend distribution', 'car park revenues', 'higher management fees', 'Significant capital appreciation', 'outstanding capital appreciation', 'Financial occupancy rate', 'full-year retailer sales', 'high-quality retail locations', 'The EPRA NIY', 'significant 350 basis points', 'market share gains', 'investment market', 'high visibility', 'mall income', 'dominant malls', 'strong performance', 'strong prospects', 'POSITIVE OUTLOOK', 'positive signs', 'occupancy rates', 'best locations', 'higher collection', 'additional revenues', 'financial expenses', 'EPRA NTA', 'Physical retail', 'retail places', 'portfolio value', 'total share', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'exclusive focus', 'continental Europe', 'unrivaled performance', 'Upward trend', 'credit metrics', 'A List', 'fourth time', 'good visibility', 'Leasing demand', 'affordable level', 'fourth quarter', 'last fall', 'popular destination', 'young people', 'disciplined control', 'G&A.', 'upward revision', '20 basis points', 'initial guidance', 'omnichannel strategy', 'volume terms', 'The Group', 'long-term leases', 'one year', '3% growth', '2025 guidance', '1,725 leases', 'Paris', 'February', 'mid-range', 'EBITDA', 'indexation', 'shareholders', '12 months', 'increase', 'LTV', 'ICR', 'CDP', 'context', 'scarcity', 'owners', 'parent', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'PERIOD', 'flight', 'retailers', 'positioning', 'renewals', 'relettings', '5.1 years', 'rents', 'December', 'footfall', 'turnover', 'consumers', 'reference', 'Europeans', 'respondents', 'variety', 'stores', 'experiences', 'payroll', 'beginning', 'cycle']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025346/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,Amsterdam  February 12  2025  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program...,"Amsterdam  February 12  2025SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for the period February 6  2025 through February 12  2025.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024  effective from March 1  2024 and increased by EUR65 million as announced on August 8  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through February 12  2025 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 130 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 104 730 680 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 6 613 461 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 15.84 Start Date March 1  2024 Percentage of program completed as of February 12  2025 80.56% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount February 6  2025 20 980 EUR 18.56 EUR 389 355 February 7  2025 21 078 EUR 18.38 EUR 387 477 February 10  2025 17 479 EUR 18.55 EUR 324 234 February 11  2025 21 375 EUR 18.49 EUR 395 252 February 12  2025 21 269 EUR 18.34 EUR 390 152 Total 102 181 EUR 18.46 EUR 1 886 4701All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024 and August 8  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore is the world’s deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert. Through the design  construction  installation  and operation of offshore floating facilities  we play a pivotal role in a just transition. By advancing our core  we deliver cleaner  more efficient energy production. By pioneering more  we unlock new markets within the blue economy.More than 7 400 SBMers collaborate worldwide to deliver innovative solutions as a responsible partner towards a sustainable future  balancing ocean protection with progress.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year Full Year 2024 Earnings February 20 2025 Annual General Meeting April 9 2025 First Quarter 2025 Trading Update May 15 2025 Half Year 2025 Earnings August 7 2025 Third Quarter 2025 Trading Update November 13 2025For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsGiampaolo ArghittuHead of External RelationsPhone: +31 (0)6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584 E-mail: giampaolo.arghittu@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in the Half-Year Management Report accompanying the Half Year Earnings 2024 report  available on our website https://www.sbmoffshore.com/investors/financial-disclosures.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “F4W®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', '461 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'Trade Date Quantity Repurchased', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Half Year Earnings 2024 report', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'employee share programs', 'deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert', 'efficient energy production', 'Full Year 2024 Earnings', 'offshore floating facilities', 'Annual General Meeting', 'last 5 trading days', 'Half-Year Management Report', 'incorrect, actual results', 'Opportunity Management’ section', 'alternative performance measures', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Cumulative Quantity', '2023 Annual Report', 'share capital', 'Start Date', 'current views', 'EUR130 million', 'top half', 'Investors section', 'Media Relations', 'External Relations', 'Trading Update', 'regular management', 'daily basis', 'CBOE DXE', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'pivotal role', 'new markets', 'blue economy', 'innovative solutions', 'responsible partner', 'sustainable future', 'ocean protection', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'similar expressions', 'future operations', 'ESMA guidelines', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'detailed information', 'industry information', 'new information', 'transaction details', 'individual transactions', 'press release', 'Wouter Holties', 'Giampaolo Arghittu', 'Further information', '40 million', 'February', 'period', 'repurchases', 'March', 'August', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Company', 'website', '2024 Percentage', '6% Overview', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'world', 'design', 'construction', 'installation', 'transition', 'core', 'More', '7,400 SBMers', 'sbmoffshore', 'April', 'mail', 'Head', 'Phone', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'APMs', 'IFRS']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025278/0/en/LECTRA-2024-improved-financial-results-in-what-remains-a-degraded-environment.html,LECTRA: 2024: improved financial results in what remains a degraded environment,2024: improved financial results in what remains a degraded environment  Revenues: 526.7 million euros (+10%)*EBITDA before non-recurring items: 91.1......,"2024: improved financial results in what remains a degraded environmentRevenues: 526.7 million euros (+10%)*EBITDA before non-recurring items: 91.1 million euros (+15%)*Net income: 29.6 million euros (-9%)*Free cash flow before non-recurring items: 72.1 million euros (+59%)*Dividend**: €0.40 per share (+11%)* Change at actual exchange rates (%)** Proposed to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 25  2025In millions of euros October 1 – December 31 January 1 – December 31 2024(1) 2023 2024(1) 2023 Revenues 132.5 119.3 526.7 477.6 Change at actual exchange rates (%) 11% 10% EBITDA before non-recurring items(2) 22.6 19.8 91.1 79.0 Change at actual exchange rates (%) 14% 15% EBITDA margin before non-recurring items(in % of revenues) 17.1% 16.6% 17.3% 16.5% Income from operations before non-recurring items(2) 11.9 12.3 49.3 49.1 Change at actual exchange rates (%) -3% 0% Net income 8.4 7.7 29.6 32.6 Free cash flow before non-recurring items(2) 22.2 13.2 72.1 45.3(1) 2024 figures include Launchmetrics since January 23 2024(2) The definition for performance indicators appears in the Management Discussion of December 31  2024Paris  February 12  2025. Today  Lectra’s Board of Directors  chaired by Daniel Harari  reviewed the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2024. Audit procedures have been performed by the Statutory Auditors. The certification report will be issued at the end of the Board of Director’s meeting of February 27  2025.To facilitate analysis of the Group's results  the accounts of Lectra excluding Launchmetrics (the ""Lectra 2023 scope"") are analyzed separately from the Launchmetrics accounts. The detailed 2024 vs 2023 comparisons for the Lectra 2024 scope and for Launchmetrics are based on actual exchange rates  whereas the comparisons for the Lectra 2023 scope are stated on a like-for-like basis.1. SUMMARY OF THE YEAR 2024The year 2024 was marked by a severely degraded macroeconomic and geopolitical environment  prompting the Group's customers to exercise prudence in their investment decisions  though situations varied across geographies and market sectors.Under these conditions  for the Lectra 2023 scope  orders for new systems were stable  and new SaaS subscriptions grew by 8%  confirming their success and increasing adoption by the Group’s customers.2024 earnings in line with recent estimatesOn October 30  the Group reported that revenues and EBITDA before non-recurring items were expected to be near the lower end of the ranges indicated on February 14  i.e.  revenues of 480 million euros and EBITDA before non-recurring items of 85 million euros for the Lectra 2023 scope; and 42 million euros in revenues and EBITDA margin before non-recurring items of over 15% for Launchmetrics  i.e.  revenues of 522 million and 91.3 million euros of EBITDA margin before non-recurring items for the Lectra 2024 scope.In total  full-year 2024 revenues grew 10% to 526.7 million euros and EBITDA before non-recurring items increased 15% to 91.1 million euros.Successful integration of LaunchmetricsLaunchmetrics achieved revenues of 41.2 million euros and an EBITDA before recurring items of 7.0 million euros  and exceeded the Group’s profitability expectations with an EBITDA margin before non-recurring items of 16.9%.What’s more  this acquisition has considerably expanded Lectra's SaaS activity  providing the basis for a twofold increase in SaaS revenues to 77.4 million euros at end-2024 and strengthening SaaS’s future potential.The integration -- in terms of processes  teams and products -- is already a proven success and enables Lectra to form a coherent set of SaaS activities. Launchmetrics has also contributed its top-level practices in the area of SaaS  thus enriching the customer experience across the Group.Continuing improvement in the fundamentals of the Group's business modelThe fundamentals of the Group's business model were substantially improved  notably on the basis of the strict cost control policy implemented since May 2023  and the contribution of Launchmetrics. Recurring revenues increased by 18%  with margins covering nearly all fixed costs. The EBITDA margin before non-recurring items rose 0.8 percentage point  to 17.3%. Free cash flow before non-recurring items generated in 2024 came to 72.1 million euros (+59%) and the Group's net debt was brought down to 20.6 million euros at December 31  2024.2. Q4 2024Q4 2024 revenues were up 11% compared to Q4 2023  at 132.5 million euros  with Launchmetrics contributing 11.0 million euros.EBITDA before non-recurring items (22.6 million euros) was up 14% and the EBITDA margin before non-recurring items came to 17.1% (+0.5 percentage points).Free cash flow before non-recurring items rose sharply to 22.2 million euros (+68%).Lectra 2023 scopeCurrency changes had only a limited impact on revenues and results.Orders for new systems were stable compared to Q4  2023  at 38.6 million euros  and new SaaS subscriptions came up to 3.6 million euros (+17%).Revenues came to 121.5 million euros  up 1%: revenues for new systems were down 6%  while recurring revenues were 5% higher.EBITDA before non-recurring items was 21.0 million euros and the EBITDA margin before non-recurring items came to 17.3%  up 0.3 percentage point.3. 2024Full-year 2024 revenues came to 526.7 million euros  up 10% with the following breakdown: 28% of total revenues for new systems  down 5%  72% of total revenues in recurring revenues  up 18%  including Saas revenues of 77.4 million euros (x2.5).Launchmetrics  which has been consolidated since January 23  2024  contributed 41.2 million euros to 2024 revenues.Gross profit came to 376.9 million euros  up 13%  and the gross profit margin was 71.6%  up 1.8 percentage points over 2023.EBITDA before non-recurring items came to 91.1 million euros  up 15%  and the EBITDA margin before non-recurring items rose 0.8 point to 17.3%.Income from operations before non-recurring items amounted to 49.3 million euros  stable compared to 2023. This included a 22.7-million-euro charge for amortization of intangible assets arising from the acquisitions carried out since 2021.Research and development costs  which were fully expensed in the period and included in fixed overhead costs  represented 12.8% of revenues (11.7% in 2023).Financial income and expenses represented a net charge of 6.0 million euros (2.8 million euros in 2023) due to higher interest rates and the financing of the Launchmetrics acquisition.Foreign exchange gains and losses generated a net loss of 2.2 million euros.Taking into account the amortization of intangible assets  the increase in financial expenses  and an income tax expense of 10.9 million euros  net income amounted to 29.6 million euros  down 9% compared to 2023.Free cash flow before non-recurring items was significantly higher  at 72.1 million euros (+59%).A particularly robust balance sheetAt December 31  2024  the Group had a particularly robust balance sheet with a consolidated shareholders’ equity of 374.4 million euros  a negative working capital requirement of 25.2 million euros and net debt of 20.6 million euros. The net debt consisted of financial debt of 102.5 million euros and cash of 81.9 million euros.Lectra 2023 scopeCurrency changes had only a limited impact on revenues and results.Orders for new systems (144 9 million euros) were stable compared to 2023.Orders for perpetual software licenses (11.4 million euros) fell by 18% — as most new software is now sold in SaaS mode— while orders for equipment and accompanying software (113.0 million euros)  and for training and consulting (17.3 million euros) rose by 2% and 9%  respectively.Revenues were up 2% at 485.5 million euros  and recurring EBITDA was up 7% at 84.2 million Euros.4. DIVIDENDThe Company maintained its attractive shareholder compensation policy with dividends representing a payout ratio of about 40% of net income in 2023 and  as a result of the strong increase in free cash flow  the company has decided on a payout ratio of 50% of net income for the year 2024.The Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders’ Meeting of April 25  2025 the payment of a dividend at €0.40 per share in respect of fiscal year 2024.5. CHANGES IN GOVERNANCEFollowing a disagreement with the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer regarding the role of the Lead Director  Ross McInnes has decided to resign from his position as Director  effective April 24  2025. The Board of Directors thanks him for his contribution over the past three years.As of April 25  2025  the Board of Directors of Lectra will consist of 7 members: Daniel Harari (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)  Nathalie Rossiensky (Lead Director  Independent Director)  Céline Abecassis-Moedas (Independent Director)  Karine Calvet (Independent Director)  Pierre-Yves Roussel (Independent Director)  Jérôme Viala (non-Independent Director) and Hélène Viot-Poirier (Independent Director).6. ASSESSMENT OF THE 2023-2025 STRATEGIC ROADMAP – SECOND PROGRESS REPORTLaunched in 2017  the Lectra 4.0 strategy aims to position the Group as a key Industry 4.0 player in its three strategic market sectors: fashion  automotive and furniture  before 2030. The strategy has been implemented up to now through three strategic roadmaps.The first strategic roadmap  which covered the 2017-2019 period  established the key fundamentals for the future of the Group.The second roadmap  which ran from 2020 through 2022  achieved a new dimension for the Group – primarily through the acquisition of Gerber in June 2021 – and opened new perspectives  with a financial position stronger than ever before  an extended worldwide presence  a broader customer base  a powerful product portfolio  a growing number of customers using its new offers for Industry 4.0  and a new brand image.The Group's ambition over the 2023-2025 period is to take full advantage of its change in dimension to accelerate growth  to significantly increase the volume of SaaS in revenues  and to seize acquisition opportunities.Despite the unstable economic and geopolitical climate  Lectra successfully maintained its long-term strategic orientations. Further  all the fundamentals of the Group's business model improved significantly and customer adoption of the SaaS model accelerated. The Group acquired Launchmetrics and strategic partnerships were concluded with Six Atomic and AQC.With the commitment of employees and recognition by customers  Lectra stands at the forefront in building a more sustainable future. The Group has taken numerous steps to enhance its offering to reduce environmental impact for its customers  notably through material traceability for fashion  thanks to the acquisition of a majority stake in TextileGenesis in early 2023.Details of the second progress report on this 2023-2025 strategic roadmap can be found in the December 31  2024 “Management Discussion and Analysis” document  available on Lectra.com.7. OUTLOOKIn the challenging environment of 2024  Lectra proved to be highly resilient  confirming the relevance of its strategy and the quality of its fundamentals—crucial assets for the Group's continued development.Outlook for 2025While initial positive signs can be detected  the lack of visibility in what remains an uncertain economic and geopolitical context  could continue to weigh on investment decisions by the Group’s customers going forward.In this context  the Group has begun the year 2025 with confidence and will pursue its strategy by meeting the needs of its customers as closely as possible via the quality of its offers for Industry 4.0 and by developing its SaaS activity.As in the previous two years  visibility regarding orders for new systems remains low  with no way of anticipating the timing or magnitude of a possible rebound  which could nevertheless occur during the course of the year.Recurring revenues  which accounted for 72% of total revenues in 2024  are expected to grow further in 2025  largely on the strength of expanding SaaS activity.Furthermore  the Group will maintain strict cost controls and anticipates a mix of orders that will favorably impact the gross margin.In light of the above  Lectra has set the 2025 objective of achieving recurring revenues of over 400 million euros  including 90 million euros of SaaS revenues.Overall  revenues are expected to be between 550 and 600 million euros  with an EBITDA margin before non-recurring items close to 20%  based on exchange rates at December 31st  2024  particularly of $1.04/€1.The Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and the financial statements for Q4 and the fiscal year 2024 are available on lectra.com. First quarter earnings for 2025 will be published on April 24. The Annual Shareholders' Meeting will take place on April 25  2025.About LectraAs a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies.The Group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The Group is proud to state that its 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators.Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 527 million euros in 2024. The company is listed on Euronext  where it is included in the following indices: CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150.For more information  visit lectra.com.Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 966 274 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment",negative,0.13,0.42,0.45,mixed,0.58,0.32,0.1,True,English,"['financial results', 'degraded environment', 'LECTRA', 'strict cost control policy', 'Free cash flow', 'actual exchange rates', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'new SaaS subscriptions', 'new systems', 'recurring items', 'performance indicators', 'Management Discussion', 'Daniel Harari', 'Audit procedures', 'Statutory Auditors', 'certification report', 'investment decisions', 'market sectors', 'recent estimates', 'profitability expectations', 'SaaS activity', 'twofold increase', 'future potential', 'coherent set', 'SaaS activities', 'top-level practices', 'customer experience', 'business model', 'fixed costs', 'net debt', '0.5 percentage points', 'Currency changes', 'limited impact', '526.7 million euros', '91.1 million euros', '29.6 million euros', '72.1 million euros', '480 million euros', '85 million euros', '42 million euros', '91.3 million euros', '41.2 million euros', '7.0 million euros', '77.4 million euros', '20.6 million euros', '132.5 million euros', '11.0 million euros', '22.6 million euros', '22.2 million euros', '38.6 million euros', 'financial results', 'Net income', 'fiscal year', 'THE YEAR', 'Lectra 2023 scope', 'Lectra 2024 scope', 'geopolitical environment', 'Successful integration', '14% 15% EBITDA margin', 'lower end', 'full-year 2024 revenues', 'SaaS revenues', 'Recurring revenues', 'Q4 2024 revenues', 'Launchmetrics accounts', '3.6 million', '1.5 million', 'degraded', 'Dividend', 'April', 'millions', 'October', 'December', 'non', 'operations', '2024 figures', 'January', 'definition', 'Paris', 'February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'analysis', 'Group', 'detailed 2024', 'basis', 'SUMMARY', 'macroeconomic', 'customers', 'prudence', 'situations', 'geographies', 'conditions', 'orders', 'increasing', 'adoption', '2024 earnings', 'line', 'ranges', 'total', 'acquisition', 'terms', 'processes', 'teams', 'products', 'area', 'improvement', 'fundamentals', 'May', 'contribution', 'margins', '522']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/12/3025261/0/en/Rexel-Q4-sales-FY-2024-results.html,Rexel: Q4 sales & FY 2024 results,Q4 sales & FY 2024 resultsSales & Ebita margin in line with revised guidance 2024; FCF conversion exceeding objective Positive North America......,"Q4 sales & FY 2024 resultsSales & Ebita margin in line with revised guidance 2024; FCF conversion exceeding objectivePositive North America momentum balancing softer environment in EuropeTransformation actions gaining momentum throughout 2024 – to be further amplified in 2025→ FY 24 sales at €19 285.1m  up +0.7% on a reported basisSame-day sales down (2.4)% in FY 2024; improving trends quarter after quarter Q4 sales of €4 893.1m  down (0.5)% on a same-day basis ( up +1.0% on an actual-day basis) thanks to positive momentum in North America  up +3.6% Continued market share gains boosted by best-in-class services which includes digitalizationActive acquisitions strategy contributing for +2.9% to FY 24 sales growth→ FY 24 current adjusted EBITA margin at 5.9%  demonstrating resilience in a difficult macro environmentStructural cost actions combined with rapid cost adaptation (FTE down (2.7)% versus volume down (1.5)% yoy)  to mitigate impact of sales decline on our profitability→ Digital sales penetration at 32% of sales in Q4 24  up +232bpsDigital sales now above €6bn in 2024  making Rexel one of the largest digital BtB playersDigital sales growth contributed to outperformance and productivity gains→ FY 24 operating income of €845.9 million (vs €1 216.6 million in FY 23)  including exceptional items (French Competition Authority fine for €124m against which Rexel has lodged an appeal  Goodwill impairment  acquisitions costs); net income of €341.0 million→ Free cash flow conversion well above guidance at 76%  confirming our cash-generative model→ Attractive return to shareholders: proposed dividend for 2024 of 1.20€ per share  for a 54% payout ratio  based on recurring net income of €662.3 million in 2024 (vs €823.3 million in 2023)→ Executing our capital allocation strategy with a healthy balance sheet: indebtedness ratio at 1.83xShare buyback: €100m shares repurchased in 2024; €300m since mid-2022€300m since mid-2022 M&A: more than €500m of value creative acquisitions completed in 2024of value creative acquisitions completed in 2024 Portfolio management: disposal of Rexel business in New Zealand  signed on February 1st  as a result of the continuous strategic review of our portfolio→ 2025 outlook: Stable to slightly positive same-day sales growth  current adjusted EBITA margin at c. 6% and free cash flow conversion at c. 65% (excluding the €124m fine from the French Competition Authority to be paid in 2025)→ Confirmation of Rexel's medium-term ambitions  driven by solid electrification trends  market outperformance  further transformation of the business model and acceleration of savings programsGuillaume TEXIER  Chief Executive Officer  said:“In softer 2024 conditions than anticipated  especially in Europe  the Rexel teams seized the opportunity to demonstrate how the transformation of the last few years could positively impact the business by deploying advanced services  digital penetration and value solutions to customers  resulting in market share gains in several countries.We leveraged our increased presence in North America  a region with solid prospects in which we have expanded through organic growth and active M&A with 9 acquisitions completed since 2021. We quickly adapted our cost base across the Group  allowing us to deliver resilient profitability and record high free cash flow conversion.We are entering 2025 with good momentum on three aspects: market share gains  strong exposure to the positive North American market  and optimization projects. This acceleration of our transformation allows us to be confident that we are on track to reach our medium-term ambitions.”Financial review for the period ended December 31  2024This press release presents Rexel's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024. The audit procedures by the Statutory Auditors are in progress and their report on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024 will be issued on February 14  2025Full year 2024 financial report was authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 12  2025The following terms are defined in the Glossary section of this document: Current EBITA; Current adjusted EBITA  EBITDA; EBITDAaL; Recurring net income; Free Cash Flow and Net DebtUnless otherwise stated  all comments are on a constant and adjusted basis and  for sales  at same number of working daysMain FY 2024 figuresKey figures1 (€m) - Actual FY 2024 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 19 285.1 +0.7% On a constant and actual-day basis (1.9) % On a constant and same-day basis (2.4) % Current adjusted EBITA2 4 1 131.7 (16.0) % As a percentage of sales 5.9 % -98 bps Current EBITA4 1 139.3 (11.4) % Operating income 845.9 (30.5) % Net income 341.0 (56.0) % Recurring net income 662.3 (19.6) % FCF before interest and tax 916.5 (8.0) % FCF conversion3 76 % Net debt at end of period 2 483.9 €522m increase1 See definition in the Glossary section of this document 2 Change at comparable scope of consolidation 3 EBITDAaL into FCF before interest and tax 4 In accordance to the AMF regulation  EBITA and adjusted EBITA are renamed current EBITA and current adjusted EBITA  with no change in the calculation methodologySALESQ4 sales up +3.6% year-on-year on a reported basis and down (0.5)% on a constant and same-day basisKey figures (€m) Q4 2024 YoY change FY 2024 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 4 893.1 +3.6% 19 285.1 +0.7% On a constant and actual-day basis +1.0% (1.9) % On a constant and same-day basis (0.5) % (2.4) %In Q4 2024  Rexel posted sales of €4 893.1m  up +3.6% on a reported basis. They include:Constant and same-day sales evolution of (0.5)%  including a (0.4)% contribution from volume as well as a negative selling-price effect of (0.7)% on non-cable products and +0.6% on cable productsA positive calendar effect of +1.5%  translating into a +1.0% actual-day sales growth in the quarterA positive net scope effect of +2.1%  mainly resulting from the acquisitions of Talley and Electrical Supplies Inc in the US  completed respectively in June and July 2024 as well as Itesa in France  completed in October 2024A positive currency effect of +0.4%  mainly due to the appreciation of the US dollar and the British Pound against the euro(in contrib.) % mix 2024 SD sales growth ow price ow volume Core ED1 79 % +1.4% +0.3% +1.1% Electrification 21 % (1.9) % (0.4) % (1.5) % Total 100 % (0.5) % (0.1) % (0.4) %1 Including cableSales were down (0.5)% on a constant and same-day basis or up +1.0% on a constant and actual-day basis. More specifically:The improvement compared to Q3 24 is mainly driven by US and Canada  offsetting the still muted situation in Europe notably in electrification North America was up +3.6%  still driven by backlog execution of diversified projects Europe was unchanged compared to Q3 24  with contrasting trends between countries Asia-Pacific was slightly negative in the majority of countries excluding India; a similar performance to Q3The four electrification product categories (Solar  Electric Vehicle charging infrastructure  HVAC and Industrial Automation)  represented 21% of sales and decreased by (8.2)% in Q4 (contribution:-190bps)Pricing for non-cable products was down (0.7)% and remains explained by deflation in solar across geographies and piping in North AmericaThe Q4 cable price contribution was positive at +0.6%  benefiting from more supportive copper prices for the second consecutive quarterRexel posted further growth in digitalization  with digital now representing 32% of sales in Q4 2024  up +232bps compared to Q4 2023. Europe was at 43% of digital sales  up +357bps  North America was at 22%  a slight increase of +29bps and Asia-Pacific was at 22% (vs 9% in Q4 23) thanks to the adoption of Email to EDI in ChinaFY sales up +0.7% year-on-year on a reported basis  down (2.4)% on a constant and same-day basisIn FY 2024  Rexel posted sales of €19 285.1m  up +0.7% on a reported basis  supported by the positive contribution of our M&A strategy. They include:Constant and same-day sales evolution of (2.4)%  including a (1.5)% contribution from volume and a negative selling price of (0.7)% on non-cable products and (0.2)% on cable productsA positive calendar effect of +0.5%A positive net scope effect of +2.7%  mainly resulting from +2.9% from acquisitions of Wasco and Itesa in Europe as well as Talley and Electrical Supplies Inc in North America  and remaining effect from disposal of NorwayA neutral currency effectEurope (49% of Group sales): Down (3.8)% in Q4 and (4.9)% in FY on a constant and same-day basisIn the fourth-quarter   sales in Europe declined by (2.2)% on a reported basis  including:Constant and same-day sales evolution of (3.8)%. This includes a negative volume and price contribution of respectively (3.6)% and (0.2)% (non-cable products for (0.8)% and +0.6% on cable products)A slightly positive calendar effect of +0.3%A positive net scope effect of +0.8%  resulting from the acquisition of Itesa in FranceA positive currency effect of +0.5%  mainly due to the appreciation of the British pound and the Swiss Franc against the euroKey figures (€m) % of the region's sales Q4 2024 YoY change FY 2024 YoY change Europe 2 390.3 (3.8) % 9 550.6 (4.9) % ow France 39% 935.7 (1.3) % 3 654.3 (1.3) % DACH1 23% 546.5 (4.2) % 2 258.0 (5.9) % Benelux 17% 403.1 (7.9) % 1 561.2 (10.2) % Nordics 9% 210.9 (1.4) % 830.0 (6.7) % UK 8% 179.5 (10.5) % 788.1 (6.8) %1 Germany  Switzerland & AustriaMore specifically:Electrification categories  especially solar  contributed negatively (down (8.3)% for a -170bps contribution)Core ED business  including cable  was down (2.1)% in contribution  broadly similar to Q3 24.By country and cluster:Same-day sales in France decreased slightly by (1.3)%  outperforming the declining market. The positive momentum in non-residential mitigated lower demand in other end markets including residential and industry.decreased slightly by (1.3)%  outperforming the declining market. The positive momentum in non-residential mitigated lower demand in other end markets including residential and industry. Same day sales in the DACH region (Germany  Austria and Switzerland) were down (4.2)% in the quarter but improved vs Q3 24. Overall demand remained muted in the region and notably in Germany and Austria  in a challenging macroeconomic context and in the absence of recovery in Solar demand.(Germany  Austria and Switzerland) were down (4.2)% in the quarter but improved vs Q3 24. Overall demand remained muted in the region and notably in Germany and Austria  in a challenging macroeconomic context and in the absence of recovery in Solar demand. Benelux declined by (7.9)%  with market outperformance in Belux. This performance is similar to the last two quarters  and is explained by the demand normalization in Solar.declined by (7.9)%  with market outperformance in Belux. This performance is similar to the last two quarters  and is explained by the demand normalization in Solar. Same-day sales in the Nordics (Sweden and Finland) were down (1.4)% in Q4 due to residential and non-residential activities. Overall  demand in residential showed signs of improvement in H2 compared to H1 24.(Sweden and Finland) were down (1.4)% in Q4 due to residential and non-residential activities. Overall  demand in residential showed signs of improvement in H2 compared to H1 24. In the UK  sales were down (10.5)%  due to weak demand in all three markets as well as the closure of 24 branches completed towards the end of 2024.North America (45% of Group sales): Strong sales growth at +3.6% in Q4 and +0.5% in FY on a constant and same-day basisIn the fourth-quarter  sales in North America were up +11.3% on a reported basis:Constant and same-day sales growth of +3.6%  driven by volume contribution of +3.6% and a stable price effectA positive calendar effect of +3.1%A positive +4.1% net scope effect  mainly resulting from the acquisitions of Talley and Electrical Supplies Inc in the USA slightly positive currency effect of +0.2%  mainly due to the appreciation of the US dollar against the euroKey figures (€m) % of the region's sales Q4 2024 YoY change FY 2024 YoY change North America 2 187.7 +3.6% 8 461.8 +0.5% ow United States 83% 1 814.4 +3.4% 6 975.0 +0.5% Canada 17% 373.3 +4.4% 1 486.8 +0.2%In North America:The overall good performance was driven once again by our backlog executionCore ED business  including cables  contributed to growth for +5.5% with positive volumeElectrification categories were down (9.0)% (contributing for -200bps)  from lower demand in Industrial automation both in the US and in Canada as well as in Solar  mostly in California.Specifically  in our two countries:In the US   same-day sales were up +3.4% in Q4 2024 By business: Project activity continued to be driven by strong backlog execution  with project business up in double digits. Quotation activity remained healthy  with backlog still representing 2.5 months of sales  above pre-pandemic levels By market: Growth was positive in all three end-markets. While residential (7% of sales) was up for a third consecutive quarters  growth in both non-residential and industry projects segments have accelerated sequentially  notably driven by datacenters  Oil & Gas  automotive and logistics. More specifically  the positive demand in electrical products in industry now more than offset the still negative evolution in industrial automation activity. By region: Favorable momentum was confirmed in Gulf Central driven by Oil&Gas  in Southeast region (incl. Mayer) boosted by datacenters and new manufacturing plants  and in the Northwest  driven by residential activity Very positive momentum at Talley. The integration is progressing well with very good top line momentum  exceeding initial plan  same-day sales were up +3.4% in Q4 2024 In Canada  sales were up +4.4% on a same-day basis  with strong acceleration driven by project activity  showing double-digit increases in both non-residential and industrial segments. More specifically  growth in the quarter was driven by mining and manufacturing. Prices also contributed positively. The backlog overall was up 1% compared to the end of Q3 24Asia-Pacific (6% of Group sales): (2.0)% in Q4 and (1.5)% in FY on a constant and same-day basisIn the fourth-quarter  sales in Asia-Pacific were stable on a reported basis  including:Constant and same-day sales change of (2.0)%  including negative volume and price contribution of (1.7)% and (0.4)%A positive calendar effect of +1.0%A positive currency effect of +1.0%  mainly due to the appreciation of the Australian dollar and the Yuan Renminbi against the euroKey figures (€m) % of the region's sales Q4 2024 YoY change FY 2024 YoY change Asia-Pacific 315.1 (2.0) % 1 272.7 (1.5) % ow Australia 47% 148.7 (0.3) % 596.3 +1.9% China 38% 120.4 (6.3) % 492.4 (4.7) %In Asia-Pacific   sales decreased by (2.0)% on a constant and same-day basis:In Australia   sales were broadly stable at (0.3)%  supported by industrial markets  notably mining  as well as electrification activity (Solar and HVAC)  sales were broadly stable at (0.3)%  supported by industrial markets  notably mining  as well as electrification activity (Solar and HVAC) In China   sales decreased by (6.3)%  in a context of low industrial demand. Inventories in the value chain have normalized  as reflected in prices  which improved sequentially. Q4 was also marked by customers acquisitions among OEM's  and a strong boost in digital  now at 31% of sales (vs 4% in Q4 23)  sales decreased by (6.3)%  in a context of low industrial demand. Inventories in the value chain have normalized  as reflected in prices  which improved sequentially. Q4 was also marked by customers acquisitions among OEM's  and a strong boost in digital  now at 31% of sales (vs 4% in Q4 23) In India  sales jumped by +22.3% in Q4 24 boosted by customer acquisitions in a favorable context.PROFITABILITYCurrent adjusted EBITA margin at 5.9% in 2024  down -98 bps compared to 2023For the graph  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.In a declining environment reflected by a (1.9)% actual-day sales evolution in 2024 with volume and selling prices both negative  profitability was resilient  as reflected by the current adjusted EBITA margin of 5.9%  compared to 6.8% in 2023.More specifically :Gross margin stood at 24.8%  down -68 bps versus 2023  of which: -25bps from the effects of selling price deflation and negative customer mix in North America (sales growth driven by projects activity) -43bps from the more competitive commercial environment specifically in EuropeOpex/sales stood at (19.0)%  deteriorating by -30 bps versus 2023 and explained by:-32bps from operating deleveraging driven by the actual-day sales decline of (1.9)% in 2024 +2bps from active cost actions offsetting opex inflation: Opex inflation stood at +2.4% (+3.6% from wage increases and +1.7% from other opex)  impacting profitability by -45bps Internal action plans resulted in +47bps from cost savings and productivity initiativesCompared to the previous cycles  Rexel demonstrated its capacity to adapt its cost base in a declining sales environment. This was notably achieved through productivity initiatives  with headcount reduction accelerating in the course of 2024 to reach (2.7)% at end-December 24 (vs end-December 23)  exceeding the volume decline of (1.5)%. Overall  opex declined by 1.1% (excluding depreciation) despite an opex inflation of 2.4%.FY 2024 (€m) Europe North America Asia Pacific Group Sales 9 551 8 462 1 273 19 285 On a constant and actual-day basis (4.5) % 1.0 % (1.2) % (1.9) % On a constant and same-day basis (4.9) % 0.5 % (1.5) % (2.4) % Current adj. EBITA 553 594 20 1 132* % of sales 5.8% 7.0% 1.6% 5.9% Change in bps as a % of sales -151 bps -42 bps -136 bps -98 bps*Including €(35)m for corporate costs in 2024By geography  the change in current adjusted EBITA margin in 2024 can be explained as follows:Europe was down -151 bps at 5.8% of sales  resulting from negative operating leverage combined with pricing pressure  notably on Solar activity  and increased a more competitive environment  partly mitigated by cost adaptation and accelerated strategic transformation action plans.-151 bps at 5.8% of sales  resulting from negative operating leverage combined with pricing pressure  notably on Solar activity  and increased a more competitive environment  partly mitigated by cost adaptation and accelerated strategic transformation action plans. North America was down a limited -42 bps at 7.0% of sales  thanks to improved sales momentum in H2 and strict opex discipline.-42 bps at 7.0% of sales  thanks to improved sales momentum in H2 and strict opex discipline. Asia-Pacific was down -136 bps at 1.6% of sales  notably reflecting a more competitive environment in the region and deflation in ChinaAs a result  current adjusted EBITA stood at €1 131.7m (vs. €1 347.2m in 2023 on a comparable base) and current EBITA stood at €1 139.3m (including a positive one-off copper effect of €7.6 million).Focus on the bridge from reported EBITDA to current EBITA :EBITDA margin was down 60bps at 7.9%Depreciation of Right of Use stood at €(258.3) million vs. €(233.3) million in 2023  mainly resulting from acquisitionsOther depreciation and amortization stood at €(117.9) million  implying 0.6% of salesReported basis (€m) FY 2023 FY 2024 YoY change EBITDA 1 633.0 1 515.6 (7.2) % % EBITDA margin 8.5% 7.9% Depreciation Right of Use (IFRS 16) (233.3) (258.3) Other depreciation and amortization (113.8) (117.9) Current EBITA 1 285.9 1 139.3 (11.4) %NET INCOMENet income of €341.0 million in 2024; recurring net income of €662.3 millionOperating income in the year stood at €845.9m (vs €1 216.6m in 2023).Amortization of intangible assets resulting from purchase price allocation amounted to €(35.7) (vs. €(24.3)m in 2023)Other income and expenses amounted to a net charge of €(257.7)m (vs. a net charge of €(45.1)m in 2023) and notably included: €(124.0)m related to the fine imposed by the French Competition Authority  against which Rexel has lodged an appeal  to be paid in 2025 €(54.8)m in goodwill & intangible assets impairment notably in Germany and UK €(33.1)m in restructuring mostly in Europe and integration costs €(22.0)m of asset impairment following the classification of New Zealand as an asset held for sale (disposal completed on February 1st  2025)€(14.3)m in fair value adjustment for earn-out on Talley€(9.8)m in acquisition costsNet financial expenses in the year amounted to €(207.7)m (vs. €(167.7)m in 2023)  and can be broken down as follows:€(141.5) million from financial costs compared to €(112.0) million in 2023  reflecting higher interest rates and gross debt. The effective interest rate increased to 4.35% in 2024 from 3.66% in 2023€(66.2) million from interest on lease liabilities in 2024 vs €(55.6) million in 2023Income tax in the year represented a charge of €(297.2)m (vs. €(274.2) in 2023)The tax rate stood at 46.6% in 2024  due to non-deductible other expenses (including the competition authority fine in France and goodwill impairment) and deferred tax assets write-offs.The normative tax rate stood at 26.2% in 2024  excluding one-offsAs a result  net income in the year stood at €341.0 million (vs. €774.7 million in 2023) and recurring net income amounted to €662.3 million in 2024 (vs €823.3 million in 2023) - see appendix 3FINANCIAL STRUCTUREFree cash-flow before interest and tax of €916.5 million in 2024Indebtedness ratio of 1.83x at December 31  2024In 2024  free cash flow before interest and tax reached €916.5 million (vs. €996.4 million in 2023)  representing a free cash flow conversion rate (EBITDAaL into FCF before interest and taxes) of 76%. It included:EBITDAaL of €1 204.3 million including €(311.3) million of lease payments in 2024Operating cash flow stood at €1 008.0 million notably including €(173.0) million of other operating revenue and costs  of which €(124)m fine from the French Competition Authority to be paid in 2025An outflow of €(55.8) million from the change in pensions obligations (vs €(21.3) million in 2023) due to an accelerated contribution to the UK pension funds of €36m (GBP30m)An inflow of €34.3 million from change in working capital (compared to an outflow of €(187.1) million in 2023) The change in trade working capital was an outflow of €(15.5) million. On a constant basis  trade WCR stood at 14.2% of sales in 2024  stable compared to the prior year (14.1% in 2023) The change in non-trade working capital was an inflow of €49.8 million  including €124m for the fine received from the French competition authority to be paid in 2025A lower level of net capital expenditure (i.e. €(125.8) million vs. €(153.3) million in 2023). Gross capex represented 0.7% of sales  a similar level to that of 2023  with continued investment in automated supply chain solutions and digital.Below FCF before interest and tax  the cash flow statement took into account:€(129.6) million in net interest paid in 2024 (vs €(101.3) million paid in 2023);€(281.0) million in income tax paid in the year  compared to €(327.4) million paid in 2023;€(550.1) million in financial investment including earn-out;€(357.2) million in dividends paid in 2024 based on 2023 earnings (€1.20 per share);€(99.8) million in share buybacks;€(19.0) million in currency effects during the year (vs €10.4 million in 2023).At December 31  2024:Net financial debt increased by €522.3 million year-on-year to €2 483.9 million (vs €1 961.5 million at December 31  2023)  resulting from our active capital allocation (notably M&A  dividend payment and share buyback). It includes an estimation of the earn-out negotiated on Itesa and Talley and a put option on Mavisun  based on current development  for €123.8mincreased by €522.3 million year-on-year to €2 483.9 million (vs €1 961.5 million at December 31  2023)  resulting from our active capital allocation (notably M&A  dividend payment and share buyback). It includes an estimation of the earn-out negotiated on Itesa and Talley and a put option on Mavisun  based on current development  for €123.8m The indebtedness ratio (Net financial debt/EBITDAaL)   as calculated under the Senior Credit Agreement terms  stood at 1.83xProposed dividend for 2024 at 1.20€ per shareRexel will propose to Shareholders to maintain the dividend at 1.20€ per share  to be paid fully in cash. This represents a payout of 54% of the Group’s recurring net income  in line with Rexel’s policy of paying out at least 40% of recurring net income.This dividend  payable in cash on May 16th  2025 (detachment date on May 14th)  is subject to the approval of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held in Paris on April 29  2025.Active portfolio management in 2024 with 3 acquisitions and 1 disposalIn 2024  with the completion of 3 acquisitions  Rexel confirmed its strong capability to integrate acquisitions and rapidly create value  through bolt-on operations and acquisitions of adjacent activities.In June  Rexel acquired Talley  a leading distributor of wireless infrastructure products and solutions in the United States  strongly reinforcing its exposure to the fast-growing data usage trends (circa $360m of sales  300+ employees). Talley delivered outstanding performance  well above expectation  during the first year of integration Double-digit sales growth and high-single digit current adjusted Ebita margin  well above initial ambitions Synergies expectations at c. 3% of acquired sales Rapid geographical expansion into Rexel’s territoriesIn July  Rexel completed the acquisition of Electrical Supplies Inc in the US  reinforcing its position in Florida (c. $60m of sales  three branches and 93 FTE).In October  Rexel closed the acquisition of Itesa  creating a leader in the Security and Communication business  through a strong presence in the alarm and video segments (15 branches  2023 turnover of €78 million  158 employees).In addition  Rexel is accelerating the reshaping of its portfolio in order to refocus operations and management time on countries/businesses  having the potential to contribute to the Group's mid-term goals.Rexel sold its New Zealand operations on February 1 to Ten Oaks Group  an American investment company. Rexel generated €95m in 2024 through a network of 47 branches and 1 Distribution Center. Rexel does not consider having the critical size in the country  where profitability was below Group average.ESG : Delivering on CO ² emisson reduction - New Scope 3 ambition to consider the full product lifecycle throughout the value chainIn 2024  we have delivered on our CO ² reduction objectives on scope 1&2 and scope 3.Our scope 1&2 emissions were reduced by c. 8% in 2024  resulting notably from an active reduction of our own emissions through electrification of our facilities and renewable energy Well on track to reach our 2030 ambition to reduce Scope 1&2 by 60% (vs. 2016 base)Our scope 3 emissions were reduced by 8% in 2024. The scope 3 objectives have been redefined  to better consider the full environmental impact along the value chain vs a scope limited to the use of products sold previously Our scope 3 ambition  under the new definition  is to reduce emission by 35% in 2030 and to keep our ambitious net zero target in 2050. These objectives have been validated by the SBTi.OutlookIn 2025  we anticipate contrasted trends between the different regions  more specifically:Accelerating growth in North-America with Activity potentially benefiting from increased industrial investment and reshoring Favorable trends from datacenter construction  especially in the US Southeast  as well as from the recovery of residential construction  mostly in the NorthwestContinued soft environment in Western Europe in H1 with pluses and minuses Positive market share gains in most countries Residential and non-residential construction benefiting from lower interest-rate environment  with effects mostly in H2 Lack of confidence and political uncertainties in several countries Electrification trends still weak short-term  but with easier comparison basePricing environment slightly supportive  with US tariffs impact still uncertain and not included in the guidanceIn this contrasted environment  the priority will be to offset the cost inflation headwind and preserve our profitability  notably thanks toThe full-year effect of 2024 cost-reduction action plansNew 2025 savings actions kicking inIn this context  Rexel's expectations for full-year 2025 are as follows:Stable to slightly positive same-day sales growthCurrent adjusted EBITA margin 1 at c. 6%at c. 6% Free cash flow conversion2 at c. 65%  excluding the €124m fine from the French Competition Authority  to be paid in 2025Rexel’s medium-term ambitions remain unchanged with the acceleration of self-help actions offsetting the temporary market softness in Western EuropeSales growth potential of between 5% and 8%  with targeted M&A representing between 2% and 3%Current adjusted EBITA margin above 7%High-single-digit growth in Earnings Per Share (EPS)An average conversion rate of 65% of EBITDAaL into Free Cash Flow before interest and tax1 Excluding (i) amortization of PPA and (ii) the non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices.2 FCF Before interest and tax/EBITDAaLNB: The estimated impacts per quarter of (i) calendar effects by geography  (ii) changes in the consolidation scope and (iii) currency fluctuations (based on assumptions of average rates over the rest of the year for the Group's main currencies) are detailed in appendix 6CALENDARApril 29  2025 Q1 2025 salesApril 29  2025 Annual Shareholders' MeetingMay 14  2025 Detachment date of the dividendMay 16  2025 Dividend paymentJuly 28  2025 (post-market) H1 2025 resultsFINANCIAL INFORMATIONFull year 2024 financial report is available on the Group’s website (www.rexel.com).A slideshow of the fourth quarter sales and full year 2024 results publication is also available on the Group’swebsite.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  non-residential  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  non-residential  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 950 branches in 19 countries  with more than 27 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €19.3 billion in 2024.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: MSCI World  CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS / INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSBrunswick: Laurence FROST +33 6 31 65 57 06 lfrost@brunswickgroup.comGLOSSARYCURRENT EBITA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes and Amortization) is defined as operating income before amortization of intangible assets recognized upon purchase price allocation and before other income and other expenses.CURRENT ADJUSTED EBITA is defined as current EBITA excluding the estimated non-recurring net impact from changes in copper-based cable prices.EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization) is defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization and before other income and other expenses.EBITDAaL is defined as EBITDA after deduction of lease payment following the adoption of IFRS16.RECURRING NET INCOME is defined as net income restated for non-recurring copper effect  other expenses and income  non-recurring financial expenses  net of tax effect associated with the above items.FREE CASH FLOW is defined as cash from operating activities minus net capital expenditure.NET DEBT is defined as financial debt less cash and cash equivalents. Net debt includes debt hedge derivatives.APPENDIXFor appendix  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.DISCLAIMERThe Group is exposed to fluctuations in copper prices in connection with its distribution of cable products. Cables accounted for approximately 16% of the Group's sales and copper accounts for approximately 60% of the composition of cables. This exposure is indirect since cable prices also reflect copper suppliers' commercial policies and the competitive environment in the Group's markets. Changes in copper prices have an estimated so-called ""recurring"" effect and an estimated so called ""non-recurring"" effect on the Group's performance assessed as part of the monthly internal reporting process of the Rexel Group: i) the recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the change in value of the copper part included in the sales price of cables from one period to another. This effect mainly relates to the Group’s sales; ii) the non-recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the effect of copper price variations on the sales price of cables between the time they are purchased and the time they are sold  until all such inventory has been sold (direct effect on gross profit). Practically  the non-recurring effect on gross profit is determined by comparing the historical purchase price for copper-based cable and the supplier price effective at the date of the sale of the cables by the Rexel Group. Additionally  the non-recurring effect on current EBITA corresponds to the non-recurring effect on gross profit  which may be offset  when appropriate  by the non-recurring portion of changes in the distribution and administrative expenses.The impact of these two effects is assessed for as much of the Group’s total cable sales as possible  over each period. Group procedures require that entities that do not have the information systems capable of such exhaustive calculations to estimate these effects based on a sample representing at least 70% of the sales in the period. The results are then extrapolated to all cables sold during the period for that entity. Considering the sales covered. the Rexel Group considers such estimates of the impact of the two effects to be reasonable.This document may contain statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements. By their nature  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in the Universal Registration Document registered with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on March 11  2024 under number D.24-0096. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of Rexel's future performance  Rexel's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity as well as development of the industry in which Rexel operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this release. The forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this communication and Rexel does not undertake  unless required by law or regulation  to update any of the forward-looking statements after this date to conform such statements to actual results to reflect the occurrence of anticipated results or otherwise.The market and industry data and forecasts included in this document were obtained from internal surveys  estimates  experts and studies  where appropriate  as well as external market research  publicly available information and industry publications. Rexel  its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees have not independently verified the accuracy of any such market and industry data and forecasts and make no representations or warranties in relation thereto. Such data and forecasts are included herein for information purposes only.This document includes only summary information and must be read in conjunction with Rexel’s Universal Registration Document registered with the AMF on March 11  2024 under number D.24-0096  as well as the financial statements and consolidated result and activity report for the 2023 fiscal year which may be obtained from Rexel’s website (www.rexel.com).Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.33,0.17,True,English,"['Q4 sales', 'FY 2024 results', 'Rexel', 'high free cash flow conversion', 'objective Positive North America momentum', 'largest digital BtB players', 'positive North American market', 'Actual FY 2024 YoY change', 'positive same-day sales growth', 'Full year 2024 financial report', 'French Competition Authority', 'capital allocation strategy', 'healthy balance sheet', 'mid-2022 M&A', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'active M&A', 'rapid cost adaptation', 'difficult macro environment', 'continuous strategic review', 'Active acquisitions strategy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Structural cost actions', 'Main FY 2024 figures', 'value creative acquisitions', 'Digital sales growth', 'recurring net income', 'market share gains', 'solid electrification trends', 'Digital sales penetration', 'FY 24 sales growth', 'quarter Q4 sales', 'Current adjusted EBITA', 'positive momentum', 'digital penetration', 'FCF conversion', 'Financial review', 'organic growth', 'productivity gains', 'value solutions', 'cost base', 'softer environment', 'solid prospects', 'good momentum', 'operating income', 'Net Debt', 'acquisitions costs', 'market outperformance', 'same-day basis', 'adjusted basis', 'Share buyback', 'FY 2024 results', 'sales decline', 'Ebita margin', 'class services', 'exceptional items', 'Goodwill impairment', 'cash-generative model', 'Attractive return', '54% payout ratio', 'indebtedness ratio', '100m shares', 'New Zealand', '€124m fine', 'medium-term ambitions', 'savings programs', 'Guillaume TEXIER', 'softer 2024 conditions', 'advanced services', 'several countries', 'three aspects', 'strong exposure', 'optimization projects', 'press release', 'audit procedures', 'Statutory Auditors', 'following terms', 'Glossary section', 'same number', 'working days', 'Key figures1', 'comparable scope', 'FY 24 current', 'Current EBITA', 'Transformation actions', 'actual-day basis', 'business model', '2024 Portfolio management', 'resilient profitability', 'February 1st', 'Rexel teams', 'Rexel business', '9 acquisitions', 'guidance', 'Europe', 'digitalization', 'resilience', 'volume', 'impact', 'appeal', 'shareholders', 'dividend', '1.83x', 'disposal', '2025 outlook', 'Confirmation', 'acceleration', 'opportunity', 'last', 'years', 'customers', 'presence', 'region', 'Group', 'record', 'track', 'period', 'progress', 'issue', 'Board', 'Directors', 'document', 'EBITDA', 'comments', 'constant', 'percentage', 'interest', 'tax', 'definition', 'consolidation']",2025-02-12,2025-02-13,globenewswire.com
48844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2025/02/13/german-stock-exchange-operator-reports-growth-eyes-2026-targets,German stock exchange operator reports growth  eyes 2026 targets,FRANKFURT  Feb. 12 (Xinhua) -- Germany's stock exchange operator  Deutsche Boerse AG  reported robust growth in 2024 and remains on track to achieve its 2026 targets  the company announced on Wednesday. Read full story,"FRANKFURT  Feb. 12 (Xinhua) -- Germany's stock exchange operator  Deutsche Boerse AG  reported robust growth in 2024 and remains on track to achieve its 2026 targets  the company announced on Wednesday.Speaking at the company's annual press conference in Frankfurt  CEO Stephan Leithner highlighted significant revenue gains while acknowledging challenges ahead. ""2025 will be a year full of challenges... marked by continued weak growth in Europe  the return of protectionism worldwide  and geopolitical tensions "" he said.Deutsche Boerse AG recorded a 15 percent increase in both net revenue and earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization (EBITDA) last year. Net revenue rose to 5.829 billion euros (6.07 billion U.S. dollars)  while EBITDA reached 3.396 billion euros.The company has launched a new 500-million-euro share buyback program and proposed a dividend of four euros per share. Confident in continued growth  Leithner said  ""We are well on track to achieve our strategic and financial targets for 2026.""For 2025  Deutsche Boerse expects further organic growth  projecting net revenue (excluding treasury results) of approximately 5.2 billion euros and EBITDA (excluding treasury results) of around 2.7 billion euros.""With Deutsche Boerse  Europe has an operator of critical capital market infrastructure across the board that plays a role on a global level "" Leithner said.The Frankfurt Stock Exchange  run by Deutsche Boerse  remains the third-largest stock exchange in Europe  following the London Stock Exchange and Euronext in Paris. (1 euro = 1.04 U.S. dollars)",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.3,0.41,True,English,"['German stock exchange operator', 'growth', '2026 targets', 'new 500-million-euro share buyback program', 'critical capital market infrastructure', 'billion U.S. dollars', 'The Frankfurt Stock Exchange', '1.04 U.S. dollars', 'largest stock exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'annual press conference', 'stock exchange operator', 'significant revenue gains', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'CEO Stephan Leithner', '5.829 billion euros', '3.396 billion euros', '5.2 billion euros', '2.7 billion euros', 'net revenue', 'robust growth', 'weak growth', 'geopolitical tensions', '15 percent increase', 'four euros', 'organic growth', 'treasury results', 'global level', 'continued growth', 'financial targets', '2026 targets', 'Feb.', 'Xinhua', 'Germany', 'track', 'company', 'Wednesday', 'challenges', 'year', 'Europe', 'return', 'protectionism', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'EBITDA', 'dividend', 'strategic', 'board', 'role', 'third', 'Euronext', 'Paris', '2025']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,thestar.com.my
48845,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/economy/euronext-ceo-sees-trump-as-potential-boon-for-european-investment/ar-AA1yZTtn,Euronext CEO Sees Trump as Potential Boon for European Investment,Euronext NV Chief Executive Officer Stephane Boujnah said US President Donald Trump’s return to the White House could present a boon for the pan-European bourse and regional companies  as Europe is “now perceived as a great investment opportunity.,Euronext NV Chief Executive Officer Stephane Boujnah said US President Donald Trump’s return to the White House could present a boon for the pan-European bourse and regional companies  as Europe is “now perceived as a great investment opportunity.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,positive,0.64,0.36,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext CEO', 'Potential Boon', 'European Investment', 'Trump', 'Euronext NV Chief Executive Officer', 'US President Donald Trump', 'great investment opportunity', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'White House', 'pan-European bourse', 'regional companies', 'return', 'boon']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,msn.com
48846,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/economy/euronext-s-fourth-quarter-results-beat-market-forecasts/ar-AA1yZZpm,Euronext's fourth quarter results beat market forecasts,Euronext reported higher than expected fourth quarter revenue on Thursday  helped by strong fixed income trading and the expansion of its clearing business. The pan-European stock exchange operator recorded revenue of 415.,Euronext reported higher than expected fourth quarter revenue on Thursday  helped by strong fixed income trading and the expansion of its clearing business. The pan-European stock exchange operator recorded revenue of 415.,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,True,English,"['fourth quarter results', 'market forecasts', 'Euronext', 'strong fixed income trading', 'pan-European stock exchange operator', 'fourth quarter revenue', 'clearing business', 'Euronext', 'Thursday', 'expansion']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,msn.com
48847,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/euronext-tops-market-view-4th-quarter-results-2025-02-13/,Euronext tops market view for 4th quarter results,Euronext reported higher than expected fourth quarter revenue on Thursday  supported by a contribution from non-volume related activities and the expansion of its clearing business.,Euronext reported higher than expected fourth quarter revenue on Thursday  supported by a contribution from non-volume related activities and the expansion of its clearing business.,positive,0.66,0.34,0.0,neutral,0.43,0.56,0.01,True,English,"['4th quarter results', 'market view', 'Euronext', 'fourth quarter revenue', 'volume related activities', 'clearing business', 'Euronext', 'Thursday', 'contribution', 'expansion']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,reuters.com
48848,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250213185972/en/Eutelsat-and-ATSS-Renew-Strategic-Partnership-for-Premium-Satellite-Services-Across-the-Middle-East-and-North-Africa-MENA,Eutelsat and ATSS Renew Strategic Partnership for Premium Satellite Services Across the Middle East and North Africa (MENA),Eutelsat and ATSS renew strategic partnership for premium satellite services across the Middle East and North Africa.,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Group (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL) and Saudi Arabia’s Advanced Telecommunications Solutions and Services (ATSS) have renewed their satellite capacity agreement on the EUTELSAT 8 West B satellite reinforcing the long-standing collaboration between the two companies. The contract signing took place during the LEAP event in Riyadh  Saudi Arabia.ATSS is a leader in satellite communications in the MENA region. Under this latest agreement  it will continue to leverage the unparalleled Ku-band coverage of the EUTELSAT 8 West B satellite to deliver premium broadcast services across the Middle East and North Africa.The deal further cements Eutelsat’s 7/8 degrees West position as the leading video hotspot in the region and ensures ATSS and its customers can continue the exclusive distribution of multiple television channels to the millions of homes across its footprint.José Ignacio González-Núñez  RVP  MENA & Americas Sales Video Business Unit said  “Eutelsat is delighted to extend its partnership with ATSS. This renewal reflects our ongoing commitment to supporting ATSS’s growth by strengthening its capabilities in broadcasting  enabling it to further enhance its customer offer.”“This collaboration with Eutelsat Group is a pivotal step in expanding our satellite service portfolio  ensuring secure and resilient connectivity for clients across various industries ” said Eng. Abdullah Alosaimi  Chief Executive Officer of ATSS. “By integrating Eutelsat’s advanced satellite capabilities  we continue to drive digital transformation and smart connectivity across the Kingdom.”+++ENDS+++About Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of the Company and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 35 Geostationary satellites and a Low Earth a (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses the needs of customers in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit assets enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and the Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 500 people across more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).Find out more at www.eutelsat.comDISCLAIMERThe forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management’s views and assumptions as of the date of this document. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to: risks related to the health crisis; operational risks related to satellite failures or impaired satellite performance  or failure to roll out the deployment plan as planned and within the expected timeframe; risks related to the trend in the satellite telecommunications market resulting from increased competition or technological changes affecting the market; risks related to the international dimension of the Group's customers and activities; risks related to the adoption of international rules on frequency coordination and financial risks related  inter alia  to the financial guarantee granted to the Intergovernmental Organization's closed pension fund  and foreign exchange risk. Eutelsat Communications expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this document to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. The information contained in this document is not based on historical fact and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts or data mentioned will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers as reasonable.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.16,0.63,True,English,"['ATSS Renew Strategic Partnership', 'Premium Satellite Services', 'Middle East', 'North Africa', 'Eutelsat', 'MENA', 'José Ignacio González-Núñez', 'Americas Sales Video Business Unit', '7/8 degrees West position', 'EUTELSAT 8 West B satellite', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'foreign exchange risk', 'unparalleled Ku-band coverage', 'leading video hotspot', 'Eng. Abdullah Alosaimi', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'four key verticals', 'closed pension fund', 'satellite service portfolio', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'Advanced Telecommunications Solutions', 'satellite capacity agreement', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'multiple television channels', 'advanced satellite capabilities', 'satellite telecommunications market', 'premium broadcast services', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'BUSINESS WIRE', '6,500 television channels', 'satellite communications', 'satellite failures', 'satellite performance', 'latest agreement', 'integrated solutions', 'resilient connectivity', 'smart connectivity', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'Regulatory News', 'Saudi Arabia', 'two companies', 'contract signing', 'LEAP event', 'Middle East', 'North Africa', 'exclusive distribution', 'ongoing commitment', 'customer offer', 'pivotal step', 'various industries', 'digital transformation', 'Low Earth', 'LEO) constellation', 'Government Services', 'unique suite', 'orbit assets', 'digital divide', 'illustrative purposes', 'health crisis', 'deployment plan', 'technological changes', 'international dimension', 'international rules', 'frequency coordination', 'Intergovernmental Organization', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'applicable law', 'historical fact', 'Eutelsat Group', 'The Group', 'long-standing collaboration', 'global leader', '35 Geostationary satellites', 'financial guarantee', 'unknown risks', 'operational risks', 'financial risks', 'global customers', 'The Company', 'MENA region', '600 satellites', 'ETL', 'ATSS', 'place', 'Riyadh', 'deal', 'millions', 'homes', 'footprint', 'RVP', 'partnership', 'renewal', 'broadcasting', 'secure', 'clients', 'Kingdom', 'ENDS', 'combination', 'OneWeb', 'fleet', 'needs', '1,500 people', '50 countries', 'DISCLAIMER', 'management', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'document', 'expected', 'timeframe', 'trend', 'increased', 'competition', 'activities', 'adoption', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'events', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'information', 'facts', 'data']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,businesswire.com
48849,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/13/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/sidetrade-announces-alliance-with-interpath/2055305,Sidetrade announces alliance with Interpath,Interpath is a fast-growing firm that supports clients with advisory and restructuring services and has operations in the UK  France  Ireland  Germany  Austria  Bermuda  Cayman Islands  BVI  and Algeria.,"Sidetrade  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash applications  and Interpath  the international advisory firm  have announced an alliance relationship that has been designed to accelerate digital transformation efforts  empowering businesses to harness AI from Sidetrade's dedicated Order-to-Cash Data Lake and adapt more effectively to the demands of a rapidly changing economy.Interpath is a fast-growing firm that supports clients with advisory and restructuring services and has operations in the UK  France  Ireland  Germany  Austria  Bermuda  Cayman Islands  BVI  and Algeria. The alliance with Sidetrade will support the firm's continued growth and further enhance its ability to create  defend  preserve  sustain and grow value for its clients through working capital optimization. In turn  Sidetrade will be able to draw on Interpath's advisory capabilities across a wide range of markets and channels to help more leadership teams transform their Order-to-Cash operations.Kevin Schafer  AVP Partners Europe  at Sidetrade  commented: ""We are excited to join forces with Interpath to extend the reach of Aimie  Sidetrade's AI assistant  to a wider spectrum of organizations. By combining Interpath's industry expertise with our advanced technology  we are creating a powerful synergy to help businesses unlocking new efficiencies in optimizing working capital and driving sustainable cash flow growth.”The new alliance is set to reshape the way businesses tackle working capital challenges. It aims to empower organizations with digitally transformative solutions  delivering tangible results in an increasingly dynamic financial environment.Sidetrade has consistently been recognized as a leader in the global Order-to-Cash the market  thanks to its powerful AI technology powered by the Sidetrade Data Lake which processes $6.1 trillion in B2B payment transactions real-time daily in Sidetrade's cloud to provide users with a unique market view. Sidetrade has been positioned as a Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader since 2022. It was also named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Accounts Receivable Automation Applications for the Enterprise 2024 Vendor Assessment (doc #US51740924  December 2024).Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyHope Rosenbaum  Chief Growth Officer  Head of Alliances at Interpath  commented: ""Sidetrade offers a world-class Order-to-Cash solution that leverages AI and cloud technology to make a transformational impact  complementing the work we do every day to help clients improve their financial performance and create value. The alliance couldn't be timelier as businesses look for ways to make their cashflow work for them and find a more sustainable financial future. We look forward to working with Sidetrade as we leverage the technology and harness the expertise that we both hold to make a real difference for businesses we support across our international networks.”Gartner  Magic Quadrant for Invoice-to-Cash Applications  6 May 2024  Tamara Shipley Et Al.AdvertisementGartner does not endorse any vendor  product or service depicted in its research publications and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties  expressed or implied  with respect to this research  including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner and Magic Quadrant is a registered trademark of Gartner  Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved.Media relations @SidetradeBecca Parlby +44 7824 5055 84 [email protected]AdvertisementAbout Sidetrade (www.sidetrade.com)Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform designed to revolutionize how cash flow is secured and accelerated. Leveraging its next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  Sidetrade analyzes $6.1 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in its Cloud  thereby anticipating customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 38 million buyers worldwide. Aimie recommends the best operational strategies  dematerializes and intelligently automates Order-to-Cash processes to enhance productivity  results and working capital across organizations.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 400+ talented employees based in Europe  the United States and Canada  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Bidcorp  Biffa  Bunzl  Engie  Expedia  Inmarsat  KPMG  Lafarge  Manpower  Opentext  Page  Randstad  Saint-Gobain  Securitas  Sodexo  Tech Data  UGI  and Veolia.Sidetrade is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact  adhering to its principles-based approach to responsible business.AdvertisementFor further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow @Sidetrade on LinkedIn.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the English version is to be taken into accountAttachmentAdvertisementSidetrade announces alliance with Interpath Advertisement",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.42,0.31,True,English,"['Sidetrade', 'alliance', 'Interpath', 'Worldwide Accounts Receivable Automation Applications', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'sustainable cash flow growth', 'sustainable financial future', 'digital transformation efforts', 'digitally transformative solutions', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'best operational strategies', '400+ talented employees', 'Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader', 'Chief Growth Officer', 'dynamic financial environment', 'Enterprise 2024 Vendor Assessment', 'Cash Data Lake', 'working capital optimization', 'AVP Partners Europe', 'working capital challenges', 'unique market view', 'Sidetrade Data Lake', 'international advisory firm', 'powerful AI technology', 'Gartner research publications', 'Cash applications', 'United States', 'continued growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'financial performance', 'Tech Data', 'powerful synergy', 'international networks', 'vendor, product', 'global leader', 'Cash solution', 'Cash processes', 'global Order', 'changing economy', 'growing firm', 'restructuring services', 'Cayman Islands', 'advisory capabilities', 'wide range', 'leadership teams', 'Kevin Schafer', 'wider spectrum', 'advanced technology', 'new efficiencies', 'IDC MarketScape', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Hope Rosenbaum', 'transformational impact', 'real difference', 'Tamara Shipley', 'highest ratings', 'other designation', 'research organization', 'particular purpose', 'registered trademark', 'U.S.', 'Media relations', 'Becca Parlby', 'SaaS platform', '$6.1 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '38 million buyers', 'principles-based approach', 'global reach', 'Cash operations', 'AI assistant', 'next-generation AI', 'global businesses', 'AI-powered Order', 'dedicated Order', 'world-class Order', 'alliance relationship', 'industry expertise', 'new alliance', 'tangible results', 'technology users', 'all warranties', 'way businesses', 'cloud technology', 'service mark', 'Interpath', 'demands', 'clients', 'UK', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Bermuda', 'BVI', 'Algeria', 'ability', 'value', 'turn', 'channels', 'forces', 'Aimie', 'organizations', 'December', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Head', 'Alliances', 'ways', 'cashflow', 'Invoice', 'May', 'Al.', 'Advertisement', 'vendors', 'opinions', 'statements', 'fact', 'respect', 'fitness', 'Inc.', 'affiliates', 'permission', 'rights', 'ALBFR', 'productivity', 'Canada', '85 countries', 'Bidcorp', 'Biffa', 'Bunzl', 'Engie', 'Expedia', 'Inmarsat', 'KPMG', 'Lafarge', 'Manpower', 'Opentext', 'Page', 'Randstad', 'Saint-Gobain', 'Securitas', 'Sodexo', 'UGI', 'Veolia', 'participant']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,manilatimes.net
48850,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.just-food.com/news/unilever-picks-trio-of-markets-for-ice-cream-listing-post-2025-demerger/,Unilever picks trio of markets for ice-cream listing post-2025 demerger,Unilever has confirmed its ice-cream business will be listed in Amsterdam  London and New York but will contribute to gross margin this year.,"Ben & Jerry’s ice cream on sale in Morrisons  Sidcup  United Kingdom  19 March 2024. Credit: Just FoodUnilever has confirmed its ice-cream business will be listed in Amsterdam  London and New York but the category will still contribute to gross margin this year.In terms of timing for the demerger  “by the end of 2025” remains the objective of CEO Hein Schumacher  who said today (13 February) that post-the listing spin-off  ice cream will be incorporated in the Netherlands and headquartered in Amsterdam.Unilever’s shares are already trading on exchanges in those markets but as Schumacher presented 2024 results today  he told analysts on a call: “When it comes to the three exchanges  [the] country of incorporation is the Netherlands  and that means…Amsterdam or Euronext would be a primary listing location with other listings in London and New York  and that is  of course  to mitigate any technical flow back.”Jean-Francois van Boxmeer has been appointed as the chair-designate to head up the separated ice-cream business. The former Heineken CEO is currently a non-executive director at the Dutch drinks giant and the chairman of Vodafone.Ice cream outperformed Unilever’s wider food category (previously reported as nutrition) in terms of both sales growth and volumes in 2024.Underlying sales growth (USG) for ice cream was 3.7% with volumes up 1.6%  compared to 2.6% and 0.2% for food. All of Unilever’s other category segments also delivered positive results  leading to a group USG of 4.2% and 2.9% for volumes.How well do you really know your competitors? Access the most comprehensive Company Profiles on the market  powered by GlobalData. Save hours of research. Gain competitive edge. View profiles in store Company Profile – free sample Thank you! Your download email will arrive shortly Not ready to buy yet? Download a free sample We are confident about the unique quality of our Company Profiles. However  we want you to make the most beneficial decision for your business  so we offer a free sample that you can download by submitting the below form By GlobalData Submit Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire  Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d""Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia  The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena  Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace  Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government  trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR  Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel  Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Tick here to opt out of curated industry news  reports  and event updates from Just Food. Submit and download Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services  how we may use  process and share your personal data  including information of your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address.Within ice cream  Ben & Jerry’s and Wall’s were the “fastest-growing brands” last year  Unilever said.New margin baseUnilever has also set a new “base” line for gross margin across the group of 45%  a figure achieved in 2024 after a 280 basis-point increase  adding to the previous year’s 200-point advance. The margin now stands at pre-Covid levels  but not for ice cream.Schumacher said the 45% margin has been achieved ahead of target  initially set out for the end of 2025 or 2026 under the Growth Action Plan he introduced after becoming CEO in mid-2023.“That's the level that we feel comfortable with from where to grow ” he said today.“In the guidance that we have given  ice cream is fully part of the group for 2025. What we've said before is  once ice cream is demerged  it will have a technical effect on margins overall of around 90 basis points. But that is not included in our guidance remarks that we're making today.”USG for the new financial year will fall within Unilever’s multi-year framework of 3-5% but growth is expected to slow in the early part of 2025 before picking up sequentially  with inflation-linked pricing to play a part.Pricing was 1.3% across the group last year  with 2.1% in ice cream and 2.4% in Unilever’s food categories. Cocoa had a “very significant impact” on ice cream in terms of overall input-cost pressures  CFO Fernando Fernandez said.“We expect the market and our growth to improve during the year as prices increase  reflecting higher commodity costs ” Fernandez told analysts. “We expect for the full year a more balanced contribution between volume and price.”He added: “We anticipate a modest improvement in underlying operating margin for the full year  versus 18.4% in 2024. We expect this improvement to be realised in the second half given the first-half comparator of 19.6%.”A question was posed today on Unilever reaching its mid-term USG guidance of 4-6% given the pending demerger of ice cream.“What we've said is  that after the demerger of ice cream  we have guided towards 4-6% growth. That's still what we're shooting for ” Schumacher said.“We said  look  there is a bit of impact on ice cream  but we also said that by then  the Growth Action Plan would be in place for a considerable amount of time.”Alongside the initial plan to separate ice cream in March 2024  Schumacher also revealed 7 500 Unilever jobs would go under a productivity programme to cut costs by €800m ($832.1m) through 2027.Today  the CEO said those savings would be “more than enough to offset the operational dis-synergies from the separation of ice cream”  adding that 4 300 roles were reduced by the end of last year and “close” to €200m in savings realised.“We are now confident of completing the programme of 7 500 roll reductions by the end of 2025. As a result  from 2026 we expect levels of restructuring spend to be substantially lower ” he said.“We expect that full productivity programme to end by the end of 2025  which is well ahead of expectations.”",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['ice-cream listing', 'post-2025 demerger', 'Unilever', 'trio', 'markets', 'Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island', 'Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island', 'Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena', 'Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia', 'Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic', 'Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire', 'Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa', 'Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo', 'UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua', 'Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle', 'Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis', 'British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso', 'Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates', 'Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d', 'Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil', 'South Georgia', 'The South Sandwich Islands', 'The Former Yugoslav Republic', 'Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre', 'Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay', 'Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard', 'Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government', 'New York', 'McDonald Islands', 'Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada', 'San Marino Sao Tome', 'Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks', 'Futuna Western Sahara Yemen', 'Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Industry', 'The Grenadines Samoa', 'Miquelon Saint Vincent', 'Saint Kitts', 'former Heineken CEO', 'Jean-Francois van Boxmeer', 'Dutch drinks giant', 'Tristan da Cunha', 'Tokelau Tonga Trinidad', 'Agriculture Asset Management', 'primary listing location', 'CEO Hein Schumacher', 'other category segments', 'wider food category', 'comprehensive Company Profiles', 'United Kingdom', 'GlobalData Submit Country', 'listing spin-off', 'other listings', 'ice cream', 'Just Food', 'gross margin', 'technical flow', 'executive director', 'sales growth', 'Save hours', 'competitive edge', 'free sample', 'download email', 'unique quality', 'beneficial decision', 'Sint Eustatius', 'Education Aerospace', 'Automotive Banking', 'trade bodies', 'Fitness Hospitals', 'ice-cream business', 'three exchanges', 'positive results', 'group USG', '2024 results', 'Jerry', 'Morrisons', 'Sidcup', 'Credit', 'Unilever', 'Amsterdam', 'London', 'terms', 'timing', 'demerger', 'end', 'objective', 'shares', 'markets', 'analysts', 'call', 'incorporation', 'Euronext', 'chair', 'designate', 'Vodafone', 'nutrition', 'volumes', 'competitors', 'research', 'store', 'Barbuda', 'Argentina', 'Saba', 'Bosnia', 'Herzegovina', 'Ivoire', 'Ascension', 'Principe', 'Spain', 'Tobago', 'Academia', 'Defense', 'Security', 'Payments', 'NGOs', 'Health', 'Staffing', 'Recr', '19']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,just-food.com
48851,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/13/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/heineken-nv-announces-first-tranche-of-its-15-billion-share-buyback-programme/2055120,Heineken N.V. announces first tranche of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme,Heineken N.V. announces first tranche of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme,"Heineken N.V. announces first tranche of its €1.5 billion share buyback programmePress releaseAmsterdam  13 February 2025 - Heineken N.V. (HEINEKEN) [(EURONEXT:HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY)] announces the start of the first €750 million tranche of its €1.5 billion two-year share buyback programme as communicated on 12 February 2025.Heineken Holding N.V. (Heineken Holding)  HEINEKEN's majority shareholder  will participate pro rata to its shareholding in HEINEKEN's share buyback programme on a daily basis  pursuant to an agreement between HEINEKEN and Heineken Holding. The price per HEINEKEN share payable to Heineken Holding will be the volume-weighted average price of the shares acquired by HEINEKEN on market as part of the programme on the relevant day. HEINEKEN and Heineken Holding have entered into an arrangement to ensure Heineken Holding's participation in HEINEKEN's share buyback programme is implemented in conformity with Heineken Holding's articles of association.The first tranche of the HEINEKEN share buyback programme is expected to be completed no later than 30 January 2026  or so much earlier as the amount dedicated to the first tranche has been spent  barring unforeseen circumstances. All shares that are repurchased under the programme will be cancelled. The share buyback programme may be suspended  modified  or discontinued at any time.The programme will be executed within the existing authority granted in the 25 April 2024 HEINEKEN Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and the authority to be granted by future general meetings of HEINEKEN.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe programme will be executed in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (as amended  ""Market Abuse Regulation”)  including  with respect to the repurchase of shares on the market  compliance with the safe harbour provisions for share buybacks.HEINEKEN will inform the market of the progress of the programme through regular press releases and updates on its website (www.heinekencompany.com/investors).AdvertisementEnquiriesMedia Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: [email protected] E-mail: [email protected] Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN's over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn and Instagram.AdvertisementDisclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regards to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN's activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN's non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN's emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim”  ""ambition”  ""anticipate”  ""believe”  ""could”  ""estimate”  ""expect”  ""goals”  ""intend”  ""may”  ""milestones”  ""objectives”  ""outlook”  ""plan”  ""probably”  ""project”  ""risks”  ""schedule”  ""seek”  ""should”  ""target”  ""will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN's ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN's publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.AttachmentAdvertisement",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.19,0.62,True,English,"['€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Heineken N.V.', 'first tranche', 'Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director', 'other climate change related matters', '25 April 2024 HEINEKEN Annual General Meeting', '€1.5 billion two-year share buyback programme', 'Global Communication Global Director', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'HEINEKEN share buyback programme', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'other production facilities', 'future general meetings', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'safe harbour provisions', 'Senior Analyst E', 'long-term brand investment', 'Heineken N.V.', 'regular press releases', 'volume-weighted average price', 'focused cost management', 'Most recent information', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'first €750 million tranche', 'share buybacks', 'other factors', 'first tranche', 'Heineken® brand', 'majority shareholder', 'daily basis', 'relevant day', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Editorial information', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'current expectations', 'financial position', 'historical facts', 'non-financial reporting', 'emissions reduction', 'potential impacts', 'future performance', 'looking statements', 'existing authority', 'Media Investors', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'actual results', 'Better World', 'similar terms', 'numerous assumptions', 'unknown risks', 'Amsterdam', '13 February', 'EURONEXT', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'start', '12 February', 'shareholding', 'agreement', 'shares', 'part', 'arrangement', 'conformity', 'articles', 'association', '30 January', 'amount', 'Shareholders', 'inbox', 'Service', 'compliance', 'respect', 'repurchase', 'progress', 'updates', 'website', 'heinekencompany', 'Advertisement', 'Enquiries', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '85,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Disclaimer', 'forward', 'regards', 'activities', 'developments', 'actions', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'project', 'schedule', 'target', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties']",2025-02-13,2025-02-13,manilatimes.net
