UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
39603,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2024/04/20/imf-world-bank-ukraine-russia-assets/,At IMF and World Bank meetings  U.S. pushes allies over seized Russia assets,At the spring meetings of the IMF and World Bank in D.C.  U.S. officials pushed Europeans to use some of the Russian central bank reserves that were frozen.,The House on Saturday approved $61 billion in aid to Ukraine  ending six months of squabbling over continued U.S. funding of the war against Russia. But the diplomatic battle over how to pay the rest of Ukraine’s bills is only getting started. At the annual spring meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington this past week  U.S. officials pushed reluctant Europeans to use some of the $280 billion in Russian central bank reserves that the allies froze in the war’s opening hours.Over the past few months  diplomats have considered various proposals  including seizing the assets and transferring them to Kyiv  or using profits from the Russian investments to back a loan or bond offering. A final decision on proposals to repurpose the Russian assets awaits a June summit meeting of President Biden and other Group of Seven leaders in Italy.Advertisement“They’ve had the arguments for a long time. It’s now a question of can you get it done?” said Clay Lowery  executive vice president of the Institute of International Finance and a former Treasury official.The glacial pace of decision-making highlights an uncomfortable reality for Kyiv: Despite this week’s apparent breakthrough in Congress  Ukraine faces recurring battles to win financial help. The current bill for damages and reconstruction is $486 billion and rising  according to a joint estimate by the government  the World Bank and the European Commission. And its battered economy remains dependent on international support.Events are moving more quickly on the battlefield  where the Kremlin has been grinding out gains. Russian forces in recent days made “relatively significant tactical advances” outside of Avdiivka in eastern Ukraine  according to the Institute for the Study of War  a nonprofit research group.AdvertisementEuropean officials have balked at confiscating the Russian assets  fearing it could breach international law  discourage investors from trusting the euro and invite Russian retaliation.Christine Lagarde  head of the European Central Bank  said last week that proposals to tap the frozen Russian assets for Ukraine’s benefit risk “breaking the international legal order that you want to protect.”European officials also bristle at American insistence on what they see as a risky course of action when they hold the vast majority of the assets and any Russian retaliation will probably fall on Europe  not the United States.As of September  the frozen Russian assets total $280 billion  “the majority of which is held in the European Union ” according to the G-7 task force monitoring the funds.About $210 billion of that amount is held by Euroclear  a Belgian financial services company. Only around $5 billion is believed to be in the United States.AdvertisementAt the IMF and World Bank meetings  Treasury Secretary Janet L. Yellen met with her European counterparts in hopes of hammering out a compromise.French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told reporters Wednesday that officials were discussing the European Commission’s March proposal to transfer to Ukraine about 3 billion to 5 billion euros annually. That sum  representing interest earned on the immobilized assets  could narrow Kyiv’s budget deficit or help it acquire additional military hardware.Amid Washington’s protracted debate  Ukraine has run short of shells  bullets and air defense systems. But the modest sums being discussed  measured against Ukraine’s daunting needs  have left some observers skeptical.“That is not going to change the battlefield or the fate of the Ukrainian economy ” said Douglas Rediker  chairman of International Capital Strategies  a financial advisory firm.AdvertisementEuropean finance ministers also fear that confiscating the Russian central bank assets could trigger a flight of global capital from the continent  according to Eswar Prasad  a Cornell University professor who served as chief of the financial studies division at the IMF.But Prasad defended the measure as an important step if it leads to additional transfers of Russian revenue to Ukraine over time.“If they can find a sensible way to start using Russian resources to transfer money to Ukraine  even if modest amounts  the symbolic significance cannot be overstated ” Prasad said.Even if European reluctance can be overcome  the details of utilizing Russian funds are vexing. The Belgian prime minister last month floated the idea of raising money for Ukraine by issuing bonds that would pay investors interest with profits from the Russian assets. The United States has pushed the idea of having the G-7 nations join to arrange a syndicated loan  which would be backed by Ukraine’s reparation claims against Russia. Each proposal involves complex legal and financial questions.AdvertisementAll involved agree that more needs to be done for Ukraine  but there is no consensus on specifics  one senior Treasury official said  speaking on the condition of anonymity to relay confidential discussions.Share this article Share“We’re thinking of the Russian sovereign assets as a sustainable medium-to-long-term solution for this funding problem ” the Treasury official said.Assuming House approval of the Ukraine aid bill  the Senate is expected to follow suit soon  leading to the president signing legislation granting the embattled country much-needed financial assistance.“You should not take the passage of this bill as evidence that the U.S. obligations to Ukraine are over. Ukraine has no certainty even for 2025 ” said Hlib Vyshlinsky  executive director of the Center for Economic Strategy  a Ukrainian think tank. “It will need further support to prevail in this war.”AdvertisementThe House also is expected to pass the Rebuilding Economic Prosperity and Opportunity for Ukrainians Act (REPO)  which would give the president authority to seize any Russian assets under U.S. jurisdiction.,neutral,0.03,0.82,0.15,negative,0.02,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['World Bank meetings', 'U.S.', 'Russia assets', 'IMF', 'allies', 'French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire', 'Treasury Secretary Janet L. Yellen', '3 billion to 5 billion euros', 'one senior Treasury official', 'Belgian financial services company', 'Russian central bank reserves', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Belgian prime minister', 'former Treasury official', 'U.S. funding', 'annual spring meetings', 'June summit meeting', 'air defense systems', 'Cornell University professor', 'European Central Bank', 'European finance ministers', 'financial advisory firm', 'financial studies division', 'International Monetary Fund', 'executive vice president', 'nonprofit research group', 'G-7 task force', 'additional military hardware', 'World Bank meetings', 'U.S. officials', 'international legal order', 'International Capital Strategies', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'The United States', 'International Finance', 'financial help', 'financial questions', 'The House', 'President Biden', 'other Group', 'international support', 'international law', 'global capital', 'additional transfers', 'G-7 nations', 'complex legal', 'Russian investments', 'Russian forces', 'Russian retaliation', 'Russian revenue', 'Russian resources', 'European Commission', 'European officials', 'European Union', 'European counterparts', 'European reluctance', 'immobilized assets', 'diplomatic battle', 'reluctant Europeans', 'opening hours', 'bond offering', 'final decision', 'Seven leaders', 'Clay Lowery', 'glacial pace', 'uncomfortable reality', 'apparent breakthrough', 'recurring battles', 'current bill', 'joint estimate', 'recent days', 'tactical advances', 'Christine Lagarde', 'benefit risk', 'American insistence', 'risky course', 'budget deficit', 'modest sums', 'daunting needs', 'Douglas Rediker', 'important step', 'sensible way', 'modest amounts', 'symbolic significance', 'reparation claims', 'confidential discussions', 'Russian funds', 'six months', 'long time', 'vast majority', 'March proposal', 'Ukrainian economy', 'syndicated loan', 'various proposals', 'Eswar Prasad', 'eastern Ukraine', 'Saturday', 'aid', 'continued', 'rest', 'bills', 'Washington', 'allies', 'past', 'diplomats', 'Kyiv', 'profits', 'Italy', 'Advertisement', 'arguments', 'Institute', 'decision-making', 'week', 'Congress', 'damages', 'reconstruction', 'government', 'Events', 'battlefield', 'Kremlin', 'gains', 'Avdiivka', 'Study', 'investors', 'head', 'action', 'September', 'Euroclear', 'IMF', 'hopes', 'compromise', 'reporters', 'protracted', 'debate', 'shells', 'bullets', 'observers', 'fate', 'chairman', 'flight', 'continent', 'chief', 'measure', 'money', 'details', 'idea', 'bonds', 'consensus', 'specifics', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'article', 'Share']",2024-04-20,2024-04-21,washingtonpost.com
39604,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.macaubusiness.com/olof-persson-to-replace-gerrit-marx-as-ceo-of-iveco-group-starting-from-july-2024/,Olof Persson to replace Gerrit Marx as CEO of Iveco Group starting from July 2024,Turin  21st April 2024. The Board of Iveco Group N.V. (EXM: IVG) (or “the Group”) announces that Olof Persson will succeed Gerrit Marx as Group CEO when the latter leaves the Group to take up his appointment as the CEO of CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI) on 1 st July 2024.,Turin  21st April 2024. The Board of Iveco Group N.V. (EXM: IVG) (or “the Group”) announces that Olof Persson will succeed Gerrit Marx as Group CEO when the latter leaves the Group to take up his appointment as the CEO of CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI) on 1st July 2024.Mr. Persson  who is currently an Iveco Group Board Independent Director  will step in to the role of CEO  having been closely involved in the development of the Group’s plans as presented at our recent Capital Markets Day.Suzanne Heywood  Chair of Iveco Group commented: “On behalf of everyone at Iveco Group I’d like to thank Gerrit for his energetic and successful leadership over the past two and half years and wish him every success in his new role. We are fortunate indeed that Olof  with his wealth of relevant industry experience  will step in as CEO and provide a guarantee of continuity in execution of the plans we presented in March.”Olof Persson said: “As a Board member I have been greatly impressed by the entire Iveco Group team as they have opened the company to the opportunities of the digital era and the transition to alternative propulsion technologies. I couldn’t be more delighted to have this opportunity to step in to the CEO role  ensuring that we maintain our laser focus on serving all our stakeholders and applying the very best of our many and growing capabilities.”Gerrit Marx said: “Olof is not only a valued member of our Board but has been a close mentor to me and the senior Iveco Group team. His extensive executive leadership experience  deep industry knowledge and understanding of our Group will ensure continued strong momentum for the plans we recently presented. I’m deeply proud of the achievements of my Iveco Group colleagues during these important and exciting years since our listing and have no doubt that under Olof’s leadership our great company will continue to go from strength to strength.”During his career Mr. Persson has held various positions at ABB and was appointed Division President at Bombardier Transportation in 2004. In 2006  he joined Volvo Group as President of Volvo Aero and subsequently President of Volvo Construction Equipment in 2008. In 2011 he became President and CEO of the AB Volvo Group. In 2016 Mr. Persson was appointed Senior Operating Executive at Cerberus Operations and Advisory Company. In 2022 he joined the Board of Iveco Group as an Independent Director when the Group listed on Euronext Milan.Iveco Group’s first quarter financial results will be presented by Mr. Marx  as planned  on 10th May 2024.Iveco Group N.V. (EXM: IVG) is the home of unique people and brands that power your business and mission to advance a more sustainable society. The eight brands are each a major force in its specific business: IVECO  a pioneering commercial vehicles brand that designs  manufactures  and markets heavy  medium  and light-duty trucks; FPT Industrial  a global leader in a vast array of advanced powertrain technologies in the agriculture  construction  marine  power generation  and commercial vehicles sectors; IVECO BUS and HEULIEZ  mass-transit and premium bus and coach brands; IDV  for highly specialised defence and civil protection equipment; ASTRA  a leader in large-scale heavy-duty quarry and construction vehicles; MAGIRUS  the industry-reputed firefighting vehicle and equipment manufacturer; and IVECO CAPITAL  the financing arm which supports them all. Iveco Group employs more than 36 000 people around the world and has 20 industrial sites and 29 R&D centres. Further information is available on the Company’s website www.ivecogroup.comMedia Contacts:Francesco Polsinelli  Tel: +39 335 1776091Fabio Lepore  Tel: +39 335 7469007E-mail: [email protected]Investor Relations:Federico Donati  Tel: +39 011 0073539E-mail: [email protected]Attachments,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.83,0.15,0.02,True,English,"['Olof Persson', 'Gerrit Marx', 'Iveco Group', 'CEO', 'July', 'first quarter financial results', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'pioneering commercial vehicles brand', 'Iveco Group Board Independent Director', 'recent Capital Markets Day', 'extensive executive leadership experience', 'Iveco Group N.V.', 'entire Iveco Group team', 'senior Iveco Group team', 'Senior Operating Executive', 'relevant industry experience', 'commercial vehicles sectors', 'alternative propulsion technologies', 'deep industry knowledge', 'advanced powertrain technologies', 'large-scale heavy-duty quarry', 'industry-reputed firefighting vehicle', '29 R&D centres', 'civil protection equipment', 'Iveco Group colleagues', 'AB Volvo Group', 'Volvo Construction Equipment', 'IVECO CAPITAL', 'construction vehicles', 'IVECO BUS', 'FPT Industrial', 'equipment manufacturer', '20 industrial sites', 'Volvo Aero', 'successful leadership', '21st April', '1st July', 'Mr. Persson', 'Suzanne Heywood', 'past two', 'half years', 'digital era', 'laser focus', 'growing capabilities', 'close mentor', 'strong momentum', 'exciting years', 'various positions', 'Bombardier Transportation', 'Cerberus Operations', 'Euronext Milan', 'Mr. Marx', '10th May', 'sustainable society', 'major force', 'light-duty trucks', 'vast array', 'power generation', 'premium bus', 'specialised defence', 'financing arm', 'Further information', 'Media Contacts', 'Francesco Polsinelli', 'Fabio Lepore', 'Investor Relations', 'Federico Donati', 'Group CEO', 'Gerrit Marx', 'new role', 'eight brands', 'coach brands', 'Board member', 'great company', 'Advisory Company', 'unique people', 'specific business', 'global leader', 'Olof Persson', 'Division President', 'CEO role', '36,000 people', 'Turin', 'EXM', 'IVG', 'appointment', 'NYSE', 'CNHI', 'development', 'plans', 'Chair', 'behalf', 'everyone', 'energetic', 'wealth', 'guarantee', 'continuity', 'execution', 'March', 'opportunities', 'transition', 'opportunity', 'stakeholders', 'many', 'understanding', 'achievements', 'important', 'listing', 'doubt', 'strength', 'career', 'ABB', 'home', 'mission', 'manufactures', 'agriculture', 'marine', 'HEULIEZ', 'mass-transit', 'IDV', 'ASTRA', 'MAGIRUS', 'world', 'website', 'ivecogroup', 'Tel', 'mail', 'Attachments']",2024-04-21,2024-04-21,macaubusiness.com
