UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54954,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3235928/0/en/Proposals-by-Sanoma-s-Board-of-Directors-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-2026.html,Proposals by Sanoma’s Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting 2026,Proposals by Sanoma’s Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting 2026....,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  11 February 2026 at 8:35 a.m. EETProposals by Sanoma’s Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting 2026Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting 2026 (AGM) is planned to be held on Thursday  7 May 2026 at 10:00 a.m. EET at Sanomatalo in Helsinki. The notice to convene the AGM is planned to be published on the Company’s website at sanoma.com on 25 March 2026. The notice will include more detailed information on the participation and voting at the AGM.The Board of Directors of Sanoma is making the following proposals to the AGM 2026.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.42 per share shall be paid from the distributable earnings of the Parent Company.The dividend shall be paid in three equal instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.14 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date 11 May 2026. The payment date proposed by the Board of Directors for this instalment is 19 May 2026.The second instalment of EUR 0.14 per share shall be paid in September 2026. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend record date for this instalment is 15 September 2026 and the payment date 22 September 2026.The third instalment of EUR 0.14 per share shall be paid in November 2026. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend record date for this instalment is 3 November 2026 and the payment date is 10 November 2026.Remuneration Report of the governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for year 2025  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 19 April 2023 by the Company’s Annual General Meeting  will be available on the Company’s website at sanoma.com on week 14  commencing on 30 March 2026.In accordance with the Board of Director's Human Resources Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting to adopt the Remuneration Report is advisory.Remuneration and election of the Auditor and Sustainability AuditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid according to invoice approved by the Company.Furthermore  in accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Sustainability Auditor’s remuneration be paid according to invoice approved by the Company.The Auditor will be elected at the Annual General Meeting for the term that is determined in the Articles of Association of the Company. The term expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election. In accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor shall be audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Tiina Puukkoniemi  Authorised Public Accountant  is the Auditor with principal responsibility. The term of the Auditor will expire at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2027.Furthermore  in accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Sustainability Auditor shall be sustainability audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy for a term that expires at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2027. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Tiina Puukkoniemi  Authorised Public Accountant  Authorised Sustainability Auditor (ASA)  is the responsible sustainability auditor.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The own shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The shares shall be repurchased either through a tender offer made to all shareholders on equal terms or otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders  at their current price in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or otherwise at a price formed on the market.The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled. The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2027 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 29 April 2025.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company’s own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 21 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The total number of new shares to be registered based on this authorisation cannot exceed 16 000 000 new shares in aggregate. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2027 and it will replace the authorisation to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares which was granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 29 April 2025.To use the shareholders’ right to have matters dealt with by the AGM  a written request should be sent to the Board of Directors by Wednesday  25 February 2026 at the latest.Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Across Europe  we support teachers and students with best-in-class learning content and solutions to help all students reach their potential. We combine pedagogical expertise with quality content and innovative educational technologies to help shape the future of K12 education.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.We have a clear organic growth pathway in K12 education and aim to accelerate growth through value-creating M&A. Across our business  we are responsibly harnessing the opportunities of AI  always emphasising human oversight. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Today  we operate across Europe and employ close to 5 000 professionals. In 2025  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our adjusted operating profit margin was 14.4%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Proposals', 'Sanoma', 'Board', 'Directors', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'Human Resources Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'three equal instalments', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'dividend record date', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'sustainability audit firm', 'Authorised Sustainability Auditor', 'responsible sustainability auditor', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Directors’ Audit Committee', 'public trading', 'several instalments', 'equal terms', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy.', 'payment date', 'detailed information', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'governing bodies', 'Tiina Puukkoniemi', 'principal responsibility', 'tender offer', 'capital structure', 'remuneration policy', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'sanoma.com', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'following proposals', 'shareholder register', 'current price', 'The Board', 'Parent Company', 'February', '8:35 a', 'AGM', 'Thursday', 'May', '10:00 a', 'Sanomatalo', 'notice', 'website', '25 March', 'participation', 'voting', 'profit', 'September', 'November', 'year', 'accordance', '19 April', 'week', '30 March', 'recommendation', 'resolution', 'election', 'invoice', 'Articles', 'Association', 'ASA', 'repurchase', 'shares', 'maximum', 'one', 'funds', 'distribution', 'proportion', 'market']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54955,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3235922/0/en/Notice-convening-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Siili-Solutions-Plc.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Siili Solutions Plc,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Siili Solutions Plc  Siili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release 11 February 2026 at 8:30 a.m. (Finnish time)...,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Siili Solutions PlcSiili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release 11 February 2026 at 8:30 a.m. (Finnish time)The shareholders of Siili Solutions Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  8 April 2026 starting at 2:00 p.m. (Finnish time) at the address Töölönlahdenkatu 2  FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland (Flik event studio Eliel  Sanomatalo). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 1:30 p.m. (Finnish time).Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Further information on advance voting is presented in section C. 2. of this meeting notice.Shareholders can follow the General Meeting via a video stream. Other persons than the Company’s shareholders are also welcome to follow the video stream. Instructions on how to follow the video stream are available on the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2026. It is not possible to pose any other questions than those referred to below in this section  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via the video stream. Following the meeting via the video stream or asking questions as referred to below shall not be considered as participation in the General Meeting or as the exercise of shareholder rights. Persons who follow the video stream may ask questions or make comments to the CEO in writing during the CEO’s review in agenda item 6. through the chat functionality. A recording of the video stream will be available on the Company’s website after the General Meeting  no later than on 22 April 2026.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe General Meeting shall consider the following matters:Opening of the meetingCalling the meeting to orderElection of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and the persons to supervise the counting of votesRecording the legality of the meetingRecording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesPresentation of the financial statements  including the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report and the assurance report of sustainability reporting for the year 2025Presentation of the CEO’s review.The annual report  including the report of the Board of Directors  the consolidated financial statements  the financial statements of the parent company  the auditor’s report  and the assurance report of sustainability reporting will be available on the Company’s website at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2026 at the latest on 13 March 2026.Adoption of the financial statements  including the consolidated financial statementsResolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that  based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial period 2025  a dividend of EUR 0.07 per share be paid from the Company’s distributable funds  i.e.  approximately EUR 0.57 million in total based on the status of the date of this meeting notice  and that the rest of the distributable funds be retained in equity.The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date 10 April 2026 are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on 17 April 2026.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liabilityConsideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe remuneration report for governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2026 at the latest on 13 March 2026.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would remain unchanged and be as follows:The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 3 850 per month  the Deputy Chair EUR 2 500 per month  the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500 per month and other members EUR 2 000 per month.The Chairs of the Board of Directors’ Committees are paid EUR 200 per month for their work on the Committee  in addition to which all Committee members are paid a meeting fee of EUR 300 per meeting. In addition  the members of the Board of Directors receive compensation for travel expenses in line with the Company’s business travel policy.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that five (5) members be elected to the Board of Directors.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the composition of the Board of Directors will remain unchanged and the current members of the Board of Directors Harry Brade  Jesse Maula  Katarina Cantell  Henna Mäkinen and Sebastian Nyström be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the next term of office.The term of office of the members lasts until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. All persons proposed have given their consent to the election.Background information on each person proposed for the Board of Directors is available on the website of Siili Solutions Plc at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/en.The proposed members Jesse Maula  Henna Mäkinen  Katarina Cantell and Sebastian Nyström are considered independent of the Company and its significant shareholders. Harry Brade is independent of the Company but non-independent of its significant shareholder Lamy Oy.In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends to the Board of Directors that it re-elects Harry Brade as its Chair and Jesse Maula as Deputy Chair.In the selection of the Board member candidates  the Nomination Board has emphasized relevant experience and competence of the candidates  especially considering the strategic objectives of the company. Further  in its selection process the Nomination Board has considered the diversity of the Board.With regard to the selection procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the General Meeting. The Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole also has the best possible expertise and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that the auditor of the Company be paid remuneration in accordance with the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the Company.Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that audit firm KPMG Oy Ab be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the following term of office. KPMG Oy Ab has stated that if it is elected as the Company’s auditor  Petri Sammalisto  APA  will act as the principal auditor.Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that the sustainability reporting assurer of the Company be paid remuneration in accordance with the sustainability reporting assurer’s reasonable invoice approved by the Company.Election of the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that authorised sustainability audit firm KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider for the following term of office. KPMG Oy Ab has stated that if it is elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider  Petri Sammalisto  ASA  will act as the principal sustainability auditor.The proposed resolution is conditional on the company being obliged to appoint a sustainability reporting assurance provider pursuant to chapter 7  section 6a of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.Authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares under the following terms and conditions:Using the Company’s unrestricted equity  a maximum of 814 000 shares may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge in one or more tranches  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the Company.The shares will be repurchased in trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy’s regulated market at a price formed in public trading on the date of repurchase. The Company’s own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to the Company’s business  for optimising the Company’s capital structure  for implementing the Company’s incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled.Own shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The share purchase will decrease the Company’s distributable unrestricted equity. The Board of Directors resolves on all other terms and conditions for the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares.The authorisation is proposed to remain in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than until 30 June 2027. The authorisation shall revoke earlier unused authorisations to resolve on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares.Authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares within the meaning of chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or more tranches either against consideration or free of consideration.The number of shares to be issued  including shares received on the basis of the special rights shall not exceed a maximum of 814 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the Company. The Board of Directors may resolve either to issue new shares or to transfer treasury shares held by the Company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to resolve on all terms of the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used to strengthen the Company’s balance sheet and financial position  to pay purchase prices for acquisitions  in share-based incentive or commitment schemes or for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors.The total maximum number of shares to be issued for the purpose of share-based incentive and commitment schemes is 185 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 2.3% of all the shares in the Company. For the avoidance of doubt  the above maximum number of shares is included in the maximum number of the issuance authorisation referred to above.Based on the authorisation  the Board of Directors is also authorised to resolve on a share issue directed to the Company itself  provided that the number of shares held by the Company after the issue would be a maximum of 10% of all the shares in the Company. This number includes all the Company’s own shares held by the Company and its subsidiaries in the manner provided for in chapter 15  section 11(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act.The authorisation is proposed to remain in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than until 30 June 2027. The authorisation shall revoke earlier authorisations concerning share issues and the issuance other special rights entitling to shares.Closing the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThis notice of the General Meeting  which includes all the resolution proposals of the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on Siili Solutions Plc’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2026 as of 11 February 2026. Siili Solutions Plc’s annual report for the year 2025  including the report of the Board of Directors  the consolidated financial statements  the financial statements of the parent company  the auditor’s report  the assurance report of sustainability reporting  and the remuneration report for governing bodies will be available on said website at the latest as of 13 March 2026. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above website at the latest on 22 April 2026.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEETING PARTICIPANTSShareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 25 March 2026 (the record date of the General Meeting) have the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.The registration period for the General Meeting commences on 12 February 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and wishes to participate in the General Meeting shall register no later than on 30 March 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  by which time the registration must be received. A shareholder can register for the General Meeting by one of the following means:a) Via the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2026. Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or a mobile certificate.b) By email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. In the email  registering shareholders must submit the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2026 or equivalent information.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID and contact information (telephone number and/or email address) as well as the name of the shareholder’s assistant and/or the name  date of birth and contact information (telephone number and/or email address) of proxy representative  if any  must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data disclosed by the shareholders to Siili Solutions Plc  Innovatics Ltd or Inderes Oyj is only used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Upon request  shareholders  their representatives or proxy representatives must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) on business days.Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda between 12 February 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) and 30 March 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) in the following ways:Via the service available on the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2026. Shareholders can sign into the advance voting service the same way as to the online registration service referred to above in section C. 1. a) of these instructions.By email by submitting the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd at agm@innovatics.fi.Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes via the service available on the Company’s website or by email before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that it contains the above information required for registration.Proposals for resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a possible vote held at the general meeting venue also in circumstances where an alternative proposal for resolution has been made in the relevant matter. For the advance votes to be considered  the shareholder must be registered in the Company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Limited Liability Companies Act unless they participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by proxy representative.Instructions for advance voting will be available on the Company’s website at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2026.With respect to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is carried out by the account operators. The account operators may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares they represent in accordance with the relevant shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares.Holder of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  25 March 2026. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the holders of nominee-registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares by 1 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to ask their custodian bank in good time for the necessary instructions regarding temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for and participation in the General Meeting as well as advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account manager of the custodian bank shall also arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of a proxy representation. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance as described in section C. 2. of these instructions if they so wish.The proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that the proxy representative is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different book-entry accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy template will be available on the Company’s website at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2026.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Siili Solutions Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which the proxy documents must be received. In addition to submitting proxy documents  a shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.As an alternative to a traditional proxy document  a shareholder may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or a mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations. The Suomi.fi service can also be used in another way than by authorising a proxy via the authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’ alternative. For example  a CEO can register the company he/she represents for the General Meeting by using the Suomi.fi service without a separate proxy.Other instructions/informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Pursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders who are present at the General Meeting at the meeting venue have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the General Meeting  Siili Solution Plc has a total of 8 140 263 shares  which represent the same number of votes. On the date of the notice  the Company holds 31 698 treasury shares that do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting according to the Limited Liability Companies Act.Helsinki  11 February 2026SIILI SOLUTIONS PLCBoard of DirectorsDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdPrincipal mediawww.siili.comSiili Solutions in brief:Siili Solutions Plc is a forerunner in AI-powered digital development. Siili is the go-to partner for clients seeking growth  efficiency and competitive advantage through digital transformation. Our main markets are Finland  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  and Germany. Siili Solutions Plc’s shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange. Siili has grown profitably since its founding in 2005. www.siili.com/en,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Siili Solutions Plc', 'Notice', 'Siili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'consolidated financial statements Resolution', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Flik event studio', 'Henna Mäkinen', 'Sebastian Nyström', 'business travel policy', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'The General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'dividend record date', 'financial period', 'travel expenses', 'The Board', 'annual report', 'shareholders’ register', 'Finnish time', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'Further information', 'video stream', 'shareholder rights', 'chat functionality', 'following matters', 'sustainability reporting', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'Governing Bodies', 'Harry Brade', 'Jesse Maula', 'Katarina Cantell', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fee', 'Audit Committee', 'assurance report', 'advance voting', 'section C.', 'agenda item', 'A. MATTERS', 'meeting notice', 'other members', 'five (5) members', 'current members', 'other questions', 'Deputy Chair', 'Other persons', 'parent company', 'Directors’ Committees', 'Remuneration Report', 'Committee members', '8:30 a', 'February', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'Eliel', 'Sanomatalo', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'website', 'sijoittajille', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'comments', 'CEO', 'writing', 'review', 'recording', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'year', 'meeting2026', '13 March', 'use', 'profit', 'total', 'status', 'rest', 'equity', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'month', 'Chairs', 'work', 'addition', 'compensation', 'line', 'number', 'composition', '2:00', '1:30']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54956,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3235924/0/en/Sanoma-Corporation-Full-Year-2025-Result-Improved-adjusted-operating-profit-and-free-cash-flow-driven-by-Learning.html,Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2025 Result: Improved adjusted operating profit and free cash flow driven by Learning,Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2025 Result: Improved adjusted operating profit and free cash flow driven by Learning....,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  11 February 2026 at 8:30 a.m. EETSanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2025 Result: Improved adjusted operating profit and free cash flow driven by LearningThis release is a summary of Sanoma’s Full-Year 2025 Result. The complete report is attached to this release and is also available at sanoma.com/en/investors.Q4 2025Net sales amounted to EUR 225.8 million (2024: 241.5) with lower net sales in both businesses. In Learning  net sales were lower in Spain ahead of the curriculum renewal upcoming in 2026 and due to phasing between quarters. In Media Finland  the decline in advertising sales was partially offset by continued growth in digital subscription sales. The Group’s comparable net sales development was -7% (2024: -2%).Adjusted operating profit amounted to EUR -27.4 million (2024: -27.3). Earnings were relatively stable in both Learning and Media Finland.Operating profit amounted to EUR -50.9 million (2024: -46.9). Items affecting comparability (IACs) increased to EUR -15.7 million (2024: -10.6) and mainly consisted of restructuring expenses related to a number of strategic development projects across the Group. Purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs) amounted to EUR 7.8 million (2024: 9.0).Adjusted EPS was stable at EUR -0.20 (2024: -0.21).EPS was EUR -0.27 (2024: -0.26).On 25 November 2025  Sanoma updated its financial targets and aims to deliver high single-digit growth in the Group’s adjusted operating profit in 2026–2030. The Group’s leverage target was adjusted to below 2.5 from the earlier below 3.0. Sanoma also adjusted the wording of selected Alternative Performance Measures. The updated terminology is used in this report.On 5 December 2025  Sanoma signed a EUR 220 million syndicated term loan facility.FY 2025Net sales amounted to EUR 1 302.5 million (2024: 1 344.8). In Learning  growth in learning content sales partially mitigated the impact of planned discontinuation of low value distribution contracts in the Netherlands. In Media Finland  lower advertising sales were partially offset by growth in digital subscriptions. The Group’s comparable net sales development was -3% (2024: -2%)  being -3% in Learning and -4% in Media Finland.Adjusted operating profit improved to EUR 188.2 million (2024: 180.0). Earnings improved in Learning driven by the higher share of learning content sales and a more digital sales mix. In Media Finland  earnings grew slightly with the support of growing digital subscription sales and lower costs.Operating profit decreased to EUR 48.6 million (2024: 81.8). In Learning  the decision to not participate in multi-year distribution tenders in the Dutch market led to a EUR 48 million impairment. In Media Finland  impairments and restructuring expenses related to the closure of the printing plant in Tampere amounted to EUR 32 million. As a result  the Group's IACs increased to EUR -106.3 million (2024: -61.5). PPAs amounted to EUR 33.3 million (2024: 36.7).Adjusted EPS improved to EUR 0.57 (2024: 0.46).EPS was EUR 0.06 (2024: 0.19).Free cash flow improved to EUR 159.7 million (2024: 145.3). The improvement was driven by working capital movements  lower financial expenses and higher earnings.Net debt/Adj. EBITDA improved to 1.8 (2024: 2.2)  being within the updated target level of below 2.5.On 29 April 2025  the Annual General Meeting decided that a dividend of EUR 0.39 per share (2024: 0.37) shall be paid for 2024 in three equal instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 was paid on 9 May  the second instalment of EUR 0.13 on 23 September and the third instalment of EUR 0.13 on 11 November.The Board proposes a dividend of EUR 0.42 per share for the year 2025 (2024: 0.39)  corresponding to 43% of the free cash flow. The dividend will be paid in three equal instalments in May  September and November.Outlook for 2026In 2026  Sanoma expects that the Group’s net sales will be EUR 1.29‒1.34 billion (2025: 1.30) and the Group's adjusted operating profit will be EUR 205−225 million (2025: 188).The outlook is based on the following assumptions:Demand for learning content will increase  driven by curriculum renewals in some of the Group's operating markets.The advertising market in Finland will be relatively stable.President and CEO Rob Kolkman:Good progress in our key strategic focus areas for 2024–2026Board proposes an increasing dividend of EUR 0.42  up by 8% from 2024Outlook for 2026 reflects a step change in adjusted operating profit growth driven by LearningSolid net sales growth path in 2026–2030  expected to deliver high single-digit organic earnings growth – impact of potential future M&A comes on top”In 2025  we continued to make good progress in our strategic focus areas of increasing the profitability of Learning and Media Finland and deleveraging the Group's balance sheet. We also continued to build on the long-term strengths of both businesses. As a result  our adjusted operating profit increased and our free cash flow improved by 10% from the previous year. At the end of 2025  we updated our financial targets. The updated targets reflect our accelerated net sales growth path in 2026–2030  expected to deliver high single-digit organic growth in adjusted operating profit (measured annually using a 3-year CAGR) during the same period.AI is an important element in enhancing our growth. It has become an increasingly integral part of the way we work in both of our businesses  always with a strong emphasis on its responsible use and human oversight. Across Learning  we see great opportunities for AI to enhance the way we support teachers  students and parents through increasingly personalised learning pathways and resources. A recent example of this is our AI Teacher Assistant that saves teachers’ time by offering support in exercise creation  lesson planning and grading  and that will be rolled out across our operating markets in 2026. In Media Finland  we use AI to increase the depth and breadth of our unique content and introduce smarter  intuitive  interactive  and more personalised products. In news media  we have built our capability to produce a high‑quality stream of basic news in‑house. This enables us to direct more resources to journalism that best serves our readers.Learning’s adjusted operating profit and margin improved  while net sales declined due to the planned discontinuation of low-value distribution contracts in the Netherlands. In a year with no major curriculum renewals  our total learning content sales increased slightly driven by new product launches and market share gains in the Dutch market. Earnings were further supported by a more digital sales mix and improved cost base from Program Solar  which is now successfully completed and creating significant operating leverage. Together with our increased scale and growth outlook  Learning’s adjusted operating profit margin is expected to improve to clearly above 23% in 2026.In Media Finland  growth in digital subscription sales continued throughout the year. It was driven by Ruutu+  with its attractive entertainment and sports content  while digital news media subscriptions also developed well. Impacted by a soft market and ending the reselling of a third-party TV channel advertising  our advertising sales decreased. With continued effective cost containment  Media Finland's adjusted operating profit and margin improved.The deleveraging of our balance sheet continued in 2025. Our net debt decreased and leverage (net debt / adj. EBITDA) improved to 1.8 (2024: 2.2)  being well within the updated target of < 2.5. We also refinanced a key part of our external loan portfolio in December and prolonged the average maturity of our external loans.The Board proposes a dividend of EUR 0.42 per share (2024: 0.39)  corresponding to 43% of the 2025 free cash flow. This proposal reflects our ability to deliver increasing free cash flow and balances the capital use between the dividend  which continues to be an important part of our equity story  continued deleveraging of the balance sheet and investing in future growth. We remain committed to paying an increasing dividend  equal to 40–60% of our annual free cash flow. From 2026 onwards  we are amending the definition of free cash flow to include payments of lease liabilities. This change will enable free cash flow to better reflect the amount of cash available for profit distribution. The Board makes its dividend proposal in euros per share. The updated free cash flow definition does not change this consideration; however  it will be reflected as a higher payout ratio. With the updated free cash flow definition  the payout ratio of the dividend for 2025 is 53%.We have a unique sustainability profile as learning and media have a positive impact on the lives of millions of people every day. To support the purpose of our businesses  we have set ambitious targets for sustainability aspects in which we have the biggest impact  and we performed well against these targets in 2025. We have enhanced our employee engagement measurement with standardised  benchmark-enabled questions  establishing a new baseline for future comparison and strengthening the quality of insight. Our engagement score of 62% is close to the European benchmark of 65%. Our climate work was awarded by a status on the CDP Climate A list in December 2025 as the only learning company globally. This recognition by CDP honours our ambitious climate targets as well as robust actions and climate risk management.Our Outlook for 2026 indicates a significantly improving adjusted operating profit compared to 2025. We expect the demand for learning content to increase  driven by curriculum renewals in some of our operating markets  and the adjusted operating profit to grow strongly  with the corresponding margin improving to clearly above 23% as indicated earlier. In Media Finland  we expect the digital transformation to continue  with relatively stable net sales and adjusted operating profit.Looking ahead  the accelerated growth outlook of both Learning and Media Finland is expected to deliver high single-digit organic growth in adjusted operating profit (measured annually using a 3-year CAGR) for the Group in the coming years. In Learning  we have multiple levers to drive growth and value-creation: continued organic growth with our best-in-class learning content  opportunities in shaping the evolution of K12 education towards personalised learning  embracing AI  and value-creating and strategically focused M&A. In Media Finland  we are continuing and accelerating our successful digital transformation. In addition  growth in high margin advertising sales is expected following the opening of the gambling market mid-2027.I would like to extend my warmest thanks to all Sanoma employees for their excellent work in delivering these good results  and for their strong commitment and passion in supporting our customers. We are in a great position to leverage the exciting growth opportunities across our business  deliver increasing adjusted operating profit and free cash flow and create value for all our stakeholders. I am looking forward to a successful 2026.”Key indicatorsEUR million Q4 2025 Q4 2024 Change FY 2025 FY 2024 Change Net sales 225.8 241.5 -6% 1 302.5 1 344.8 -3% Adjusted EBITDA 1) 21.5 23.5 -8% 366.1 360.8 1% Margin 1) 9.5% 9.7% 28.1% 26.8% Adjusted operating profit 2) -27.4 -27.3 0% 188.2 180.0 5% Margin 2) -12.1% -11.3% 14.4% 13.4% Operating profit -50.9 -46.9 -9% 48.6 81.8 -41% Result for the period -42.3 -40.3 -5% 19.9 40.6 -51% Free cash flow 73.4 68.6 7% 159.7 145.3 10% Equity ratio 3) 47.1% 45.0% Net debt 486.1 568.5 -15% Net debt / Adj. EBITDA 4) 1.8 2.2 -17% Adjusted EPS  EUR 1) -0.20 -0.21 7% 0.57 0.46 22% EPS  EUR -0.27 -0.26 -5% 0.06 0.19 -67% Free cash flow per share  EUR 0.45 0.42 7% 0.98 0.89 10% Dividend per share 5) 0.42 0.39 Average number of employees (FTE) 4 645 4 820 -4% Number of employees at the end of the period (FTE) 4 554 4 648 -2%1) Excluding IACs2) Excluding IACs and purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs)3) Advances received included in the formula of equity ratio were EUR 178.5 million in FY 2025 (2024: 162.5).4) The adjusted EBITDA used in this ratio is the12-month rolling adjusted EBITDA  where acquired operations are included and divested operations excluded  and where programming rights and prepublication rights have been raised above EBITDA on the basis of cash flow.5) 2025 is a proposal of the Board of Directors to the AGM.The IFRS-based subtotal EBIT has been changed to operating profit with no change in the definition.Dividend proposalOn 31 December 2025  Sanoma Corporation’s distributable funds were EUR 309 million  of which profit for the year made up EUR 36 million. Including the fund for non-restricted equity of EUR 210 million  the distributable funds amounted to EUR 519 million.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.42 per share shall be paid for the year 2025 in three equal instalments:The first instalment of EUR 0.14 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 11 May 2026. The payment date for this instalment is 19 May 2026.The second instalment of EUR 0.14 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 15 September 2026. The payment date for this instalment is 22 September 2026.The third instalment of EUR 0.14 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 3 November 2026. The payment date for this instalment is 10 November 2026.The amount left in equity shall be EUR 450 million.According to its dividend policy  Sanoma aims to pay an increasing dividend  equal to 40–60% of the annual free cash flow. When proposing a dividend to the AGM  the Board of Directors looks at the general macro-economic environment  Sanoma’s current and target capital structure  Sanoma’s future business plans and investment needs  as well as both the previous year’s cash flows and expected future cash flows affecting capital structure.Analyst and investor conferenceAn analyst and investor conference will be held in English by the President and CEO Rob Kolkman and CFO Alex Green today at 11:00 a.m. EET at Sanomatalo  Flik Studio Eliel  1st floor  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki.The conference can be followed as a live webcast at https://sanoma.events.inderes.com/q4-2025.Management presentation is followed by a Q&A session. Questions can be placed through the webcast chat function or by phone. To ask questions by phone  the participant is required to register at https://events.inderes.com/sanoma/q4-2025/dial-in. After the registration you will receive the phone number and conference ID to access the conference. If you wish to ask a question  please press *5 on your telephone keypad to enter the queue.An on-demand replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conference at www.sanoma.com/en/investors.Interview opportunities for media by Teams or by phone are available after the conference. Media representatives are asked to book interviews via email at ir@sanoma.com.Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Across Europe  we support teachers and students with best-in-class learning content and solutions to help all students reach their potential. We combine pedagogical expertise with quality content and innovative educational technologies to help shape the future of K12 education.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.We have a clear organic growth pathway in K12 education and aim to accelerate growth through value-creating M&A. Across our business  we are responsibly harnessing the opportunities of AI  always emphasising human oversight. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Today  we operate across Europe and employ close to 5 000 professionals. In 2025  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our adjusted operating profit margin was 14.4%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Sanoma Corporation', 'operating profit', 'free cash', 'Learning', 'EUR 220 million syndicated term loan facility', 'Solid net sales growth path', 'high single-digit organic earnings growth', 'Purchase price allocation adjustments', 'low value distribution contracts', 'potential future M&A', 'key strategic focus areas', 'comparable net sales development', 'growing digital subscription sales', 'high single-digit growth', 'strategic development projects', 'multi-year distribution tenders', 'adjusted operating profit growth', 'EUR 48 million impairment', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'working capital movements', 'Net debt/Adj. EBITDA', 'Annual General Meeting', 'three equal instalments', 'CEO Rob Kolkman', 'digital sales mix', 'lower net sales', 'Free cash flow', 'lower advertising sales', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'lower financial expenses', 'learning content sales', 'continued growth', 'digital subscriptions', 'lower costs', 'financial targets', 'restructuring expenses', 'advertising market', 'operating markets', 'curriculum renewal', 'leverage target', 'updated terminology', 'Dutch market', 'printing plant', 'higher earnings', 'target level', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'following assumptions', 'Good progress', 'step change', 'balance sheet', 'long-term strengths', 'Media Finland', 'Full-Year 2025 Result', 'complete report', 'Adjusted EPS', 'The Board', 'previous year', 'higher share', 'The Group', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'increasing dividend', '8:30 a', 'February', 'summary', 'investors', 'Q4', 'businesses', 'Spain', 'quarters', 'decline', 'Items', 'comparability', 'IACs', 'number', 'amortisations', 'PPAs', '25 November', 'wording', '5 December', 'FY', 'impact', 'discontinuation', 'Netherlands', 'support', 'decision', 'impairments', 'closure', 'Tampere', 'improvement', '29 April', '9 May', '23 September', '11 November', 'Outlook', 'Demand', 'President', 'top', 'profitability', '2024']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54957,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2026/02/12/roundup-europe039s-financial-sector-seeking-independence-amid-geopolitical-uncertainties,Roundup: Europe's financial sector seeking independence amid geopolitical uncertainties,FRANKFURT  Feb. 11 (Xinhua) -- Europe's financial sector is seeking to reduce its dependence on the United States while accelerating digital transformation amid global uncertainties  policymakers and industry leaders said on Wednesday in Germany's financial h…,"FRANKFURT  Feb. 11 (Xinhua) -- Europe's financial sector is seeking to reduce its dependence on the United States while accelerating digital transformation amid global uncertainties  policymakers and industry leaders said on Wednesday in Germany's financial hub Frankfurt.They made the remarks at the Frankfurt Digital Finance Conference 2026  which aims to accelerate innovation and advance the digital transformation of Europe's financial industry. The event  scheduled for Feb. 11-12  brought together around 1500 decision-makers from Europe.In an era defined by power politics and technological transformation  Europe must reduce its dependence on the United States and can no longer afford to act only as a customer  just like in technology  defense and energy  Thomas Book  member of the Executive Board of Deutsche Boerse Group  said in his speech.""It requires action for decisions on the European level  to realize the potential of our capital market  to serve the economy and the investors "" Book stressed.Echoing Book's comments  Joachim Wuermeling  former member of the Executive Board of the Deutsche Bundesbank  told Xinhua that recent developments involving Greenland and Colombia have highlighted growing unpredictability in U.S. policy  making the issue of reducing dependence on Washington a central topic at the conference.Wuermeling added that U.S. dollar-backed stablecoins are privately issued currencies that circulate globally via public blockchains. Their widespread adoption reinforces the dominance of the U.S. dollar and creates structural dependencies for users and financial systems worldwide.For that reason  the expansion of U.S. stablecoins is not merely a financial development but a major geopolitical issue  Wuermeling said.Digital transformation is also a buzzword at the conference.Noting that tokenization  blockchain  and artificial intelligence (AI) are shaping the latest phase of capital market digitalisation in Europe  Daniel Maier  CEO of the financial advisory company Chartered Investment Germany  shared with Xinhua his belief that international cooperation in technology can bring about benefits.""I believe that China and its AI technologies are now leading the way "" Maier said  adding that these advances could transform financial markets and asset management by improving decision-making and enhancing product monitoring.According to the attendees  emerging financial technologies and instruments are evolving rapidly  but they must operate within a proper regulatory framework. Therefore  balancing innovation with effective oversight was also a key topic.Christoph Pliessnig  founder of Cyprus-registered digital asset firm Teroxx  described Europe as a regulatory frontrunner  but confirmed the existence of challenges  particularly as market demands in a very dynamic environment continue to evolve and firms require regulatory approvals to expand their services.""Attending the event gives me a feeling for how regulators and other industry leaders move "" Pliessnig said.",neutral,0.01,0.72,0.27,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['financial sector', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'Roundup', 'Europe', 'independence', 'U.S. dollar-backed stablecoins', 'Cyprus-registered digital asset firm', 'Frankfurt Digital Finance Conference', 'U.S. stablecoins', 'U.S. policy', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'proper regulatory framework', 'financial advisory company', 'major geopolitical issue', 'Chartered Investment Germany', 'capital market digitalisation', 'other industry leaders', 'emerging financial technologies', 'asset management', 'digital transformation', 'financial industry', 'Deutsche Bundesbank', 'regulatory frontrunner', 'market demands', 'regulatory approvals', 'financial sector', 'financial hub', 'financial systems', 'financial development', 'financial markets', 'United States', 'global uncertainties', 'power politics', 'technological transformation', 'Executive Board', 'European level', 'recent developments', 'growing unpredictability', 'central topic', 'public blockchains', 'widespread adoption', 'structural dependencies', 'artificial intelligence', 'latest phase', 'international cooperation', 'AI technologies', 'product monitoring', 'effective oversight', 'key topic', 'dynamic environment', 'former member', 'Daniel Maier', 'Christoph Pliessnig', 'Thomas Book', 'Joachim Wuermeling', 'Xinhua', 'dependence', 'policymakers', 'Wednesday', 'remarks', 'innovation', 'event', 'Feb.', '1500 decision-makers', 'customer', 'technology', 'defense', 'energy', 'speech', 'action', 'decisions', 'potential', 'economy', 'investors', 'comments', 'Greenland', 'Colombia', 'Washington', 'currencies', 'dominance', 'users', 'reason', 'expansion', 'buzzword', 'tokenization', 'CEO', 'belief', 'benefits', 'China', 'way', 'advances', 'decision-making', 'attendees', 'instruments', 'founder', 'Teroxx', 'existence', 'challenges', 'firms', 'services', 'feeling', 'regulators']",2026-02-12,2026-02-12,thestar.com.my
54958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.insurancejournal.com/news/international/2026/02/11/857714.htm,Portuguese Insurer Fidelidade Said to Be Worth at Least €3 Billion in Revived IPO,Fidelidade-Companhia de Seguros SA  the Portuguese insurer controlled by Chinese conglomerate Fosun International Ltd.  is carrying out preliminary work toward a potential listing in Lisbon that could value the company at more than €3 billion  according to pe…,Fidelidade-Companhia de Seguros SA  the Portuguese insurer controlled by Chinese conglomerate Fosun International Ltd.  is carrying out preliminary work toward a potential listing in Lisbon that could value the company at more than €3 billion  according to people familiar with the matter.Portugal’s largest insurance company has in recent weeks held discussions with banks and potential investors about a possible initial public offering  the people said  asking not to be identified because the information is private. Fidelidade has yet to appoint financial advisers  they said  with a view to listing early next year.Discussions are in the early stages and may not result in a share sale  according to the people. A representative for Fidelidade declined to comment on the listing plans and valuation. Fosun didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment sent to its press office email.Fosun  whose businesses span tourism  pharmaceuticals and finance  paid €1 billion in 2014 for 80% of Fidelidade and now owns about 85% of the insurer. Portugal’s state-owned Caixa Geral de Depósitos SA holds the remaining 15%. In November  Fidelidade Chief Executive Officer Rogério Campos Henriques told newspaper Jornal de Negocios that the company’s valuation could be “significantly higher” than €3 billion ($3.6 billion).Fidelidade had initially targeted an IPO in 2025  a plan announced nearly two years ago that included first listing its hospital operator Luz Saúde SA. The timeline was pushed back after Fidelidade shelved the Luz Saúde offering and instead sold a minority stake in the business to Sydney-based Macquarie Group Ltd. last year for about €310 million.A listing would provide a rare boost for Euronext Lisbon  which has seen limited IPO activity in recent years amid subdued capital markets and a broader scarcity of large-scale share sales in southern Europe. Portugal’s stock exchange has struggled to attract new issuers  with several companies opting for private capital or foreign markets instead.Lisbon’s main PSI Index has just 16 companies  one of the smallest benchmarks in Western Europe. Lisbon hasn’t had a major listing since 2021 and Euronext NV  the owner of bourses including the Portuguese stock exchange  went last year without a significant IPO.This week  Fidelidade raised fresh funding through a bond sale led by BNP Paribas SA  CaixaBI  Deutsche Bank AG  JP Morgan Chase & Co. and Societe Generale SA  while also launching an offer to buy back debt due in 2031.Photograph: The Portuguese flag is seen with the Augusta street arch in the background as people walk through the the stores and esplanades in downtown Lisbon on July 30  2018. Photo credit: Patricia de Melo Moreira/AFP/Getty ImagesCopyright 2026 Bloomberg.Topics Carriers,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Portuguese Insurer Fidelidade', 'IPO', 'Caixa Geral de Depósitos SA', 'hospital operator Luz Saúde SA', 'Chinese conglomerate Fosun International Ltd.', 'Luz Saúde offering', 'Fidelidade-Companhia de Seguros SA', 'newspaper Jornal de Negocios', 'Patricia de Melo Moreira', 'Sydney-based Macquarie Group Ltd.', 'possible initial public offering', 'Rogério Campos Henriques', 'Fidelidade Chief Executive Officer', 'BNP Paribas SA', 'Societe Generale SA', 'press office email', 'main PSI Index', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'JP Morgan Chase', 'Augusta street arch', 'large-scale share sales', 'largest insurance company', 'Portuguese stock exchange', 'Portuguese flag', 'preliminary work', 'recent weeks', 'potential investors', 'financial advisers', 'early stages', 'minority stake', 'rare boost', 'recent years', 'capital markets', 'broader scarcity', 'southern Europe', 'new issuers', 'private capital', 'foreign markets', 'smallest benchmarks', 'Western Europe', 'Euronext NV', 'fresh funding', 'bond sale', 'Photo credit', 'AFP/Getty Images', 'Topics Carriers', 'Portuguese insurer', 'potential listing', 'listing plans', 'first listing', 'major listing', 'IPO activity', 'significant IPO', 'several companies', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'downtown Lisbon', '16 companies', 'people', 'matter', 'Portugal', 'discussions', 'banks', 'information', 'view', 'representative', 'valuation', 'request', 'comment', 'businesses', 'tourism', 'pharmaceuticals', 'finance', 'state', 'November', 'timeline', 'subdued', 'owner', 'bourses', 'CaixaBI', 'Co.', 'debt', 'Photograph', 'background', 'stores', 'esplanades', 'July', 'Copyright', 'Bloomberg']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,insurancejournal.com
54959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236525/0/en/NEURONES-5-1-organic-growth-in-2025.html,NEURONES: 5.1% organic growth in 2025,PRESS INFORMATIONHeading: 2025 annual revenues        Nanterre  February 11  2026 (after trading)  5.1% organic growth in 2025 (being audited  in €...,PRESS INFORMATIONHeading: 2025 annual revenues Nanterre  February 11  2026 (after trading)5.1% organic growth in 2025(being audited  in € millions) 2024 2025 Growth of which organic 4rd quarter revenues 211.3 225 + 6.5% + 6.2% Annual revenues 810.4 857.2 + 5.8% + 5.1%AchievementsNEURONES closes the financial year with annual revenue of €857.2 million  exceeding its expectations.Growth is driven by digital and data projects (double-digit growth)  while AI-related activities confirm a promising upward trend.With its decentralized and responsive structure  the group took advantage of an environment that became more favorable at the end of the year.Operating profit thus improved significantly  rising from 7.8% (in H1) to 9.8%* (in H2). For the full year  it stood at 8.8%*  exceeding the latest estimates.To support this momentum  the average workforce grew by 280 people in 2025.The full final annual results will be published on Wednesday  March 11  2026  after the stock exchange closes.OutlookIn a market that is expected to be more buoyant  forecasts for the current year will be announced  as usual  along with the Group's Q1 revenues.* being audited.About NEURONESWith close to 7 300 experts  and ranking among the French leaders in consulting and digital services  NEURONES helps large companies and organizations implement their digital projects  transform their IT infrastructures and adopt AI and new uses.Euronext Paris (compartment A - NRO) – Euronext Tech Leaders – DSS – PEA-PME eligiblewww.neurones.netPress Relations:O'ConnectionJulia Philippe-BrutinTel.: +33 (0)6 03 63 06 03jpbrutin@oconnection.frNEURONESMatthieu VautierTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37rp@neurones.netInvestor Relations:NEURONESPaul-César BonnelTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37investisseurs@neurones.netAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['5.1% organic growth', 'NEURONES', '2025', 'organic 4rd quarter revenues', 'full final annual results', 'promising upward trend', 'Paul-César Bonnel', 'PRESS INFORMATION Heading', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', '2025 annual revenues', '6.2% Annual revenues', 'full year', '5.1% organic growth', 'Q1 revenues', 'French leaders', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press Relations', 'data projects', 'AI-related activities', 'responsive structure', 'Operating profit', 'latest estimates', 'average workforce', 'stock exchange', 'large companies', 'IT infrastructures', 'new uses', 'compartment A', ""O'Connection"", 'Julia Philippe-Brutin', 'Matthieu Vautier', 'Investor Relations', 'financial year', 'current year', 'digital services', 'digital projects', 'double-digit growth', 'Nanterre', 'February', 'trading', 'millions', 'Achievements', 'NEURONES', 'expectations', 'decentralized', 'group', 'advantage', 'environment', 'momentum', '280 people', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'Outlook', 'market', 'forecasts', 'close', '7,300 experts', 'consulting', 'organizations', 'NRO', 'DSS', 'PEA-PME', 'Tel.', 'jpbrutin', 'oconnection', 'investisseurs', 'Attachment', '7.', '9.']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236597/0/en/Landsbankinn-hf-Issuance-of-AT1-securities-in-Icelandic-kr%C3%B3na.html,Landsbankinn hf.: Issuance of AT1 securities in Icelandic króna,Today  Landsbankinn concluded an auction of Additional Tier 1 (AT1) securities.  On offer was a new non-indexed series in ISK  LBANK AT1 PNC31. The...,Today  Landsbankinn concluded an auction of Additional Tier 1 (AT1) securities.On offer was a new non-indexed series in ISK  LBANK AT1 PNC31. The securities have no fixed maturity date but have a call option date after 5.5 years. The securities carry a fixed interest of 10.00% payable semi-annually corresponding to an annual yield of 10.25%.A total of 54 bids for ISK 89.32 billion were received from professional domestic investors and bids in the amount of ISK 16 billion were accepted in the auction.Lilja B. Einarsdottir  CEO: “Landsbankinn launched an AT1 securities issuance in Icelandic króna  following a successful similar issuance in US dollars last year  with the aim of broadening the Bank’s funding sources domestically. It is great to see the active engagement of investors  demonstrating their confidence in Landsbankinn as an investment opportunity.”The expected credit rating of the AT1 securities is BB from S&P Global Ratings. The aim is to list the securities on Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Dublin on 18 February 2026.Morgan Stanley acted as arranger of the issuance and Landsbankinn Capital Markets managed the auction.This announcement is released by Landsbankinn hf. and contains information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (MAR).For the purposes of MAR and Article 2 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055  this announcement is made by Hreiðar Bjarnason  Chief Financial Officer for Landsbankinn hf.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Icelandic króna', 'Landsbankinn hf', 'AT1 securities', 'Issuance', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'Additional Tier 1 (AT1) securities', 'LBANK AT1 PNC31', 'call option date', 'Lilja B. Einarsdottir', 'Icelandic króna', 'expected credit rating', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Implementing Regulation', 'Hreiðar Bjarnason', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'fixed maturity date', 'successful similar issuance', 'professional domestic investors', 'Landsbankinn Capital Markets', 'AT1 securities issuance', 'fixed interest', 'indexed series', 'annual yield', 'US dollars', 'funding sources', 'active engagement', 'investment opportunity', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Landsbankinn hf.', 'inside information', 'auction', 'offer', 'new', 'ISK', '5.5 years', 'total', '54 bids', 'amount', 'CEO', 'aim', 'confidence', 'BB', '18 February', 'arranger', 'announcement', 'purposes', 'Article']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236608/0/en/LECTRA-Q4-and-Full-Year-2025-financial-report-available.html,LECTRA: Q4 and Full Year 2025 financial report available,Q4 and Full Year 2025 financial report available  Paris  February 11  2026 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with article 221-4-IV of the...,Q4 and Full Year 2025 financial report availableParis  February 11  2026 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with article 221-4-IV of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers  that the Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations for the fourth quarter and the full year 2025 is available on the company's website: www.lectra.comIt is also available  upon request  at the company's headquarters 16-18 rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris (email: investor.relations@lectra.com)About LectraAt the forefront of innovation since its founding in 1973  Lectra provides industrial intelligence technology solutions - combining software in SaaS mode  cutting equipment  data  and associated services - to players in the fashion  automotive and furniture industries. Lectra accelerates the transformation and success of its customers in a world in perpetual motion thanks to the key technologies of Industry 4.0: AI  big data  cloud and the Internet of Things. The Group is present in more than one hundred countries. The production sites for its cutting equipment are located in France  China and the United States. Lectra's 2 800 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. They all share the same concern for social responsibility  which is one of the pillars of Lectra's strategy to ensure its sustainable growth and that of its customers. Lectra reported revenues of €507 million in 2025  including €89 million in SaaS revenues. The Company is listed on Euronext  and is included in the CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information  visit lectra.com .Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with share capital of €38 063 263. RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Full Year 2025 financial report', 'LECTRA', 'Q4', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'industrial intelligence technology solutions', 'Full Year 2025 financial report', 'one hundred countries', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'ENT PEA-PME 150 indices', 'CAC All Shares', '16-18 rue Chalgrin', 'RCS Paris B', 'CAC Technology', 'Financial Conditions', 'General Regulation', 'Management Discussion', 'fourth quarter', 'SaaS mode', 'associated services', 'furniture industries', 'perpetual motion', 'key technologies', 'The Group', 'production sites', 'United States', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', 'same concern', 'social responsibility', 'sustainable growth', 'share capital', 'big data', 'cutting equipment', 'SaaS revenues', 'World Headquarters', '75016 Paris', 'Q4', 'Lectra', 'shareholders', 'compliance', 'article', 'IV', 'Analysis', 'Results', 'Operations', 'company', 'website', 'request', 'email', 'investor', 'relations', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'founding', 'software', 'players', 'fashion', 'transformation', 'success', 'customers', 'Industry 4.0', 'cloud', 'Internet', 'Things', 'France', 'China', '2,800 employees', 'open', 'pillars', 'strategy', 'Euronext', 'information', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236580/0/en/Iveco-Group-Calls-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-for-the-Defence-Business-transaction.html,Iveco Group Calls the Extraordinary General Meeting for the Defence Business transaction,ADVERTISEMENT. This announcement is an advertisement for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) relating to the intention of Iveco Group N.V. (“Iveco Group”) and IDV Group N.V. (“IDV Group”) to proceed with the Dut…,ADVERTISEMENT. This announcement is an advertisement for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) relating to the intention of Iveco Group N.V. (“Iveco Group”) and IDV Group N.V. (“IDV Group”) to proceed with the Dutch law demerger of Iveco Group with transfer of the Defence Business to IDV Group (the “Demerger”) and subsequent admission to listing and trading of all of the common shares of IDV Group on the regulated market of Euronext Milan (the “Admission”). This announcement does not constitute or form part of a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Further  this document is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. No offering of securities shall be made in the United States except pursuant to a registration under the US Securities Act of 1933  or an exemption therefrom. This announcement is for information purposes only and is not intended to constitute  and should not be construed as  an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or subscribe for shares in any jurisdiction  including the United Kingdom  the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. The information contained in this announcement does not purport to be full or complete and no reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. If and when the Demerger and subsequent Admission is pursued  further details about IDV Group  the Demerger and the Admission will be included in an appropriate prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation the “Prospectus”). Once the Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten  the “AFM”)  the Prospectus will be published and made available at no cost through the corporate website of IDV Group  subject to securities law restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Potential investors should read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Shares. The approval of the Prospectus by the AFM should not be understood as an endorsement of the quality of the shares of IDV Group or Iveco Group.Iveco Group Calls the Extraordinary General Meeting for the Defence Business transactionTurin  11th February 2026 - As per its overall corporate calendar made public on 23rd January 2026  Iveco Group N.V. (EXM: IVG) announces that an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders will be held in Amsterdam on 25th March 2026  at 10:00 AM CET (the “EGM”).The EGM will be asked to approve that the Board of Directors  subject to completion of the sale of the Defence Business to Leonardo S.p.A. (EXM: LDO) (the “Sale Transaction”)  resolve upon the extraordinary interim dividend distribution of the net proceeds of the Sale Transaction (the “Interim Dividend Distribution”). The estimated extraordinary dividend is expected at € 5.5-6.0 per common share. Payment is currently anticipated in April 2026 after contractual closing adjustments are finalised  in line with the standard ex-dividend date of 20th April on the Italian Stock Exchange calendar.As a precautionary measure  in case the Sale Transaction is expected not to be completed by 31st March 2026  the EGM will be asked to vote on the statutory demerger of Iveco Group  which would transfer the Defence Business into IDV Group N.V. (“IDV Group”)  a company newly incorporated under Dutch law (the “Demerger”). The common and special voting shares of IDV Group would be proportionally allotted to Iveco Group shareholders existing at the time of the Demerger  with common shares listed and traded on Euronext Milan (“Admission”).The Board of Directors reserves the right to remove the discussion of the Interim Dividend Distribution from the agenda of the EGM in case it becomes evident prior to the EGM that the Sale Transaction will not be completed ultimately on 31st March 2026. On the other hand  the Board of Directors reserves the right to remove the discussion of the Demerger in case it becomes evident prior to the EGM that the Sale Transaction has been completed or will be completed.The Notice of the EGM  its Agenda and Explanatory Notes  the Demerger Proposal between Iveco Group and IDV Group and the explanatory notes to the Demerger Proposal  the Shareholders’ Circular  the instructions for voting  and other EGM materials were also published today and are available on the Company’s website at www.ivecogroup.com.DISCLAIMER This announcement is not intended for distribution in jurisdictions that require prior regulatory review and authorization to distribute an announcement of this nature. The release  publication or distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons in such jurisdictions into which they are released  published or distributed  should inform themselves about  and observe  such restrictions.This announcement may include statements  including with respect to Iveco Group’s and IDV Group’s financial condition  results of operations  business  strategy  plans and outlook  including the impact of certain transactions These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes”  “estimates”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “targets”  “may”  “will” or “should” or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect Iveco Group’s and IDV Group’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Iveco Group’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth or strategies and those of IDV Group. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made.Iveco Group N.V. (EXM: IVG) is the home of unique people and brands that power your business and mission to advance a more sustainable society. The seven brands are each a major force in its specific business: IVECO  a pioneering commercial vehicles brand that designs  manufactures  and markets heavy  medium  and light-duty trucks; FPT Industrial  a global leader in a vast array of advanced powertrain technologies in the agriculture  construction  marine  power generation  and commercial vehicles sectors; IVECO BUS and HEULIEZ  mass-transit and premium bus and coach brands; IDV  for highly specialised defence and civil protection equipment; ASTRA  a leader in large-scale heavy-duty quarry and construction vehicles; and IVECO CAPITAL  the financing arm which supports them all. Iveco Group employs 36 000 people around the world and has 19 industrial sites and 30 R&D centres. Further information is available on the Company’s website www.ivecogroup.comMedia Contacts:Francesco Polsinelli  Tel: +39 335 1776091Fabio Lepore  Tel: +39 335 7469007E-mail: mediarelations@ivecogroup.comInvestor Relations:Federico Donati  Tel: +39 011 0073539E-mail: investor.relations@ivecogroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['Defence Business transaction', 'Iveco Group', 'General Meeting', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Leonardo S.p.A.', 'Italian Stock Exchange calendar', 'Iveco Group N.V.', 'IDV Group N.V.', 'extraordinary interim dividend distribution', 'overall corporate calendar', 'contractual closing adjustments', 'standard ex-dividend date', 'prior regulatory review', 'US Securities Act', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Iveco Group shareholders', 'other EGM materials', 'special voting shares', 'Defence Business transaction', 'Dutch law demerger', 'securities law restrictions', 'extraordinary dividend', 'other hand', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Milan', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'Netherlands Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'corporate website', 'Potential investors', 'potential risks', '11th February', '23rd January', '25th March', 'net proceeds', 'precautionary measure', '31st March', 'Explanatory Notes', 'Shareholders’ Circular', 'Sale Transaction', 'common share', 'investment decision', '20th April', 'statutory demerger', 'Demerger Proposal', 'subsequent admission', 'appropriate prospectus', 'The EGM', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'information purposes', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'announcement', 'intention', 'transfer', 'listing', 'trading', 'part', 'meaning', 'document', 'offer', 'registration', 'exemption', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'reliance', 'person', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'completeness', 'details', 'AFM', 'cost', 'order', 'rewards', 'approval', 'endorsement', 'quality', 'Turin', 'EXM', 'IVG', 'Amsterdam', '10:00 AM', 'Board', 'Directors', 'completion', 'LDO', 'Payment', 'line', 'case', 'company', 'time', 'right', 'discussion', 'agenda', 'Notice', 'instructions', 'ivecogroup', 'DISCLAIMER', 'authorization', 'nature', 'release', 'publication', 'statements']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3235908/0/en/Medidata-Delivers-a-Decade-of-AI-Leadership-to-500-Clinical-Studies-and-Growing.html,Medidata Delivers a Decade of AI Leadership to 500+ Clinical Studies and Growing,Powered by Medidata’s AI technologies  complex clinical data is transformed  delivering significantly faster study build and shorter trial timelines Powered by Medidata’s AI technologies  complex clinical data is transformed  delivering significantly faster s…,NEW YORK  Feb. 11  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Medidata   a Dassault Systèmes brand and leading provider of clinical trial solutions to the life sciences industry  continues to accelerate clinical trial success for biopharmaceutical and medtech customers through enhanced AI-powered capabilities. Its AI technology has been scaled across the Medidata Platform   benefiting over 500 clinical studies in the last decade  including more than 120 AI-supported studies starting in 2025.Building on its established AI foundation  Medidata continues to seamlessly weave intelligence into more solutions across its unified platform. The latest advancements include significant enhancements to Medidata Designer with the introduction of Medidata AI Study Build. The new capability accelerates study builds by leveraging the study protocol and generative AI to configure Medidata Rave EDC and Medidata eCOA systems  drastically reducing the time required to move from protocol to start-up. This delivers faster study build times  dramatically speeding time-to-market for sponsors and critical decision-making for CROs.“Leveraging our large clinical data set from more than 38 000 trials  Medidata's AI is redefining clinical trials  with its impact now evolving from pervasive embedding to quantifiable outcomes ” said Lisa Moneymaker   chief strategy officer  Medidata. “By prioritizing clinically-fluent  regulatory-grade AI to drive results across the trial lifecycle  we are helping our customers turn complexity into clarity and data into decisive action. Our foundational AI engine delivers platform capabilities that allow development teams to focus on resources for advancing patient care.”A Media Snippet accompanying this announcement is available by clicking on this link.To deliver truly intelligent automation  Medidata is accelerating the expansion of Dot  its core AI orchestrator that coordinates and connects the actions of domain specific AI Companions across the platform. The visual presence of Dot enables customers to instantly recognize and access the power of AI built into every step of the clinical trial process. This clear visibility accelerates the use of AI to advance new therapies to patients faster.“As the life sciences industry increasingly moves toward embedded  enterprise AI solutions  Medidata's AI Study Build has the potential to transform complex database build processes and accelerate market access  while Dot ensures transparency and builds trust in the use of AI ” said Dr. Nimita Limaye  Research VP  Life Sciences R&D Strategy & Technology  at IDC.To learn more about Medidata’s AI capabilities  click here .About MedidataMedidata is powering smarter treatments and healthier people through digital solutions to support clinical trials. Celebrating 25 years of ground-breaking technological innovation across more than 37 000 trials and 11 million patients  Medidata offers industry-leading expertise  analytics-powered insights  and one of the largest clinical trial data sets in the industry. More than 1 million registered users across approximately 2 300 customers trust Medidata’s seamless  end-to-end platform to improve patient experiences  accelerate clinical breakthroughs  and bring therapies to market faster. A Dassault Systèmes brand (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  Medidata is headquartered in New York City and has been recognized as a Leader by Everest Group and IDC. Discover more at www.medidata.com. Listen to our latest podcast  from Dreamers to Disruptors  and follow us at @Medidata.About Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  370 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit: www.3ds.com.Contact:For interviews and questions  please contact Medidata PRMedidata.PR@3ds.comAnalyst RelationsMedidata.AR@3ds.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['500+ Clinical Studies', 'AI Leadership', 'Medidata', 'Decade', 'Growing', 'Life Sciences R&D Strategy', 'A Dassault Systèmes brand', 'largest clinical trial data sets', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'complex database build processes', 'faster study build times', 'domain specific AI Companions', 'large clinical data set', 'embedded, enterprise AI solutions', 'Medidata AI Study Build', 'chief strategy officer', 'A Media Snippet', 'life sciences industry', 'clinical trial success', 'clinical trial process', 'Dr. Nimita Limaye', 'ground-breaking technological innovation', 'clinical trial solutions', '1 million registered users', 'foundational AI engine', 'core AI orchestrator', 'enhanced AI-powered capabilities', 'New York City', 'Medidata Rave EDC', 'Medidata eCOA systems', 'real life', 'trial lifecycle', 'study builds', '500 clinical studies', 'clinical breakthroughs', 'AI capabilities', 'platform capabilities', 'study protocol', 'digital solutions', 'clinical trials', 'AI foundation', 'generative AI', 'unified platform', 'end platform', 'new capability', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'leading provider', 'last decade', '120 AI-supported studies', 'latest advancements', 'significant enhancements', 'critical decision-making', 'pervasive embedding', 'quantifiable outcomes', 'Lisa Moneymaker', 'decisive action', 'development teams', 'patient care', 'intelligent automation', 'visual presence', 'clear visibility', 'Research VP', 'smarter treatments', 'healthier people', 'industry-leading expertise', 'analytics-powered insights', 'patient experiences', 'Euronext Paris', 'Everest Group', 'latest podcast', 'human progress', 'virtual worlds', 'sustainable innovations', 'Analyst Relations', 'AI technology', '11 million patients', 'Medidata Platform', 'new therapies', 'meaningful impact', 'Medidata Designer', 'Medidata PR', 'market access', 'medtech customers', '38,000 trials', '37,000 trials', '2,300 customers', '370,000 customers', 'biopharmaceutical', 'intelligence', 'introduction', 'sponsors', 'CROs', 'results', 'complexity', 'clarity', 'resources', 'announcement', 'link', 'expansion', 'Dot', 'actions', 'step', 'potential', 'transparency', 'trust', 'IDC', '25 years', 'More', 'DSY', 'Leader', 'Dreamers', 'Disruptors', 'catalyst', 'company', 'consumers', 'citizens', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', '3ds', 'Contact', 'interviews', 'questions']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236062/0/en/Eviden-trains-the-Belgian-Army-s-Land-Forces-on-the-Scorpion-Combat-Information-System-SICS.html,Eviden trains the Belgian Army’s Land Forces on the Scorpion Combat Information System (SICS),The Directorate-General for Material Resources (DGMR) selected Eviden to create and deploy the SICS training platforms and associated Thales radios....,"Press ReleaseEviden trains the Belgian Army’s Land Forces on the Scorpion Combat Information System (SICS)Bourg-Léopold  Belgique – February 10  2026 – Eviden  the Atos Group product brand leading in cybersecurity products  mission-critical systems and vision AI  today announces  that it took part in the inauguration of the first national training platform for the SCORPION Combat Information System (SICS) by the Belgian Defense in Bourg-Léopold  Belgium.The SICS is the digital nervous system of the new generation of CaMo vehicles and is an essential part of the modernisation of the Land Forces. The system enables instant information sharing between vehicles  platoons and command posts  significantly increasing strike power  safety and speed of operations.This commissioning marks an important milestone in the strategic CaMo partnership between Belgium and France. The Directorate-General for Material Resources (DGMR) selected Eviden to create and deploy the SICS training platforms and associated Thales radios  as well as to provide initial training for the main trainers. This gives the Land Force and the DGMR complete autonomy to train all SICS operators and system administrators. This achievement confirms the central role of SICS in the army's transition to connected collaborative combat and illustrates the commitment of Eviden's Mission-Critical Systems teams to the deployment and adoption of the system within the Belgian armed forces.SICS will be deployed on all relevant Army capabilities  including:Scorpion vehiclesScorpionised vehiclesModernised existing vehiclesSICS: the digital backbone of CaMoSICS is an integrated communication  coordination and command system that connects vehicles  sensors and units within a single network. It provides real-time situational awareness  shared tactical maps  geolocation of own and friendly units  and facilitates rapid and consistent information exchange between different levels.The system is the digital engine of CaMo and supports the army in its transition to a modern  information-driven mode of combat.Three national SICS learning environmentsIn order to best prepare military personnel for the CaMo digital environment  the Belgian Defense has set up three specialised SICS training platforms.Training is offered at two levels. In Bourg-Leopold and Marche-en-Famenne  operational military personnel undergo SICS training on validated equipment  identical to the systems fitted to Scorpion vehicles. In Peutie  system administrators  CIS specialists and other technical profiles are trained  with a particular focus on configuration  network architecture and radio integration. All SICS classrooms have been designed to be as close as possible to operational reality  enabling military personnel to be prepared for their future mission in a safe but extremely realistic environment.The three SICS training platforms were made operational between June and autumn 2025  so that official commissioning could take place in February 2026. The infrastructure has been designed for a lifespan of 15 to 20 years in the constantly evolving CaMo ecosystem.Major General Lieven Vanheste  Head of the Communication and Information Systems & Infrastructure Division (DGMR C&I) of Belgian Defense  said: ""The goal is to transform the Belgian armed forces into an information-enhanced army: an army that optimally uses information to strengthen its combat capabilities. This is essential in modern conflicts  where the speed of information and coordination make the difference.""Fabrice Laclef  Director of Defense Information and Electronics System activities  Eviden  Atos Group  stated: ""We are proud to support the DGMR and the Belgian Army's Land Forces in this key step of enabling their operators to adopt the Scorpion Combat Information System. Close collaboration with the Belgian forces is very important to us. This proximity was one of the key ingredients for the successful deployment and adoption of SICS in France.""…About EvidenEviden is the Atos Group brand for hardware and software products with c. € 1 billion in revenue  operating in 36 countries and comprising four business units: advanced computing  cybersecurity products  mission-critical systems and vision AI. As a next-generation technology leader  Eviden offers a unique combination of hardware and software technologies for businesses  public sector and defense organizations and research institutions  helping them to create value out of their data. Bringing together more than 4 500 world-class talents and holding more than 2 100 patents  Eviden provides a strong portfolio of innovative and eco-efficient solutions in AI  computing  security  data and applications.About Atos GroupAtos Group is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 63 000 employees and annual revenue of c. €8 billion  operating in 61 countries under two brands — Atos for services and Eviden for products. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  Atos Group is committed to a secure and decarbonized future and provides tailored AI-powered  end-to-end solutions for all industries. Atos Group is the brand under which Atos SE (Societas Europaea) operates. Atos SE is listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos Group is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactIsabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | Téléphone : +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 88Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.29,0.18,True,English,"['Scorpion Combat Information System', 'Belgian Army', 'Land Forces', 'Eviden', 'SICS', 'Three national SICS learning environments', 'three specialised SICS training platforms', 'Major General Lieven Vanheste', 'first national training platform', 'three SICS training platforms', 'Atos Group product brand', 'Scorpion Combat Information System', 'real-time situational awareness', 'other technical profiles', 'instant information sharing', 'consistent information exchange', 'modern, information-driven mode', 'next-generation technology leader', 'Electronics System activities', 'Atos Group brand', 'strategic CaMo partnership', 'DGMR complete autonomy', 'four business units', 'high performance computing', 'digital nervous system', 'Belgian armed forces', 'Mission-Critical Systems teams', 'relevant Army capabilities', 'operational military personnel', 'DGMR C&I', 'CaMo digital environment', 'combat capabilities', 'initial training', 'Scorpion vehicles', 'collaborative combat', 'Information Systems', 'Defense Information', 'Belgian forces', 'operational reality', 'realistic environment', 'modern conflicts', 'global leader', 'system administrators', 'command system', 'digital backbone', 'digital engine', 'digital transformation', 'Land Forces', 'Belgian Defense', 'The SICS', 'SICS classrooms', 'Press Release', 'Bourg-Léopold', 'new generation', 'command posts', 'strike power', 'important milestone', 'The Directorate-General', 'Material Resources', 'Thales radios', 'main trainers', 'central role', 'single network', 'tactical maps', 'friendly units', 'different levels', 'two levels', 'CIS specialists', 'particular focus', 'network architecture', 'radio integration', 'future mission', '15 to 20 years', 'CaMo ecosystem', 'Fabrice Laclef', 'key step', 'Close collaboration', 'key ingredients', 'advanced computing', 'unique combination', 'software technologies', 'public sector', 'defense organizations', 'research institutions', '4,500 world-class talents', 'strong portfolio', 'eco-efficient solutions', 'two brands', 'European number', 'decarbonized future', 'Belgian Army', 'software products', 'CaMo vehicles', 'Scorpionised vehicles', 'existing vehicles', 'information-enhanced army', 'vision AI', 'SICS operators', 'essential part', 'official commissioning', 'Infrastructure Division', 'successful deployment', 'annual revenue', 'cybersecurity products', 'c.', 'Eviden', 'Belgique', 'February', 'inauguration', 'Belgium', 'modernisation', 'platoons', 'safety', 'speed', 'operations', 'France', 'achievement', 'transition', 'connected', 'commitment', 'adoption', 'coordination', 'sensors', 'geolocation', 'rapid', 'order', 'Bourg-Leopold', 'Famenne', 'equipment', 'Peutie', 'configuration', 'All', 'June', 'autumn', 'place', 'lifespan', 'evolving', 'Head', 'Communication', 'goal', 'difference', 'proximity', 'hardware', '36 countries', 'businesses', 'value', 'data', '2,100 patents', 'innovative', 'applications', '63,000 employees', '61 countries', 'services', 'cloud', 'secure']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236306/0/en/Atos-with-UEFA-Futsal-EURO-2026-Successfully-Completes-its-First-Full-Cycle-of-UEFA-Men-s-National-Team-Football-Competitions-as-a-Proud-Partner.html,Atos  with UEFA Futsal EURO™ 2026  Successfully Completes its First Full Cycle of UEFA Men’s National Team Football Competitions as a Proud Partner,Atos is proud to announce it has successfully supported the delivery of UEFA Futsal EURO™ 2026....,Press ReleaseAtos  with UEFA Futsal EURO™ 2026  Successfully Completes its First Full Cycle of UEFA Men’s National Team Football Competitions as a Proud PartnerParis  France – February 11  2026 – Atos  a global leader in AI-driven digital transformation  and the “Official Information Technology Partner” of UEFA Men’s National Team Football  is proud to announce it has successfully supported the delivery of UEFA Futsal EURO™ 2026 that just took place in Latvia  Lithuania and Slovenia. Running until 7 February  this major international event highlighted both Atos’ long-standing commitment to UEFA and the extraordinary momentum futsal is gaining worldwide.Futsal is a sport experiencing rapid growth across Europe and worldwide. Recent data confirms that futsal is not only growing  but also accelerating across all indicators: popularity  participation  and market size. Futsal is now played in over 100 countries  engaging approximately 12 million players.To support the UEFA Futsal EURO™2026tournament  Atos has deployed ICT specialists at each venue  backed by remote teams to ensure seamless digital and onsite operations. Delivered services included:Accreditation management Local infrastructure Network oversight and configuration requests with Local Organizing Structures (LOS)Business user support across UEFA teamsThrough its end-to-end IT support  Atos is proud to contribute to UEFA’s mission to elevate futsal to new audiences and deliver world-class digital operations across all competitions.With UEFA Futsal EURO™ 2026  Atos also celebrates its first full cycle of UEFA National Team Football competitions in support to UEFA  which included:UEFA Nations League Finals™ 2023UEFA EURO 2024™UEFA Nations League Finals™ 2025UEFA Under-21 Championship™ 2025UEFA Futsal EURO™ 2026European QualifiersThe successful achievement of this cycle that spun over 3 years  with zero major incidents and improvements across all major indicators of the board  reflects a multi-year operational partnership characterized by the highest standards in terms of performance  reliability  innovation  and strong collaboration  in a moment of unprecedented growth with regards to fan engagement. As sport in general is undergoing a technological transformation at a scale never seen before  Atos has demonstrated its capacity to accompany UEFA at scale with impeccable service delivery while steadily introducing new  innovative solutions.“The successful completion of this entire competition cycle at the service of UEFA is a proud moment for Atos and all the teams that worked hard to deliver on our commitments and above. We are honored to stand alongside UEFA in delivering some of the highest profile sport competition and to provide the technological foundation that ensures the smooth and secure operation of every match and every tournament for the benefits of fans worldwide” said Nacho Moros  Head of Atos Major Events.Atos has maintained a dedicated Sports and Major Events division for more than 30 years. This experience in delivering innovative solutions for the world’s most prestigious competitions enables Atos to provide the flexibility and technological excellence required for all types of events—from local tournaments to major global showcases. Leading this commitment is its role as UEFA’s Official IT Partner for National Team Football since late 2022  as well as its long-standing relationship with the Olympic and Paralympic Movements since 1992 and 2002 respectively  providing advanced IT services through the successful Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Most recently  Atos became CONMEBOL’s Official Innovation Partner  which will focus on South American football’s domestic-club competitions.To learn more  visit Atos Major Events***About Atos GroupAtos Group is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 63 000 employees and annual revenue of c. €8 billion  operating in 61 countries under two brands — Atos for services and Eviden for products. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  Atos Group is committed to a secure and decarbonized future and provides tailored AI-powered  end-to-end solutions for all industries. Atos Group is the brand under which Atos SE (Societas Europaea) operates. Atos SE is listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos Group is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press ContactLaurent Massicot | laurent.massicot@atos.net |Attachment,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.0,True,English,"['National Team Football Competitions', 'First Full Cycle', 'UEFA Futsal EURO™', 'UEFA Men', 'Proud Partner', 'Atos', 'UEFA EURO 2024™ UEFA Nations League Finals™', 'UEFA National Team Football competitions', 'Official Information Technology Partner', 'UEFA Futsal EURO™2026tournament', 'highest profile sport competition', 'South American football', 'multi-year operational partnership', 'entire competition cycle', 'Official IT Partner', 'major international event', 'zero major incidents', 'First Full Cycle', 'Major Events division', 'Local Organizing Structures', 'Official Innovation Partner', 'extraordinary momentum futsal', 'major global showcases', 'Business user support', 'world-class digital operations', 'high performance computing', 'AI-driven digital transformation', 'secure information space', 'new, innovative solutions', 'advanced IT services', 'impeccable service delivery', 'Atos Major Events', 'successful Paris 2024 Olympic', 'Proud Partner', 'highest standards', 'prestigious competitions', 'domestic-club competitions', 'IT support', 'UEFA Men', 'seamless digital', 'onsite operations', 'new audiences', 'major indicators', 'global leader', 'Local infrastructure', 'successful achievement', 'technological transformation', 'successful completion', 'local tournaments', 'UEFA teams', 'Press Release', 'rapid growth', 'Recent data', 'market size', '12 million players', 'ICT specialists', 'Accreditation management', 'Network oversight', 'configuration requests', 'European Qualifiers', 'strong collaboration', 'unprecedented growth', 'fan engagement', 'technological foundation', 'secure operation', 'Nacho Moros', 'dedicated Sports', 'technological excellence', 'long-standing relationship', 'Paralympic Movements', 'Paralympic Games', 'annual revenue', 'two brands', 'European number', 'tailored AI-powered', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'Press Contact', 'end solutions', 'remote teams', 'Atos SE', 'atos.net', 'long-standing commitment', 'proud moment', 'decarbonized future', 'Atos Group', 'Laurent Massicot', 'France', 'February', 'place', 'Latvia', 'Lithuania', 'Slovenia', 'popularity', 'participation', '100 countries', 'LOS', 'mission', '21 Championship™', '3 years', 'improvements', 'board', 'terms', 'reliability', 'regards', 'scale', 'capacity', 'commitments', 'smooth', 'match', 'benefits', 'fans', 'Head', '30 years', 'experience', 'flexibility', 'types', 'role', 'late', 'CONMEBOL', 'c.', '63,000 employees', '61 countries', 'Eviden', 'products', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'industries', 'purpose', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Attachment']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236589/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,Amsterdam  February 11  2026  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR141 million (c. US$150 million1) share repurchase program for...,"Amsterdam  February 11  2026SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR141 million (c. US$150 million1) share repurchase program for the period February 5  2026 through February 11  2026.The repurchases were made under the EUR141 million share repurchase program announced on February 20  2025 and effective from April 24  2025. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period April 24  2025 through February 11  2026 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 141 189 019 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 134 412 588 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 5 959 875 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 22.55 Start Date April 24  2025 Percentage of program completed as of February 11  2026 95.20% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount February 5  2026 25 696 EUR 29.29 EUR 752 744 February 6  2026 20 375 EUR 29.29 EUR 596 710 February 9  2026 20 880 EUR 29.45 EUR 614 885 February 10  2026 20 721 EUR 29.66 EUR 614 618 February 11  2026 20 283 EUR 29.54 EUR 599 125 Total 107 955 EUR 29.44 EUR 3 178 082All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 20  2025  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore is the world’s deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert. Through the design  construction  installation  and operation of offshore floating facilities  we play a pivotal role in a just transition. By advancing our core  we deliver cleaner  more efficient energy production. By pioneering more  we unlock new markets within the blue economy.More than 7 800 SBMers collaborate worldwide to deliver innovative solutions as a responsible partner towards a sustainable future  balancing ocean protection with progress.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year Full Year 2025 Earnings February 26 2026 Annual General Meeting April 15 2026 First Quarter 2026 Trading Update May 7 2026 Half Year 2026 Earnings August 6 2026 Third Quarter 2026 Trading Update November 12 2026For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsGiampaolo ArghittuHead of External RelationsPhone: +31 (0) 6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584 E-mail: giampaolo.arghittu@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and / or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impacts  Risks and Opportunities’ section of the 2024 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in the Half Year Management Report accompanying the Half Year Earnings 2025 report  available on our website Half Year Earnings - SBM Offshore.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®” and “F4W®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.1 Based on the foreign exchange rate on February 20  2025Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', '875 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'EUR141 million share repurchase program', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Half Year Earnings 2025 report', 'Half Year Management Report', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'Total Repurchase Amount', '1) share repurchase program', 'employee share programs', 'Half Year 2026 Earnings', 'deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert', 'efficient energy production', 'Annual General Meeting', 'offshore floating facilities', 'last 5 trading days', 'alternative performance measures', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Start Date', '2024 Annual Report', 'share capital', 'Full Year', 'top half', 'current views', 'Media Relations', 'External Relations', 'regular management', 'Trading Update', 'daily basis', 'Investors section', 'CBOE DXE', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'pivotal role', 'new markets', 'blue economy', 'innovative solutions', 'responsible partner', 'sustainable future', 'ocean protection', 'First Quarter 2026', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'actual results', 'similar expressions', 'future operations', 'Opportunities’ section', 'ESMA guidelines', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'detailed information', 'industry information', 'new information', 'transaction details', 'individual transactions', 'press release', 'Wouter Holties', 'Giampaolo Arghittu', 'Further information', 'February', 'period', 'repurchases', 'April', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Company', 'website', 'Percentage', 'Turquoise', 'nr.', 'world', 'design', 'construction', 'installation', 'transition', 'core', 'More', '7,800 SBMers', 'sbmoffshore', 'mail', 'Head', 'Phone', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'Impacts', 'business', 'obligation', 'APMs', 'IFRS', 'Nothing', 'offer']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3235936/0/en/ING-to-redeem-two-series-of-SEC-registered-Senior-Notes-and-announces-the-intention-to-call-Tier-2-notes-on-the-reset-date.html,ING to redeem two series of SEC registered Senior Notes and announces the intention to call Tier 2 notes on the reset date,ING to redeem two series of SEC registered Senior Notes and announces the intention to call Tier 2 notes on the reset date  ING announced today it will...,ING to redeem two series of SEC registered Senior Notes and announces the intention to call Tier 2 notes on the reset dateING announced today it will redeem two series of outstanding SEC registered securities: the USD 400 million Callable Floating Rate Senior Notes (CUSIP 456837 AX1 / ISIN US456837AX12) and the USD 1 100 million 1.726% Callable Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes (CUSIP 456837 AV5/ ISIN US456837AV55) (together the “Callable Senior Notes”) on their contractual call date of 1 April 2026.The Callable Senior Notes will be redeemed in full in accordance with their terms  with payment to be made on 1 April 2026. The redemption price for the Callable Senior Notes will be the principal amount of the Callable Senior Notes. Accrued and unpaid interest due on the redemption date will be paid in the usual manner to holders of record as of 31 March 2026. The paying agent for the Callable Senior Notes Securities is The Bank of New York Mellon  London Branch 160 Queen Victoria Street London EC4V 4LA United Kingdom.In addition  ING announced today its intention to redeem the EUR 1 500 million 2.125% Fixed Rate Subordinated Tier 2 Notes (XS2176621170) (the “T2 Notes”) on the next contractual reset date of 26 May 2026.With regards to the T2 Notes  ING has obtained supervisory permission from the European Central Bank to redeem the T2 Notes and intends to do this in full accordance with the terms and conditions of the T2 Notes on the reset date being 26 May 2026. A notice to noteholders will be shared via the ICSD’s and published on Tier 2 bonds | ING  not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date as specified in such notice.Any future decisions by ING as to whether it will exercise (or cause to be exercised) calls in respect of some or all of any series of its then outstanding debt securities will be made on an economic basis  taking into account the interests of all stakeholders. Other factors that ING will consider in determining whether to exercise (or cause to be exercised) a call in respect of some or all of any series of its then outstanding debt securities include prevailing market conditions  regulatory approval and capital requirements.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries ING Group Media Relations ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 media.relations@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI has been upgraded from 'AA' to 'AAA' in October 2025. As of June 2025  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’ with an ESG risk rating of 18.0 (low risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change  diversity  equity and inclusion and other ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting and also including managing the conflicting laws and requirements of governments  regulators and authorities with respect to these topics (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ing.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information. This document may also discuss one or more specific transactions and/or contain general statements about ING’s ESG approach. The approach and criteria referred to in this document are intended to be applied in accordance with applicable law. Due to the fact that there may be different or even conflicting laws  the approach  criteria or the application thereof  could be different.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.18,0.13,0.7,True,English,"['two series', 'Senior Notes', 'Tier 2 notes', 'reset date', 'ING', 'SEC', 'intention', '1,500 million 2.125% Fixed Rate Subordinated Tier 2 Notes', '400 million Callable Floating Rate Senior Notes', '2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', '160 Queen Victoria Street London', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'Callable Senior Notes Securities', 'ING Group Media Relations', 'relevant Optional Redemption Date', 'outstanding SEC registered securities', 'The Callable Senior Notes', 'next contractual reset date', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'ING Group Investor Relations', 'New York Mellon', 'outstanding debt securities', '4LA United Kingdom', 'global financial institution', 'same accounting principles', 'ESG index products', 'strong European base', 'ING Group shares', 'European Central Bank', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'ESG material risk', 'contractual call date', 'prevailing market conditions', 'Frequent news updates', 'wholesale banking services', 'ESG risk rating', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'other forward-looking statements', 'The Bank', 'Tier 2 bonds', 'ESG rating', 'T2 Notes', 'London Branch', 'Investor enquiries', 'financial information', 'redemption price', 'low risk', 'European Union', 'Other factors', 'EU Regulation', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'principal amount', 'unpaid interest', 'usual manner', 'paying agent', 'supervisory permission', 'future decisions', 'economic basis', 'regulatory approval', 'capital requirements', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'two series', 'CUSIP 456837 AX1', 'major sustainability', 'intention', 'USD', 'ISIN', '1 April', 'accordance', 'terms', 'payment', 'Accrued', 'holders', 'record', '31 March', 'addition', '26 May', 'regards', 'full', 'notice', 'ICSD', 'cause', 'calls', 'respect', 'interests', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'actions', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'October', 'June', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'progress', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', '30']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54968,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236607/0/en/LECTRA-2025-results-growth-in-recurring-revenues-and-operational-resilience.html,LECTRA: 2025 results: growth in recurring revenues and operational resilience,2025 results: growth in recurring revenues and operational resilience  Revenues: €506.7 million (-2%)*Recurring revenues (75% of the total): +2%* ...,"2025 results: growth in recurring revenues and operational resilienceRevenues: €506.7 million (-2%)*Recurring revenues (75% of the total): +2%*  including +14%* for SaaS subscription contractsARR as of December 31: €97.2 million  up +14%*EBITDA before non-recurring items: €79.7 million (-8%)*  representing a margin of 15.7%Security ratio**: 96%  demonstrating the Group's resilienceFree cash flow before non-recurring items: €57.0 millionDividend***: €0.35 per share(*) Like-for-like.(**) Share of annual fixed costs covered by the gross profit generated by recurring revenues.(***) Proposed to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of April 29  2026.October 1 – December 31 January 1 – December 31 2025 2024 Changes 2025/2024 2025 2024 Changes 2025/2024 (in millions of euros) Actual Like-for-like (1) Actual Like-for-like (1) Revenues 123.6 132.5 -7% -2% 506.7 526.7 -4 % -2% ARR (2) (3) - - - - 97.2 88.9 9% 14% EBITDA before non-recurring items (3) 18.1 22.6 -20% -8% 79.7 91.1 -13% -8% EBITDA margin before non-recurring items 14.7% 17.1% -2.4 points -1.0 point 15.7% 17.3% -1.6 points -1.0 point Net income 7.3 8.4 -13% - 25.6 29.6 -14% - Shareholders' equity (2) - - - - 360.3 374.4 - - Net cash (+) / Net debt (-) (2) - - - - -21.3 -20.6 - -(1) At constant exchange rates and like-for-like scope.(2) As of December 31  2025 and December 31  2024.(3) The definition of performance indicators is included in the Quarterly Financial Information as of December 31  2025.Paris  February 11  2026. The Board of Directors of Lectra  meeting today under the chairmanshipof Daniel Harari  reviewed the consolidated financial statements for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2025.SUMMARY OF 20252025 was an unprecedented year  with periods of commercial and political tensions across all geographies  affecting all Lectra's market sectors. Tariffs were used as levers in numerous political and economic negotiations from the first quarter of 2025  leading to a wait-and-see attitude among customers. In the end  few agreements between the countries concerned were concluded on a permanent basis  and no major relocalization was observed.In this environment  two main factors weighed on the Group's business: uncertainty — which is leading customers to reduce or postpone their investments — and more restricted access to credit  even though the decrease in interest rates is gradually easing this in several countries. The supply of software has not been significantly affected  whereas decisions concerning equipment have seen more postponements or cancellations.Lectra quickly organized itself to counter the direct impacts of changing tariffs and accelerated its strategy of transforming to SaaS  maintaining targeted R&D investments  while adapting its organization for optimal effectiveness. Its teams mobilized to consolidate its position as a strategic partner by maintaining ongoing dialogue with customers and continuing to promote SaaS offers.Thus  at the end of 2025  the Company took a decisive step in the implementation of its Lectra 4.0 strategy  confirming the strength of its business model and the relevance of its strategic choices.2. FOURTH QUARTER 2025Unless otherwise stated  comparisons are made on a like-for-like basis.The amount of orders for new systems was stable in the fourth quarter in terms of value compared to the second and third quarters. The high basis of comparison weighed on the -27% like-for-like change compared to Q4 2024.Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2025 decreased by 2%. Recurring revenues  which represent 76% of total revenues (compared to 73% in Q4 2024)  increased by 1%. This growth was driven by recurring contracts  which rose 5%  and in particular by SaaS subscriptions  which continued their momentum with 14% growth.Non-recurring revenues were down 12%  mainly due to lower equipment sales.As of December 31  2025  the backlog for perpetual software licenses  equipment  and training and consulting amounted to €23.2 million. This was a decrease of €11.8 million compared to the start of the year.EBITDA before non-recurring items was €18.1 million  down 8%  i.e. an EBITDA margin before non-recurring items of 14.7%  down 1.0 point vs. Q4 2024.After amortization of intangible assets (€5.6 million)  income from operations before non-recurring items was down 14% to €7.9 million and net income was €7.3 million  i.e. down 13% in actual terms.3. FISCAL YEAR 2025To facilitate analysis of the Group's results  the financial statements are compared to those published in 2024 that consolidated Launchmetrics as of January 23 (""actual"") and  for the analysis of variations  to the 2024 pro forma statements that consolidate Launchmetrics as of January 1  expressed at 2024 exchange rates (""like-for-like""). All ""pro forma 2024"" figures are designated as ""2024"". Currency movements had a negative impact on revenues and EBITDA before non-recurring items  reducing these indicators by €12.2 million and €4.6 million respectively.Revenues for fiscal year 2025 amounted to €506.7 million  down 2%. This breaks down into €126.6 million in non-recurring revenues  down 12%  and €380.1 million in recurring revenues (75% of total revenues)  up 2%  including €89.3 million from SaaS subscription contracts (18% of revenues  +14%).The ARR as of December 31  2025 was €97.2 million  up 14% like-for-like (9% in actual terms) compared to the end of 2024. All SaaS offers contributed to this strong performance  particularly TextileGenesis and Kubix Link in the fourth quarter.Gross profit reached €369.3 million  representing a gross profit margin of 72.9%  up 1.3 points  thanks to the favorable sales mix and strict control of production costs.The security ratio continued to strengthen and reached 96%  confirming the undeniable strength of the business model.EBITDA before non-recurring items was €79.7 million  down 8%  with an EBITDA margin of 15.7%  down 1.6 points.Income from operations before non-recurring items totaled €38.2 million  down 14%  and net income amounted to €25.6 million  down 13% in actual terms.The working capital requirement was negative at €39.7 million as of December 31  2025  remaining one of the strengths of the Group’s business model.Free cash flow before non-recurring items was €57.0 million  an amount much higher than net income.As of December 31  2025  the Group’s balance sheet remained very solid: shareholders' equity stood at €360.5 million and net debt at €21.3 million after outflows for the buyback of the second tranche of Launchmetrics’ share capital (€20.5 million)  and the payment of dividends (€15.2 million) during the first half. Net debt consisted of €86.4 million in financial debt and €65.1 million in available cash.4. PROPOSED APPROPRIATION OF EARNINGSThe Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders' Meeting on April 29  2026 the payment of a dividend of €0.35 per share in respect of fiscal year 2025.5. NEW 2026-2028 STRATEGIC ROADMAPLaunched in 2017  the Lectra 4.0 strategy aims to position the Group as a key Industry 4.0 player by 2030 in its three strategic markets: fashion  automotive and furniture. It is based on five pillars: premium positioning  concentration on these three markets  integration of customers at the heart of the business  gradual launch of AI-based1 4.0 services  and commitment to sustainability.Its implementation was based on three roadmaps:2017-2019: integration of key technologies (cloud computing  IoT 2   big data  AI)  commercial reorganization and first SaaS offers;  big data  AI)  commercial reorganization and first SaaS offers; 2020-2022: change of dimension with the acquisition of Gerber  strengthening of the portfolio of offers  expansion of the customer base and financial consolidation;2023-2025: significant increase in SaaS activity  growth in recurring revenues  and new structuring acquisitions.Today  Industry 4.0 is no longer a vision  it is becoming a reality.Backed by a policy of sustained investment in R&D for several decades and a pioneering vision of Industry 4.0  today Lectra proposes an unparalleled offer  based on the close alliance between its industrial know-how and its intelligent SaaS solutions.Lectra's offer is based on two major pillars:A Manufacture offer for fashion  automotive and furniture  combining SaaS solutions  cutting equipment  services and data exploitation enriched by AI.offer for fashion  automotive and furniture  combining SaaS solutions  cutting equipment  services and data exploitation enriched by AI. An extensive fashion offer  complementing the Manufacture offer  comprising CAD software and SaaS solutions that facilitate collaboration  decision-making  strengthening of brand positioning and that ensure product traceability.Between 2026 and 2028  Lectra will fully deploy its digital and connected model  exploiting the innovations and synergies developed over the last 10 years. R&D investments will be maintained at a high level and will represent around 12% of annual revenues  with the aim of delivering more value to customers  thanks to the increased integration of AI and big data in solutions as well as in the design processes of its offers.In a constantly changing environment  Lectra stands out for its ability to transform challenges into true growth levers. The Group has set itself three ambitions to offer customers a fluid  efficient and value-creating experience:positioning Valia at the forefront of the Manufacture offer. A SaaS solution that is unique on the market  Valia makes it possible to digitize and automate the stages of the industrial process  and to trace the flows;offer. A SaaS solution that is unique on the market  Valia makes it possible to digitize and automate the stages of the industrial process  and to trace the flows; accelerating the development of the SaaS model  in a logic of profitable and controlled growth; andstrengthening operational excellence by optimizing processes  information systems  and human resources.These three ambitions are detailed in the quarterly and annual financial letter as of December 31  2025.6. 2026-2028 FINANCIAL OBJECTIVESThe Group is looking ahead to the 2026-2028 period with confidence  thanks to the robustness of its business model. This is based on solid financial achievements: revenues that are mostly recurring  steady cash generation at a high level  a solid balance sheet  and rigorous performance monitoring to ensure the sustained and targeted level of investment required to remain fully competitive.As part of the 2026-2028 strategic roadmap  the Group has set itself the objective of growth in EBITDA before non-recurring items  based on a stronger increase in recurring contracts and strict cost control:Lectra forecasts average like-for-like annual growth in SaaS ARR of around 15%  contributing to growth in revenues from recurring contracts of between +5% and +8% per year.Lectra continues to apply optimized cost control  combined with the pursuit of targeted investments. The security ratio should then increase by 2 to 3 points per year  from 94% in 2025 to more than 100% in 2028.The Group is therefore targeting an increase in the EBITDA margin before non-recurring items of 120 to 180 basis points per year like-for-like  assuming that equipment orders and revenues from consumables and parts remain stable  i.e. increase in line with inflation  reflecting financial discipline and strengthened resilience.Any rebound in equipment sales – the timing and magnitude of which remain uncertain – will represent additional revenues and EBITDA growth potential.In addition  the Group intends to pursue its strategy of targeted acquisitions as implemented since 2017  in order to strengthen its skills  increase the value of its solutions portfolio and consolidate its position on the global market.Finally  Lectra aims to continue its policy of attractive compensation of shareholders through the payment of dividends which should  over the period of the roadmap  represent a payout ratio of around 50% of net income.Audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements  as well as the verification work on the sustainability disclosures  have been completed. The certification reports covering both the consolidated financial statements and the sustainability information will be issued following the meeting of the Board of Directors on February 26  2026  at which the notes to the consolidated financial statements will be approved  once all procedures required for the issuance of the annual financial report have been finalized.The Board of Directors' report and the financial statements for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2025 are available on lectra.com. The financial results for the first quarter of 2026 will be published on April 28  2026. The Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will take place on April 29  2026.About LectraAt the forefront of innovation since its founding in 1973  Lectra provides industrial intelligence technology solutions - combining software in SaaS mode  cutting equipment  data  and associated services - to players in the fashion  automotive and furniture industries. Lectra accelerates the transformation and success of its customers in a world in perpetual motion thanks to the key technologies of Industry 4.0: AI  big data  cloud and the Internet of Things. The Group is present in more than one hundred countries. The production sites for its cutting equipment are located in France  China and the United States. Lectra's 2 800 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. They all share the same concern for social responsibility  which is one of the pillars of Lectra's strategy to ensure its sustainable growth and that of its customers. Lectra reported revenues of €507 million in 2025  including €89 million in SaaS revenues. The Company is listed on Euronext  and is included in the CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information  visit lectra . comhttps://www.lectra.com/fr.Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with share capital of €38 063 263. RCS Paris B 300 702 3051 Artificial intelligence.2 Internet of Things.Attachment",neutral,0.18,0.82,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.39,0.38,True,English,"['recurring revenues', 'operational resilience', 'LECTRA', '2025 results', 'growth', 'targeted R&D investments', 'annual fixed costs', 'two main factors', 'Free cash flow', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Quarterly Financial Information', 'perpetual software licenses', 'constant exchange rates', '2024 pro forma statements', 'lower equipment sales', 'SaaS subscription contracts', '2024 exchange rates', 'financial statements', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'Net cash', 'recurring contracts', 'forma 2024"" figures', 'interest rates', 'recurring items', '15.7% Security ratio', 'gross profit', 'Net debt', 'The Board', 'Daniel Harari', 'fourth quarter', 'political tensions', 'market sectors', 'numerous political', 'economic negotiations', 'first quarter', 'major relocalization', 'restricted access', 'direct impacts', 'optimal effectiveness', 'strategic partner', 'ongoing dialogue', 'SaaS offers', 'decisive step', 'strategic choices', 'new systems', 'third quarters', 'SaaS subscriptions', 'intangible assets', 'Currency movements', 'negative impact', 'fiscal year', 'unprecedented year', 'Net income', 'permanent basis', 'high basis', 'recurring revenues', 'operational resilience', 'performance indicators', 'several countries', 'business model', 'actual terms', 'EBITDA margin', 'total revenues', 'Lectra 4.0 strategy', '2025 results', 'growth', 'ARR', 'December', 'Group', 'Dividend', 'April', 'October', 'Changes', 'millions', 'euros', 'non', 'scope', 'definition', 'Paris', 'February', 'Directors', 'chairmanship', 'SUMMARY', 'periods', 'commercial', 'geographies', 'Tariffs', 'levers', 'wait', 'attitude', 'customers', 'agreements', 'environment', 'uncertainty', 'credit', 'decrease', 'supply', 'decisions', 'postponements', 'cancellations', 'organization', 'teams', 'position', 'Company', 'implementation', 'strength', 'relevance', 'amount', 'orders', 'value', 'second', 'Q4', 'momentum', 'backlog', 'training', 'consulting', 'start', 'amortization', 'operations', 'analysis', 'Launchmetrics', 'January', 'variations']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54969,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236531/0/en/Rexel-Q4-sales-FY-2025-result.html,Rexel: Q4 sales & FY 2025 result,Q4 sales & FY 2025 resultsSequential sales growth improvement in Q4 in all geographiesMeeting or exceeding all full-year objectives Axelerate 2028...,"Q4 sales & FY 2025 resultsSequential sales growth improvement in Q4 in all geographiesMeeting or exceeding all full-year objectivesAxelerate 2028 implementation and deeper productivity initiatives bearing fruit→ FY 25 sales of €19 414.6m  boosted by organic growth and acquisitionsSame-day sales increased by +2.5% in FY 2025  with improving trends quarter after quarter Q4 sales of €4 881.1m  rose +3.8% on a same-day basis (up +4.7% on an actual-day basis)  accelerating sequentially with positive momentum in all regions Continued market share gains boosted by digitalization best-in-class services in key countries including France  US  Canada  Austria and SwedenActive acquisitions strategy contributing for +1.8% to FY 25 sales growth→ FY 25 current adjusted EBITA margin at 6.0% up +10bps versus the 5.9% reported in 2024  demonstrating market outperformance and margin resilience in a challenging environmentStructural cost actions and rapid cost adaptation to mitigate opex inflation: average FTE reduced by (2.3)% while volume increased by +0.7% on actual-day basis→ FY 25 operating income stood at €1 061.6m (vs €845.9m in FY 24)  including exceptional items (restructuring  asset impairment  capital gains on disposals)→ Net income 2025 of €591.4m up +73%; recurring net income up +2.4% at €678.5m→ Free cash flow conversion at 66.3%  or 76.4% excluding the impact of the €124m French Competition Authority fine paid in April  significantly outpacing our guidance for the third consecutive year and confirming our cash-generative model→ Delivering on portfolio management strategy and return to shareholders while maintaining a robust balance sheet with an indebtedness ratio at 2.0x:M&A: close to €200 million of value-creating acquisitions completedof value-creating acquisitions completed Portfolio management: divestment of activities in Finland and New Zealanddivestment of activities in Finland and New Zealand Proposed dividend for 2025 of 1.20€ per share  a 52% payout ratio  maintaining a strong track recordfor 2025 of 1.20€ per share  a 52% payout ratio  maintaining a strong track record Share buyback: €100 million of shares repurchased in 2025; €400 million since mid-2022 296 million outstanding shares at end of 2025 vs 307 million shares mid-2022€400 million since mid-2022→ 2026 outlook: 3% to 5% same-day sales growth  current adjusted EBITA margin at c. 6.2% and free cash flow conversion above 65%→ Confirmation of Rexel's medium-term ambitions  with continued market outperformance and execution of Axelerate 2028 strategic planGuillaume TEXIER  Chief Executive Officer  said:“Despite another year of macroeconomic headwinds  Rexel delivered a very solid performance in 2025  reflecting the commitment of our teams  the strength of the ‘new Rexel’ and the resilience of our transformed business model. We grew same-day sales by 2.5%  improved our current adjusted EBITA margin to 6% and achieved adjusted free cash flow conversion above 75% for the third straight year  while continuing to outperform markets in our key countries. In North America  we captured strong momentum in high-growth verticals such as datacenters and broadband infrastructure  supported by our key accounts organization and the successful Talley integration. In Europe  we intensified our self-help actions  including significant cost resets in several countries  to adapt to still-demanding conditions and deliver sequential improvement. At the same time  we mobilized the Group behind Axelerate 2028 and launched deeper transformation initiatives across AI  digital platforms  sales excellence and cost efficiency that will yield ongoing benefits over the next three years. In the Mid-term  our disciplined execution  combined with structural electrification and AI-driven opportunities  underpins our confidence in delivering profitable growth and achieving our ambitions.”Financial review for the period ended December 31  2025This press release presents Rexel's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2025. The audit procedures by the Statutory Auditors are in progress and their report on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2025 will be issued on February 12  2026The full year 2025 financial report was authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 11  2026The following terms are defined in the Glossary section of this document: Current EBITA; Current adjusted EBITA  EBITDA; EBITDAaL; Recurring net income; Free Cash Flow and Net DebtUnless otherwise stated  all comments are on a constant and adjusted basis and  for sales  at same number of working daysMain FY 2025 figuresKey figures1 (€m) - Actual FY 2025 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 19 414.6 +0.7% On a constant and actual-day basis +2.0% On a constant and same-day basis +2.5% Current adjusted EBITA2 1 157.8 +1.8% As a percentage of sales +6.0% Stable Current EBITA 1 163.3 +2.1% Operating income 1 061.6 +25.5% Net income 591.4 +73.4% Recurring net income 678.5 +2.4% FCF before interest and tax3 937.8 +2.3% FCF conversion3  4 76.4% Net debt at end of period 2 631.4 €148m increase1 See definition in the Glossary section of this document 2 Change at comparable scope of consolidation 3 Excluding the €124m French anti-trust fine4 EBITDAaL into FCF before interest and taxSALESQ4 sales stable at (0.2)% year-on-year on a reported basis  up +3.8% on a constant and same-day basisKey figures (€m) Q4 2025 YoY change FY 2025 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 4 881.1 (0.2) % 19 414.6 +0.7% On a constant and actual-day basis +4.7% +2.0% On a constant and same-day basis +3.8% +2.5%In Q4 2025   Rexel posted sales of €4 881.1m  broadly stable (0.2)% on a reported basis with positive organic growth offset by disposals and forex impacts. This includes:Constant and same-day sales growth of +3.8% with: volume growth acceleration (+2.1% contribution) and sequential selling price improvement compared to Q3 25  mainly driven by cable products (+0.8% contribution). The non-cable pricing remains unchanged (+0.9% contribution) compared to Q3 25 with improved situation in North America mainly offset by China a sequential improvement in all geographies compared to Q3 25A positive calendar effect of +0.9%A negative net scope effect of (0.6)%  resulting from the divestment of Rexel's New Zealand and Finland operations (respectively deconsolidated from Feb.1 st and Sept.1 st   2025)  offset by the acquisitions in North America (Warshauer  Schwing  Jacmar  Talley  Electrical Supplies Inc) and in Europe (Tecno Bi)and Sept.1   2025)  offset by the acquisitions in North America (Warshauer  Schwing  Jacmar  Talley  Electrical Supplies Inc) and in Europe (Tecno Bi) A negative currency effect of (4.1)%  mainly due to the depreciation of the US and Canadian dollars  and to a lesser extent the Australian dollar  renminbi and British Pound  against the euroFY sales up +0.7% year-on-year on a reported basis  +2.5% on a constant and same-day basisIn FY 2025   Rexel posted sales of €19 414.6m  up +0.7% on a reported basis  reflecting positive organic and M&A contributions. This performance includes:Constant and same-day sales growth of +2.5%  with contributions of +1.2% from volume  +0.6% from non-cable selling prices and +0.7% from cable product selling pricesA negative calendar effect of (0.5)%A positive net scope effect of +0.9%  mainly resulting from acquisitions of Talley  Itesa  Warshauer  Schwing  Electrical Supplies Inc  Jacmar and Tecno Bi  net of the New Zealand and Finland disposalsA negative currency effect of (2.2)%  mainly due to the depreciation of the US and Canadian dollars  and to a lesser extent the Australian dollar and renminbi  against the euroDigital sales in 2025 increased by +226bps to represent 34% of total Group sales:Digital accounted for 44% of sales in Europe  up +107bps; 25% in North America  an increase of +347bps driven by rapid adoption of Digital/AI tools; and 27% in Asia-Pacific  vs 17% in FY 24Europe (48% of Group sales): Stable sales evolution in Q4  down (1.1)% in FY 2025 on a constant and same-day basisIn Q4 25  sales growth evolution in Europe stood at (1.8)% on a reported basis  including:Stable constant and same-day salesA positive calendar effect of +0.6%A negative net scope impact of (2.3)%  from the disposal of Finland mitigated by the acquisition of Tecno Bi in ItalyA stable currency effect of (0.1)%Key figures (€m) % of the region's sales Q4 2025 YoY change FY 2025 YoY change Europe 2 348.3 0% 9 403.2 (1.1) % o/w France 42% 978.9 +3.0% 3 756.2 +1.5% DACH 22% 524.6 (4.7) % 2 191.8 (2.9) % Benelux 18% 412.0 +2.6% 1 553.5 +0.1% UK & Ireland 9% 213.1 (6.7) % 945.3 (7.7) % Nordics 7% 155.2 (0.2) % 732.2 (3.1) %Europe was flat on a same-day basis year-on-year  while improving sequentially compared to (0.5)% in Q3 25  in an environment that remains challenging. More specifically: Volumes were stable (vs Q3 25) in a soft market affected by political and macro uncertainties Pricing in Q4 25 slightly improved versus Q3 25  driven mainly by cable pricing (similar non-cable selling price contribution) Excluding Solar (4.5% of sales)  same-day sales growth was up +0.5%By market: The residential market was flat  excluding Solar  with first sign of recovery in some countries such as in Sweden and in the Netherlands Non-residential was flat Industry slightly increasedTrends by country and cluster (same-day basis): France increased by +3.0% in a challenging environment  achieving further broad-based market-share gains  with a strong contribution from HVAC Sequential deterioration in DACH region (Germany  Austria  Switzerland)  down (4.7)%  on business selectivity particularly in the non-residential segment  amid a difficult macro environment. However  the Group increased market share in Austria Benelux increased by +2.6% driven by Dutch ED activity and accelerated Solar growth in Belgium UK & Ireland down (6.7)%  with positive momentum in Ireland driven by industry mitigating a tough UK market  except in the London area benefiting from our recent investments Sweden was flat  a sequential improvement notably driven by industrial segment and a lower negative impact from Solar (-250bps Q4 contribution vs -650bps in Q3 2025)North America (46% of Group sales): Strong sales growth of +7.9% in Q4 and +7.0% in FY 2025 on a constant and same-day basisIn Q4 25  North America sales were up by +2.9% on a reported basis  including:Strong constant and same-day sales growth of +7.9%Positive calendar effect of +1.4%Positive scope effect of +2.2%  resulting from the acquisitions of Warshauer  Schwing  Talley & Electrical Supplies Inc in the US  and Jacmar in CanadaNegative currency effect of (8.1)%  due to the depreciation of the US and Canadian dollars against the euroKey figures (€m) % of the region's sales Q4 2025 YoY change FY 2025 YoY change North America 2 251.2 +7.9% 8 906.8 +7.0% o/w United States 82% 1 857.2 +6.9% 7 381.9 +6.6% Canada 18% 394.0 +12.9% 1 524.9 +8.5%Sales rose +7.9% on a same-day basis  with all three markets positive. In more details:The acceleration was driven by non-residential  particularly datacenter activity in CanadaWhile US was driven by proximity activity  projects were the main growth driver in CanadaNon-cable pricing was slightly better compared to Q3 25 thanks to further improvement in piping/conduit productsBacklog remains solid representing 2.7 months of activity at year end  similar to the previous quarterMore specifically:US same-day sales were up +6.9% in Q4 2025 High-growth verticals (datacenters and broadband infrastructure) contributed for more than 55% of US growth Industrial automation business accelerated  up +8%  while residential remained positive (driven by the Northwest region) Demand was strong in Solar and EV chargingsame-day sales were up +6.9% in Q4 2025Canada saw significant sales growth acceleration in Q4  up +12.9% on a same-day basis  driven by non-residential activity and market share gains Strong activity in Datacom Demand in datacenter significantly accelerated (Project in the Western region) representing 7.5% of sales in the quarter.saw significant sales growth acceleration in Q4  up +12.9% on a same-day basis  driven by non-residential activity and market share gainsAsia-Pacific (6% of Group sales): Sales increased by +4.5% in Q4 and decreased by (0.4)% in FY 2025 on a constant and same-day basisIn Q4 25  Asia-Pacific sales decreased by (10.6)% on a reported basis  including:Constant and same-day sales increase of +4.5%Stable calendar effect of (0.1)%Negative scope effect of (6.9)%  resulting from the disposal of Rexel's New Zealand activitiesNegative currency effect of (7.4)%  mainly due to the depreciation of the Australian dollar and the renminbi against the euroKey figures (€m) % of the region's sales Q4 2025 YoY change FY 2025 YoY change Asia-Pacific 281.6 +4.5% 1 104.7 (0.4) % o/w Australia 50% 142.2 +3.7% 551.2 (0.9) % China 41% 115.2 +3.1% 465.0 (1.6) % India 9% 24.2 +16.9% 88.5 +9.0%In Asia-Pacific   Q4 25 sales increased by +4.5% on a constant and same-day basisIn Australia   sales growth accelerated in the quarter  up +3.7%  notably boosted by Solar activity (supported by battery subsidies)  sales growth accelerated in the quarter  up +3.7%  notably boosted by Solar activity (supported by battery subsidies) In Asia  China and India sales grew by respectively +3.1% and +16.9% supported by industrial automation activity.PROFITABILITYCurrent adjusted EBITA margin at 6.0% in 2025  up +10bps versus 5.9% reported in 2024For the graph  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.In a low-growth environment marked by a +2.0% actual-day sales increase in FY 2025  profitability was resilient as reflected by the current adjusted EBITA margin of 6.0% up +10bps versus the 5.9% adjusted EBITA margin reported in 2024 (and stable on a comparable basis)More specifically  this margin progression can be split between the different building blocks:Portfolio & FX effect contributed for +11bps mainly thanks to accretive portfolio operations with positive contributions from both acquisitions and disposalsCalendar effect stood at -5bpsOperating leverage stood at -8bps  mainly due to muted environment in Europe;Delta inflation (gap between selling price increase and operating cost inflation) had a negative impact of -19bps  improving vs H1 mainly due to better selling price increase Operating-cost inflation stood at +2.2% (+2.9% from wage increases and +2.0% from other operating expenditure including right-of-use depreciation) versus selling price increase up +1.3%This was more than offset by internal actions on Gross Margin as well as cost savings & productivity initiatives Gross Margin was up +9bps representing a robust achievement in a competitive environment. This was supported by active selling price management. Action plans contributed for +33bps  in line with expectationsFinally  opex investments for growth (mainly digital) impacted adjusted Ebita margin by -11bpsCompared to previous cycles  Rexel continues to demonstrate its capacity to adapt its cost base in a challenging sales environment. This was achieved in particular through productivity initiatives  with headcount reduction reaching (2.3)% in 2025 (vs 2024)  while volume was up +0.7% on an AD growth basisBy geography  the change in current adjusted EBITA margin in 2025 can be explained as follows:FY 2025 (€m) Europe North America Asia Pacific Group Sales 9 403.2 8 906.8 1 104.7 19 414.6 On a constant and actual-day basis (1.6) % +6.6% (0.7) % +2.0% On a constant and same-day basis (1.1) % +7.0% (0.4) % +2.5% Current adj. EBITA 535.2 650.8 12.6 1 158* % of sales 5.7% 7.3% 1.1% 6.0% Change in bps as a % of sales -16 bps 27 bps -110 bps Stable*Including €(41)m for corporate costs in 2025More specifically:Europe was down -16 bps at 5.7% of sales  resulting from negative operating leverage  mainly due to the under-absorption of fixed costs notably in underperforming countries  partly mitigated by rapid cost adaptation with a reduction of 4% of the workforce (-600 FTE on average in 2025)-16 bps at 5.7% of sales  resulting from negative operating leverage  mainly due to the under-absorption of fixed costs notably in underperforming countries  partly mitigated by rapid cost adaptation with a reduction of 4% of the workforce (-600 FTE on average in 2025) North America was up + 27 bps at 7.3% of sales  thanks to positive sales momentum  effects from tariffs on selling prices and strict operating expenditure discipline (unchanged FTE in a growing environment)27 bps at 7.3% of sales  thanks to positive sales momentum  effects from tariffs on selling prices and strict operating expenditure discipline (unchanged FTE in a growing environment) Asia-Pacific was down -110 bps at 1.1% of sales  in a more competitive environment notably in China.As a result  current adjusted EBITA stood at €1 157.8m (vs €1 137.2m in 2024 on a comparable basis) and current EBITA stood at €1 163.3m (including a positive one-off copper effect of €5.5m similar to €7.4m in 2024).Focus on the bridge from reported EBITDA to current EBITA:EBITDA margin was up +14bps at 8.0% on a reported basisRight-of-use depreciation stood at €(269.8)m vs €(258.3)m in 2024  mainly resulting from lease inflation and additional investment in logistic capacity notably in the USOther depreciation and amortization stood at €(119.3) million  or 0.6% of salesReported basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 YoY change EBITDA 1 515.6 1 552.5 +2.4% % EBITDA margin 7.9% 8.0% Depreciation Right of Use (IFRS 16) (258.3) (269.8) Other depreciation and amortization (117.9) (119.3) Current EBITA 1 139.3 1 163.3 +2.1%NET INCOMENet income of €591.4 million up +73% in FY 2025; recurring net income of €678.5 million up +2.4%Operating income in the year stood at €1 061.6m (vs €845.9m in 2024)Amortization of intangible assets resulting from purchase price allocation amounted to €(45.6)m (vs €(35.7)m in 2024)  explained by recent acquisitions  notably TalleyOther income and expenses amounted to a net charge of €(56.2)m (vs a net charge of €(257.7)m in 2024  including the 124m€ fine booked in 2024) and notably included: €(41.1)m in restructuring mainly in Europe€36.0m in capital gains on disposals€(29.7)m in asset impairment  mainly in the UK€(20.4)m in other  including integration costs and pension buy-in in CanadaNet financial expenses in the year amounted to €(214.2)m (vs €(207.7)m in 2024)  and can be broken down as follows:€(141.9)m from financial costs stable compared to €(141.5)m in 2024  reflecting better cost of debt and higher gross debt. The effective interest rate decreased to 3.96% in 2025 from 4.35% in 2024€(72.2)m from interest on lease liabilities in 2025 vs €(66.2)m in 2024  reflecting impact from acquisitions and inflationIncome tax in the year represented a charge of €(256.0)m (vs €(297.2)m in 2024)The tax rate stood at 30.2% in 2025  including the impact of the exceptional tax in France of €23.5mThe normative tax rate stood at 30% in 2025  or 27% excluding the exceptional tax in FranceAs a result  net income in the year stood at €591.4m up +73% (vs €341.0m in 2024) and recurring net income amounted to €678.5m up +2.4% vs 2024 (see Appendix 3)FINANCIAL STRUCTUREFree cash-flow before interest and tax of €937.8m in 2025  excluding the French Authority fineIndebtedness ratio of 2.03x on December 31  2025In 2025  free cash flow before interest and tax reached €813.8m (vs €916.5m in 2024)  representing a free cash flow conversion rate (EBITDAaL into FCF before interest and taxes) of 66.3%. Excluding the €124m fine imposed by the French Competition Authority and paid in April 2025  FCF before interest and tax stood at €937.8m  representing a 76.4% conversion rate  above the average for the last four yearsThis included:EBITDAaL of €1 226.8m of which €(325.7)m of lease payments in 2025Operating cash flow of €1 189.2m  notably including €(68.9)m of other operating revenue and costsAn outflow of €(239.1)m from change in working capital (compared to an inflow of €34.3m in 2024) The change in trade working capital was an outflow of €(138.7)m. On a constant basis  trade Working Capital Requirements (TWCR) stood at 15.0% of sales in 2025  (vs 14.6% in 2024)  mainly related to the sales growth acceleration in Q4. In number of days  both Inventories & Receivables improved  partly offsetting deterioration in payables. DOI & DSO improved by respectively 1.5 and 1 day The change in non-trade working capital was an outflow of €(100.4)m  including the €(124)m French Competition Authority fine paid in April.Net capital expenditure of €(136.2)m (vs €(125.8)m in 2024). Gross capital expenditure represented 0.7% of sales  a broadly stable level year-on-year  with continued investment in digital  branches and supply-chain.Below FCF before interest and tax  the cash flow statement included:€(137.1)m in net interest paid in 2025 (vs €(129.6)m paid in 2024);€(270.6)m in income tax paid in 2025  compared to €(281.0)m paid in 2024;€(161.5)m in financial investment mainly including Warshauer  Schwing  Jacmar and Tecno Bi acquisitions  net of the inflow from disposals (Finland and New Zealand)€(354.6)m in dividends paid in 2025 based on 2024 earnings (€1.20 per share);€(100.0)m in share buybacks;€75.4m in currency effects (vs €(19.0)m in 2024) mainly due to the USD depreciationAt December 31  2025:Net financial debt increased by €147.6m year-on-year to €2 631.4m (vs €2 483.9m on December 31  2024)  including €28.6m for an earn-out for Talley and put option for Mavisun and Tecno-BI.increased by €147.6m year-on-year to €2 631.4m (vs €2 483.9m on December 31  2024)  including €28.6m for an earn-out for Talley and put option for Mavisun and Tecno-BI. The indebtedness ratio (net financial debt/EBITDAaL) stood at 2.03x  as c alculated under Senior Credit Agreement terms.Proposed dividend for 2025 at 1.20€ per shareRexel will propose to maintain the dividend at 1.20€ per share  to be paid fully in cash. This represents a payout of 52% of the Group’s recurring net income  in a high end of the policy of distributing at least 40% of recurring net income.This dividend  payable in cash on May 13th  2026 (ex-dividend date on May 11th)  is subject to the approval of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held in Paris on April 22  2026.OutlookIn 2026  we anticipate contrasted trends between the different regions  more specifically:Further growth in North America with: Macro uncertainties following the introduction of tariffs Less traction from sustainable electrification solutions Further progression in datacenter  lower contribution from broadband infrastructure Positive trends in industrial automation supported by new legislation ""One Beautiful Bill"" and reshoringImproving trends in Western Europe  especially in H2: Continued challenging environment with construction market at trough Lack of consumer confidence  amid macro and political uncertainties Easier comparison base for electrification trends Lower interest-rate environment starting to have positive impact on leading indicators in the residential market German infrastructure plan could be materialized in the second part of the yearSelling prices increase and opex inflation: Opex inflation to remain higher than selling price increase Carry-over of 2025 selling pricing in the US Potential additional price increases to reflect recent copper price increaseIn this uncertain overall environment  the priority will be to offset the cost inflation headwind and preserve our profitability  notably thanks toThe full-year effect of 2025 cost-reduction action plansNew 2026 savings actions kicking inIn this context  Rexel's expectations for full-year 2026 are as follows:Same-day sales growth between 3% and 5%Current adjusted EBITA margin 1 at c. 6.2%at c. 6.2% Free cash flow conversion2 above 65%Rexel’s medium-term ambitions remain unchangedSales growth potential of between 5% and 8%  with targeted M&A representing between 2% and 3%Current adjusted EBITA margin above 7%An average conversion rate of 65% of EBITDAaL into Free Cash Flow before interest and tax1 Excluding (i) amortization of PPA and (ii) the non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices.2 FCF Before interest and tax/EBITDAaLNB: The estimated impacts per quarter of (i) calendar effects by geography  (ii) changes in the consolidation scope and (iii) currency fluctuations (based on assumptions of average rates over the rest of the year for the Group's main currencies) are detailed in appendix 6CALENDARApril 22  2026 Q1 2026 salesApril 22  2026 Annual Shareholders' MeetingMay 11  2026 Detachment date of the dividendMay 13  2026 Dividend paymentFINANCIAL INFORMATIONFull year 2025 financial report is available on the Group’s website (www.rexel.com).A slideshow of the fourth quarter sales and full year 2025 results publication is also available on the Group’swebsite.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  non-residential  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  non-residential  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of 1 876 branches in 17 countries  with 26 306 employees. The Group’s sales were €19.4 billion in 2025.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: MSCI World  CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Sustainable Europe 120 and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2025  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS / INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSBrunswick: Laurence FROST +33 6 31 65 57 06 lfrost@brunswickgroup.comGLOSSARYCURRENT EBITA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes and Amortization) is defined as operating income before amortization of intangible assets recognized upon purchase price allocation and before other income and other expenses.CURRENT ADJUSTED EBITA is defined as current EBITA excluding the estimated non-recurring net impact from changes in copper-based cable prices.EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization) is defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization and before other income and other expenses.EBITDAaL is defined as EBITDA after deduction of lease payment following the adoption of IFRS16.RECURRING NET INCOME is defined as net income restated for non-recurring copper effect  other expenses and income  non-recurring financial expenses  net of tax effect associated with the above items.FREE CASH FLOW is defined as cash from operating activities minus net capital expenditure.NET DEBT is defined as financial debt less cash and cash equivalents. Net debt includes debt hedge derivatives.APPENDIXAppendix 1: Q4 and FY 2025 sales and current adjusted Ebita bridgeSALES BRIDGEQ4 Europe North America Asia-Pacific Group Reported sales 2024 2 390.3 2 187.7 315.1 4 893.1 +/- Net currency effect (0.1) % (8.1) % (7.4) % (4.1) % +/- Net scope effect (2.3) % +2.2% (6.9) % (0.6) % = Comparable sales 2024 2 333.6 2 058.1 269.8 4 661.4 +/- Actual-day organic growth  of which: +0.6% +9.4% +4.4% +4.7% Constant-same day excl. Cable price effect (0.3) % +6.5% +4.4% +3.0% Cable price effect +0.3% +1.4% +0.2% +0.8% Constant-same day incl. Cable price effect 0% +7.9% +4.5% +3.8% Calendar effect +0.6% +1.4% (0.1) % +0.9% = Reported sales 2025 2 348.3 2 251.2 281.6 4 881.1 YoY change (1.8) % +2.9% (10.6) % (0.2) %FY Europe North America Asia-Pacific Group Reported sales 2024 9 550.6 8 461.8 1 272.7 19 285.1 +/- Net currency effect +0.2% (4.5) % (5.1) % (2.2) % +/- Net scope effect (0.2) % +3.3% (7.5) % +0.9% = Comparable sales 2024 9 557.1 8 357.5 1 112.0 19 026.6 +/- Actual-day organic growth  of which: (1.6) % +6.6 % (0.7) % +2.0% Constant-same day excl. Cable price effect (1.3) % +5.7 % (0.6) % +1.8% Cable price effect +0.3 % +1.2 % +0.2 % +0.7% Constant-same day incl. Cable price effect (1.1) % +7.0 % (0.4) % +2.5% Calendar effect (0.5) % (0.4) % (0.3) % (0.5) % = Reported sales 2025 9 403.2 8 906.8 1 104.7 19 414.6 YoY change (1.5) % +5.3% (13.2) % +0.7%CURRENT EBITA BRIDGES:FROM FY 2024 CURRENT ADJUSTED EBITA TO FY 2024 ON A COMPARABLE BASISFY 2024 current adjusted EBITAFY 2024 copper effect @FY 2024 FX FY 2024 current EBITA FY 2025 FX Impact FY 2025 scope impact FY 2024 copper effect @FY 2025 FX FY 2024comparable current adjusted EBITA Rexel Group 1 131.7 7.6 1 139.3 (26.7) 32.0 (7.4) 1 137.2TO CURRENT ADJUSTED EBITA FROM FY 2024 TO FY 2025FY 2024 comparable current adjusted EBITAOrganic growth FY 2025 current adjusted EBITA FY 2025 copper effect FY 2025 current EBITA Rexel Group 1 137.2 20.6 1 157.8 5.5 1 163.3Appendix 2: Segment reporting – Constant and adjusted basis** Constant and adjusted = at comparable scope of consolidation and exchange rates  excluding the non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices and before amortization of purchase price allocation.The non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices was  at the EBITA level:Constant basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 Non-recurring copper effect at current EBITA level 7.4 5.5GROUP Constant and adjusted basis (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Change FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 4 661.4 4 881.1 +4.7% 19 026.6 19 414.6 +2.0% on a constant basis and same days +3.8% +2.5% Gross profit 4 752.4 4 867.7 +2.4% as a % of sales 25.0% 25.1% 9 bps Distribution & adm. expenses (incl. depreciation) (3 615.2) (3 709.9) +2.6% Current adj. EBITA 1 137.2 1 157.8 +1.8% as a % of sales 6.0% 6.0% -1 bps FTE (end of period) 26 860 26 306 (2.1) %EUROPE Constant and adjusted basis (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Change FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 2 333.6 2 348.3 +0.6% 9 557.1 9 403.2 (1.6) % on a constant basis and same days 0% (1.1) % France 935.7 978.9 +4.6% 3 714.5 3 756.2 +1.1% on a constant basis and same days +3.0% +1.5% DACH 547.6 524.6 (4.2) % 2 270.0 2 191.8 (3.4) % on a constant basis and same days (4.7) % (2.9) % Benelux 403.1 412.0 +2.2 % 1 561.2 1 553.5 (0.5) % on a constant basis and same days +2.6 % +0.1 % UK & Ireland 229.5 213.1 (7.1) % 1 029.3 945.3 (8.2) % on a constant basis and same days (6.7) % (7.7) % Nordics 155.7 155.2 (0.3) % 763.6 732.2 (4.1) % on a constant basis and same days (0.2) % (3.1) % Gross profit 2 535.7 2 514.8 (0.8) % as a % of sales 26.5% 26.7% 21 bps Distribution & adm. expenses (incl. depreciation) (1 976.7) (1 979.6) +0.1% Current adj. EBITA 559.0 535.2 (4.3) % as a % of sales 5.8% 5.7% -16 bps FTE (end of period) 14 489 13 865 (4.3) %NORTH AMERICA Constant and adjusted basis (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Change FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 2 058.1 2 251.2 +9.4% 8 357.5 8 906.8 +6.6% on a constant basis and same days +7.9% +7.0% United States 1 709.3 1 857.2 +8.7% 6 947.1 7 381.9 +6.3% on a constant basis and same days +6.9% +6.6% Canada 348.8 394.0 +13.0% 1 410.3 1 524.9 +8.1% on a constant basis and same days +12.9% +8.5% Gross profit 2 027.2 2 174.8 +7.3% as a % of sales 24.3% 24.4% 16 bps Distribution & adm. expenses (incl. depreciation) (1 438.7) (1 524.0) +5.9% Current adj. EBITA 588.4 650.8 +10.6% as a % of sales 7.0% 7.3% 27 bps FTE (end of period) 10 028 10 165 +1.4%ASIA-PACIFIC Constant and adjusted basis (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Change FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 269.8 281.6 +4.4% 1 112.0 1 104.7 (0.7) % on a constant basis and same days +4.5% (0.4) % China 111.8 115.2 +3.1% 472.4 465.0 (1.6) % on a constant basis and same days +3.1% (1.6) % Australia 137.0 142.2 +3.8% 558.2 551.2 (1.2) % on a constant basis and same days +3.7% (0.9) % Inde 21.0 24.2 +15.1% 81.5 88.5 +8.6% on a constant basis and same days +16.9% +9.0% Gross profit 189.6 178.0 (6.1) % as a % of sales 17.0% 16.1% -93 bps Distribution & adm. expenses (incl. depreciation) (164.6) (165.4) +0.5% Current adj. EBITA 24.9 12.6 (49.4) % as a % of sales 2.2% 1.1% -110 bps FTE (end of period) 2 086 2 027 (2.8) %Appendix 3: Consolidated Financial StatementConsolidated Income StatementReported basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 19 285.1 19 414.6 +0.7% Gross profit 4 795.8 4 873.2 +1.6% as a % of sales 24.9% 25.1% Operating expenses (excl. depreciation) (3 280.2) (3 320.7) Depreciation (376.3) (389.2) Current EBITA 1 139.3 1 163.3 +2.1% as a % of sales 5.9% 6.0% Amortization of intangibles resulting from purchase price allocation (35.7) (45.6) Operating income bef. other inc. and exp. 1 103.6 1 117.7 +1.3% as a % of sales 5.7% 5.8% Other income and expenses (257.7) (56.2) Operating income 845.9 1 061.6 +25.5% Net financial expenses (207.7) (214.2) Net income (loss) before income tax 638.2 847.4 +32.8% Income tax (297.2) (256.0) Net income (loss) 341.0 591.4 +73.4%Bridge between Operating Income on a reported basis and current adjusted EBITAin €m FY 2024 FY 2025 Operating income on a reported basis 845.9 1 061.6 Other Incomes & expenses 257.7 56.2 Amortization of intangibles assets 35.7 45.6 Change in scope of consolidation 32.0 — Foreign exchange effects (26.7) — Current EBITA 1 144.6 1 163.3 Non-recurring effect related to copper (7.4) (5.5) Current adjusted EBITA on a constant basis 1 137.2 1 157.8Recurring Net Incomein €m FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Net income (as reported) 341.0 591.4 +73.4% Non-recurring copper effect (7.6) (5.5) Other expense & income 257.7 56.2 Financial expense 0.0 0.0 Tax expense 71.2 36.4 Recurring net income 662.3 678.5 +2 4%Sales and Profitability By SegmentReported basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 19 285.1 19 414.6 +0.7% Europe 9 550.6 9 403.2 (1.5) % North America 8 461.8 8 906.8 +5.3% Asia-Pacific 1 272.7 1 104.7 (13.2) % Gross profit 4 795.8 4 873.2 +1.6% Europe 2 526.4 2 515.2 (0.4) % North America 2 044.6 2 180.0 +6.6 % Asia-Pacific 224.7 178.0 (20.8) % Current EBITA 1 139.3 1 163.3 +2.1% Europe 556.6 535.5 (3.8) % North America 597.7 656.0 +9.8% Asia-Pacific 20.2 12.6 (37.7) % Other (35.2) (40.8) (16.0) %Consolidated Balance Sheet1Assets (reported basis in €m) December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Goodwill 3 978.4 3 907.6 Intangible assets 1 675.1 1 659.3 Property  plant & equipment 368.3 353.7 Right-of-use assets 1 381.4 1 342.2 Long-term investments 67.1 61.7 Deferred tax assets 23.3 30.7 Total non-current assets 7 493.5 7 355.2 Inventories 2 485.7 2 364.1 Trade receivables 2 694.4 2 682.0 Other receivables 818.6 927.7 Assets classified as held for sale 32.5 — Cash and cash equivalents 883.3 1 037.5 Total current assets 6 914.6 7 011.3 Total assets 14 408.2 14 366.6Liabilities (reported basis in €m) December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Total equity 5 569.9 5 405.7 Long-term debt 2 330.0 2 934.2 Lease liabilities (non-current part) 1 277.6 1 248.2 Deferred tax liabilities 295.7 309.4 Other non-current liabilities 219.2 315.5 Total non-current liabilities 4 122.5 4 807.4 Interest bearing debt & accrued int. 890.8 691.1 Lease liabilities (current part) 243.7 240.1 Trade payables 2 305.4 2 170.9 Other payables 1 239.2 1 051.3 Liabilities rel. to assets held for sale 36.6 — Total current liabilities 4 715.7 4 153.5 Total liabilities 8 838.2 8 960.9 Total equity & liabilities 14 408.2 14 366.61 Including:Debt hedge derivatives for €16.5m at December 31  2025 and for €21.3m at December 31  2024 ; andAccrued interest receivables for €(1.4)m at December 31  2025 and for €(2.7)m at December 31  2024.Change in Net DebtReported basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 EBITDA 1 515.6 1 552.5 Lease payments (311.3) (325.7) EBITDAaL 1 204.3 1 226.8 Other operating revenues & costs1 2 (196.3) (37.6) Operating cash-flow 1 008.0 1 189.2 Change in working capital1 34.3 (239.1) Net capital expenditure  of which: (125.8) (136.2) Gross capital expenditure (135.9) (143.1) Disposal of fixed assets 6.2 9.2 Free cash-flow before int. & tax 916.5 813.8 Free cash flow conversion (% of EBITDAaL) 76% 66% Net interest paid / received (129.6) (137.1) Income tax paid (281.0) (270.6) Free cash-flow after int. & tax 506.0 406.1 Net financial investment (439.6) (161.5) Dividends paid (357.2) (354.6) Net change in equity (102.0) (96.6) Other (110.6) (16.3) Currency exchange variation (19.0) 75.4 Decrease (increase) in net debt (522.3) (147.5) Net debt at the beginning of the period 1 961.5 2 483.9 Net debt at the end of the period 2 483.9 2 631.41 Includes the impact of the €124m of the French Competition fine recognized in P&L in 2024 and paid in 20252 Includes restructuring and integration outflows of €35.3m in 2025 vs €17.1m in 2024Appendix 4: Working Capital AnalysisConstant basis December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Net inventories as a % of sales 12 rolling months 12.5% 12.4% as a number of days 58.3 56.7 Net trade receivables as a % of sales 12 rolling months 13.4% 13.7% as a number of days 47.3 46.2 Net trade payables as a % of sales 12 rolling months 11.4% 11.2% as a number of days 47.7 45.6 Trade working capital as a % of sales 12 rolling months 14.6% 15.0% Total working capital as a % of sales 12 rolling months 12.8% 14.3%Appendix 5: Headcount and branches by geographyFTEs at end of period comparable December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Year-on-Year Change Europe 14 489 13 865 (4.3) % USA 7 873 7 900 +0.3% Canada 2 155 2 265 +5.1% North America 10 028 10 165 +1.4% Asia-Pacific 2 086 2 027 (2.8) % Other 258 249 (3.5) % Group 26 860 26 306 (2.1) %Branches December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Year-on-Year Change Europe 1 047 1 031 (1.5) % USA 468 463 (1.1) % Canada 193 197 +2.1% North America 661 660 (0.2) % Asia-Pacific 189 185 (2.1) % Group 1 897 1 876 (1.1) %Appendix 6: Calendar  scope and currency effects on salesBased on the assumption  that exchange rates (as of February 4th) remain unchanged until year end: € 1.00 = USD 1.18 € 1.00 = CAD 1.61 € 1.00 = AUD 1.68 € 1.00 = GBP 0.86 and based on acquisitions/divestments to date  2025 sales should take into account the following estimated impacts to be comparable to 2026: Q1e Q2e Q3e Q4e FYe Scope effect at Group level -0.8 -37.5 -38.5 0.0 -76.8 as % of 2025 sales —% (0.8) % (0.8%) —% (0.4%) Currency effect at Group level -221.4 -80.6 5.0 -7.8 -304.8 as % of 2025 sales (4.6) % (1.6) % 0.1 % (0.2) % (1.6) % Calendar effect at Group level (0.9) % 0.1 % 0.5 % 1.0 % 0.2 % Europe (0.5) % 0.2 % 1.1 % 0.7 % 0.4 % USA (1.7) % (0.1) % (0.1) % 1.7 % — % Canada — % — % — % — % — % North America (1.4) % (0.1) % (0.1) % 1.4 % — % Asia 0.2 % — % — % (0.2) % — % Pacific — % 1.3 % — % (0.2) % 0.3 % Asia-Pacific 0.1 % 0.6 % — % (0.2) % 0.1 %Appendix 7: Historical copper price evolutionFor the graph  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.USD/t Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY 2023 8 959 8 476 8 401 8 249 8 523 2024 8 540 9 873 9 340 9 318 9 266 2025 9 419 9 472 9 865 11 104 9 973 2023 vs 2022 (10)% (11)% 9% 3% (3)% 2024 vs 2023 (5)% 17% 11% 13% 9% 2025 vs 2024 10% (4)% 6% 19% 8%€/t Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY 2023 8 348 7 784 7 718 7 672 7 883 2024 7 865 9 171 8 507 8 721 8 564 2025 8 949 8 354 8 445 9 543 8 826 2023 vs. 2022 (6)% (13)% 1% (2)% (5)% 2024 vs. 2023 (6)% 18% 10% 14% 9% 2025 vs.2024 14% (9)% (1)% 9% 3%DISCLAIMERThe Group is exposed to fluctuations in copper prices in connection with its distribution of cable products. Cables accounted for approximately 16% of the Group's sales and copper accounts for approximately 60% of the composition of cables. This exposure is indirect since cable prices also reflect copper suppliers' commercial policies and the competitive environment in the Group's markets. Changes in copper prices have an estimated so-called ""recurring"" effect and an estimated so called ""non-recurring"" effect on the Group's performance assessed as part of the monthly internal reporting process of the Rexel Group: i) the recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the change in value of the copper part included in the sales price of cables from one period to another. This effect mainly relates to the Group’s sales; ii) the non-recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the effect of copper price variations on the sales price of cables between the time they are purchased and the time they are sold  until all such inventory has been sold (direct effect on gross profit). Practically  the non-recurring effect on gross profit is determined by comparing the historical purchase price for copper-based cable and the supplier price effective at the date of the sale of the cables by the Rexel Group. Additionally  the non-recurring effect on current EBITA corresponds to the non-recurring effect on gross profit  which may be offset  when appropriate  by the non-recurring portion of changes in the distribution and administrative expenses.The impact of these two effects is assessed for as much of the Group’s total cable sales as possible  over each period. Group procedures require that entities that do not have the information systems capable of such exhaustive calculations to estimate these effects based on a sample representing at least 70% of the sales in the period. The results are then extrapolated to all cables sold during the period for that entity. Considering the sales covered. the Rexel Group considers such estimates of the impact of the two effects to be reasonable.This document may contain statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements. By their nature  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in the Universal Registration Document registered with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on March 10  2025 under number D.25-0084. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of Rexel's future performance  Rexel's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity as well as development of the industry in which Rexel operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this release. The forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this communication and Rexel does not undertake  unless required by law or regulation  to update any of the forward-looking statements after this date to conform such statements to actual results to reflect the occurrence of anticipated results or otherwise.The market and industry data and forecasts included in this document were obtained from internal surveys  estimates  experts and studies  where appropriate  as well as external market research  publicly available information and industry publications. Rexel  its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees have not independently verified the accuracy of any such market and industry data and forecasts and make no representations or warranties in relation thereto. Such data and forecasts are included herein for information purposes only.This document includes only summary information and must be read in conjunction with Rexel’s Universal Registration Document registered with the AMF on March 10  2025 under number D.25-0084  as well as the financial statements and consolidated result and activity report for the 2025 fiscal year which may be obtained from Rexel’s website (www.rexel.com).Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.65,0.35,0.0,True,English,"['Q4 sales', 'FY 2025 result', 'Rexel', '€124m French Competition Authority fine', 'strong track record Share buyback', 'Free cash flow conversion', 'Actual FY 2025 YoY change', '3% to 5% same-day sales growth', 'full year 2025 financial report', 'Sequential sales growth improvement', 'current adjusted EBITA margin', 'deeper productivity initiatives', 'robust balance sheet', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'successful Talley integration', 'deeper transformation initiatives', 'next three years', 'rapid cost adaptation', 'significant cost resets', 'key accounts organization', 'consolidated financial statements', 'third consecutive year', 'third straight year', 'Active acquisitions strategy', 'portfolio management strategy', 'Main FY 2025 figures', 'recurring net income', 'Stable Current EBITA', 'Structural cost actions', 'Axelerate 2028 strategic plan', '296 million outstanding shares', 'market share gains', 'quarter Q4 sales', 'FY 25 sales growth', 'sequential improvement', 'strong momentum', 'organic growth', 'profitable growth', 'adjusted basis', 'cost efficiency', 'Financial review', 'capital gains', '307 million shares', 'self-help actions', 'structural electrification', 'Net Debt', 'operating income', 'market outperformance', 'same-day basis', 'key countries', 'Key figures1', 'FY 2025 results', 'geographies Meeting', 'full-year objectives', 'positive momentum', 'regions Continued', 'class services', 'margin resilience', 'challenging environment', 'opex inflation', 'average FTE', 'exceptional items', 'asset impairment', 'cash-generative model', 'indebtedness ratio', 'M&A', 'value-creating acquisitions', 'New Zealand', '52% payout ratio', 'Guillaume TEXIER', 'macroeconomic headwinds', 'solid performance', 'business model', 'North America', 'high-growth verticals', 'broadband infrastructure', 'several countries', 'demanding conditions', 'same time', 'digital platforms', 'ongoing benefits', 'AI-driven opportunities', 'press release', 'audit procedures', 'Statutory Auditors', 'following terms', 'Glossary section', 'same number', 'working days', 'actual-day basis', 'medium-term ambitions', 'disciplined execution', 'new Rexel', '2028 implementation', 'fruit', 'trends', 'digitalization', 'France', 'Canada', 'Austria', 'Sweden', 'volume', 'restructuring', 'disposals', 'impact', 'April', 'guidance', 'shareholders', 'divestment', 'activities', 'Finland', 'dividend', 'mid', '2026 outlook', 'Confirmation', 'commitment', 'teams', 'strength', 'markets', 'datacenters', 'Europe', 'Group', 'excellence', 'confidence', 'period', 'progress', 'December', 'February', 'issue', 'Board', 'Directors', 'document', 'EBITDA', 'comments', 'constant', 'EBITA2', 'percentage', 'FCF', 'intere', '66', '2.0', '1.20']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54970,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3236585/0/en/Rexel-Erratum-to-the-Press-release-Q4-sales-FY-2025-results.html,Rexel : Erratum to the Press release Q4 sales & FY 2025 results,Q4 sales & FY 2025 resultsSequential sales growth improvement in Q4 in all geographiesMeeting or exceeding all full-year objectives Axelerate 2028...,"Q4 sales & FY 2025 resultsSequential sales growth improvement in Q4 in all geographiesMeeting or exceeding all full-year objectivesAxelerate 2028 implementation and deeper productivity initiatives bearing fruit→ FY 25 sales of €19 414.6m  boosted by organic growth and acquisitionsSame-day sales increased by +2.5% in FY 2025  with improving trends quarter after quarter Q4 sales of €4 881.1m  rose +3.8% on a same-day basis (up +4.7% on an actual-day basis)  accelerating sequentially with positive momentum in all regions Continued market share gains boosted by digitalization best-in-class services in key countries including France  US  Canada  Austria and SwedenActive acquisitions strategy contributing for +1.8% to FY 25 sales growth→ FY 25 current adjusted EBITA margin at 6.0% up +10bps versus the 5.9% reported in 2024  demonstrating market outperformance and margin resilience in a challenging environmentStructural cost actions and rapid cost adaptation to mitigate opex inflation: average FTE reduced by (2.3)% while volume increased by +0.7% on actual-day basis→ FY 25 operating income stood at €1 061.6m (vs €845.9m in FY 24)  including exceptional items (restructuring  asset impairment  capital gains on disposals)→ Net income 2025 of €591.4m up +73%; recurring net income up +2.4% at €678.5m→ Free cash flow conversion at 66.3%  or 76.4% excluding the impact of the €124m French Competition Authority fine paid in April  significantly outpacing our guidance for the third consecutive year and confirming our cash-generative model→ Delivering on portfolio management strategy and return to shareholders while maintaining a robust balance sheet with an indebtedness ratio at 2.0x:M&A: close to €200 million of value-creating acquisitions completedof value-creating acquisitions completed Portfolio management: divestment of activities in Finland and New Zealanddivestment of activities in Finland and New Zealand Proposed dividend for 2025 of 1.20€ per share  a 52% payout ratio  maintaining a strong track recordfor 2025 of 1.20€ per share  a 52% payout ratio  maintaining a strong track record Share buyback: €100 million of shares repurchased in 2025; €400 million since mid-2022 296 million outstanding shares at end of 2025 vs 307 million shares mid-2022€400 million since mid-2022→ 2026 outlook: 3% to 5% same-day sales growth  current adjusted EBITA margin at c. 6.2% and free cash flow conversion above 65%→ Confirmation of Rexel's medium-term ambitions  with continued market outperformance and execution of Axelerate 2028 strategic planGuillaume TEXIER  Chief Executive Officer  said:“Despite another year of macroeconomic headwinds  Rexel delivered a very solid performance in 2025  reflecting the commitment of our teams  the strength of the ‘new Rexel’ and the resilience of our transformed business model. We grew same-day sales by 2.5%  improved our current adjusted EBITA margin to 6% and achieved adjusted free cash flow conversion above 75% for the third straight year  while continuing to outperform markets in our key countries. In North America  we captured strong momentum in high-growth verticals such as datacenters and broadband infrastructure  supported by our key accounts organization and the successful Talley integration. In Europe  we intensified our self-help actions  including significant cost resets in several countries  to adapt to still-demanding conditions and deliver sequential improvement. At the same time  we mobilized the Group behind Axelerate 2028 and launched deeper transformation initiatives across AI  digital platforms  sales excellence and cost efficiency that will yield ongoing benefits over the next three years. In the Mid-term  our disciplined execution  combined with structural electrification and AI-driven opportunities  underpins our confidence in delivering profitable growth and achieving our ambitions.”Financial review for the period ended December 31  2025This press release presents Rexel's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2025. The audit procedures by the Statutory Auditors are in progress and their report on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2025 will be issued on February 12  2026The full year 2025 financial report was authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 11  2026The following terms are defined in the Glossary section of this document: Current EBITA; Current adjusted EBITA  EBITDA; EBITDAaL; Recurring net income; Free Cash Flow and Net DebtUnless otherwise stated  all comments are on a constant and adjusted basis and  for sales  at same number of working daysMain FY 2025 figuresKey figures1 (€m) - Actual FY 2025 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 19 414.6 +0.7% On a constant and actual-day basis +2.0% On a constant and same-day basis +2.5% Current adjusted EBITA2 1 157.8 +1.8% As a percentage of sales +6.0% Stable Current EBITA 1 163.3 +2.1% Operating income 1 061.6 +25.5% Net income 591.4 +73.4% Recurring net income 678.5 +2.4% FCF before interest and tax3 937.8 +2.3% FCF conversion3  4 76.4% Net debt at end of period 2 631.4 €148m increase1 See definition in the Glossary section of this document 2 Change at comparable scope of consolidation 3 Excluding the €124m French anti-trust fine4 EBITDAaL into FCF before interest and taxSALESQ4 sales stable at (0.2)% year-on-year on a reported basis  up +3.8% on a constant and same-day basisKey figures (€m) Q4 2025 YoY change FY 2025 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 4 881.1 (0.2) % 19 414.6 +0.7% On a constant and actual-day basis +4.7% +2.0% On a constant and same-day basis +3.8% +2.5%In Q4 2025   Rexel posted sales of €4 881.1m  broadly stable (0.2)% on a reported basis with positive organic growth offset by disposals and forex impacts. This includes:Constant and same-day sales growth of +3.8% with: volume growth acceleration (+2.1% contribution) and sequential selling price improvement compared to Q3 25  mainly driven by cable products (+0.8% contribution). The non-cable pricing remains unchanged (+0.9% contribution) compared to Q3 25 with improved situation in North America mainly offset by China a sequential improvement in all geographies compared to Q3 25A positive calendar effect of +0.9%A negative net scope effect of (0.6)%  resulting from the divestment of Rexel's New Zealand and Finland operations (respectively deconsolidated from Feb.1 st and Sept.1 st   2025)  offset by the acquisitions in North America (Warshauer  Schwing  Jacmar  Talley  Electrical Supplies Inc) and in Europe (Tecno Bi)and Sept.1   2025)  offset by the acquisitions in North America (Warshauer  Schwing  Jacmar  Talley  Electrical Supplies Inc) and in Europe (Tecno Bi) A negative currency effect of (4.1)%  mainly due to the depreciation of the US and Canadian dollars  and to a lesser extent the Australian dollar  renminbi and British Pound  against the euroFY sales up +0.7% year-on-year on a reported basis  +2.5% on a constant and same-day basisIn FY 2025   Rexel posted sales of €19 414.6m  up +0.7% on a reported basis  reflecting positive organic and M&A contributions. This performance includes:Constant and same-day sales growth of +2.5%  with contributions of +1.2% from volume  +0.6% from non-cable selling prices and +0.7% from cable product selling pricesA negative calendar effect of (0.5)%A positive net scope effect of +0.9%  mainly resulting from acquisitions of Talley  Itesa  Warshauer  Schwing  Electrical Supplies Inc  Jacmar and Tecno Bi  net of the New Zealand and Finland disposalsA negative currency effect of (2.2)%  mainly due to the depreciation of the US and Canadian dollars  and to a lesser extent the Australian dollar and renminbi  against the euroDigital sales in 2025 increased by +226bps to represent 34% of total Group sales:Digital accounted for 44% of sales in Europe  up +107bps; 25% in North America  an increase of +347bps driven by rapid adoption of Digital/AI tools; and 27% in Asia-Pacific  vs 17% in FY 24Europe (48% of Group sales): Stable sales evolution in Q4  down (1.1)% in FY 2025 on a constant and same-day basisIn Q4 25  sales growth evolution in Europe stood at (1.8)% on a reported basis  including:Stable constant and same-day salesA positive calendar effect of +0.6%A negative net scope impact of (2.3)%  from the disposal of Finland mitigated by the acquisition of Tecno Bi in ItalyA stable currency effect of (0.1)%Key figures (€m) % of the region's sales Q4 2025 YoY change FY 2025 YoY change Europe 2 348.3 0% 9 403.2 (1.1) % o/w France 42% 978.9 +3.0% 3 756.2 +1.5% DACH 22% 524.6 (4.7) % 2 191.8 (2.9) % Benelux 18% 412.0 +2.6% 1 553.5 +0.1% UK & Ireland 9% 213.1 (6.7) % 945.3 (7.7) % Nordics 7% 155.2 (0.2) % 732.2 (3.1) %Europe was flat on a same-day basis year-on-year  while improving sequentially compared to (0.5)% in Q3 25  in an environment that remains challenging. More specifically: Volumes were stable (vs Q3 25) in a soft market affected by political and macro uncertainties Pricing in Q4 25 slightly improved versus Q3 25  driven mainly by cable pricing (similar non-cable selling price contribution) Excluding Solar (4.5% of sales)  same-day sales growth was up +0.5%By market: The residential market was flat  excluding Solar  with first sign of recovery in some countries such as in Sweden and in the Netherlands Non-residential was flat Industry slightly increasedTrends by country and cluster (same-day basis): France increased by +3.0% in a challenging environment  achieving further broad-based market-share gains  with a strong contribution from HVAC Sequential deterioration in DACH region (Germany  Austria  Switzerland)  down (4.7)%  on business selectivity particularly in the non-residential segment  amid a difficult macro environment. However  the Group increased market share in Austria Benelux increased by +2.6% driven by Dutch ED activity and accelerated Solar growth in Belgium UK & Ireland down (6.7)%  with positive momentum in Ireland driven by industry mitigating a tough UK market  except in the London area benefiting from our recent investments Sweden was flat  a sequential improvement notably driven by industrial segment and a lower negative impact from Solar (-250bps Q4 contribution vs -650bps in Q3 2025)North America (46% of Group sales): Strong sales growth of +7.9% in Q4 and +7.0% in FY 2025 on a constant and same-day basisIn Q4 25  North America sales were up by +2.9% on a reported basis  including:Strong constant and same-day sales growth of +7.9%Positive calendar effect of +1.4%Positive scope effect of +2.2%  resulting from the acquisitions of Warshauer  Schwing  Talley & Electrical Supplies Inc in the US  and Jacmar in CanadaNegative currency effect of (8.1)%  due to the depreciation of the US and Canadian dollars against the euroKey figures (€m) % of the region's sales Q4 2025 YoY change FY 2025 YoY change North America 2 251.2 +7.9% 8 906.8 +7.0% o/w United States 82% 1 857.2 +6.9% 7 381.9 +6.6% Canada 18% 394.0 +12.9% 1 524.9 +8.5%Sales rose +7.9% on a same-day basis  with all three markets positive. In more details:The acceleration was driven by non-residential  particularly datacenter activity in CanadaWhile US was driven by proximity activity  projects were the main growth driver in CanadaNon-cable pricing was slightly better compared to Q3 25 thanks to further improvement in piping/conduit productsBacklog remains solid representing 2.7 months of activity at year end  similar to the previous quarterMore specifically:US same-day sales were up +6.9% in Q4 2025 High-growth verticals (datacenters and broadband infrastructure) contributed for more than 55% of US growth Industrial automation business accelerated  up +8%  while residential remained positive (driven by the Northwest region) Demand was strong in Solar and EV chargingsame-day sales were up +6.9% in Q4 2025Canada saw significant sales growth acceleration in Q4  up +12.9% on a same-day basis  driven by non-residential activity and market share gains Strong activity in Datacom Demand in datacenter significantly accelerated (Project in the Western region) representing 7.5% of sales in the quarter.saw significant sales growth acceleration in Q4  up +12.9% on a same-day basis  driven by non-residential activity and market share gainsAsia-Pacific (6% of Group sales): Sales increased by +4.5% in Q4 and decreased by (0.4)% in FY 2025 on a constant and same-day basisIn Q4 25  Asia-Pacific sales decreased by (10.6)% on a reported basis  including:Constant and same-day sales increase of +4.5%Stable calendar effect of (0.1)%Negative scope effect of (6.9)%  resulting from the disposal of Rexel's New Zealand activitiesNegative currency effect of (7.4)%  mainly due to the depreciation of the Australian dollar and the renminbi against the euroKey figures (€m) % of the region's sales Q4 2025 YoY change FY 2025 YoY change Asia-Pacific 281.6 +4.5% 1 104.7 (0.4) % o/w Australia 50% 142.2 +3.7% 551.2 (0.9) % China 41% 115.2 +3.1% 465.0 (1.6) % India 9% 24.2 +16.9% 88.5 +9.0%In Asia-Pacific   Q4 25 sales increased by +4.5% on a constant and same-day basisIn Australia   sales growth accelerated in the quarter  up +3.7%  notably boosted by Solar activity (supported by battery subsidies)  sales growth accelerated in the quarter  up +3.7%  notably boosted by Solar activity (supported by battery subsidies) In Asia  China and India sales grew by respectively +3.1% and +16.9% supported by industrial automation activity.PROFITABILITYCurrent adjusted EBITA margin at 6.0% in 2025  up +10bps versus 5.9% reported in 2024For the graph  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.In a low-growth environment marked by a +2.0% actual-day sales increase in FY 2025  profitability was resilient as reflected by the current adjusted EBITA margin of 6.0% up +10bps versus the 5.9% adjusted EBITA margin reported in 2024 (and stable on a comparable basis)More specifically  this margin progression can be split between the different building blocks:Portfolio & FX effect contributed for +11bps mainly thanks to accretive portfolio operations with positive contributions from both acquisitions and disposalsCalendar effect stood at -5bpsOperating leverage stood at -8bps  mainly due to muted environment in Europe;Delta inflation (gap between selling price increase and operating cost inflation) had a negative impact of -19bps  improving vs H1 mainly due to better selling price increase Operating-cost inflation stood at +2.2% (+2.9% from wage increases and +2.0% from other operating expenditure including right-of-use depreciation) versus selling price increase up +1.3%This was more than offset by internal actions on Gross Margin as well as cost savings & productivity initiatives Gross Margin was up +9bps representing a robust achievement in a competitive environment. This was supported by active selling price management. Action plans contributed for +33bps  in line with expectationsFinally  opex investments for growth (mainly digital) impacted adjusted Ebita margin by -11bpsCompared to previous cycles  Rexel continues to demonstrate its capacity to adapt its cost base in a challenging sales environment. This was achieved in particular through productivity initiatives  with headcount reduction reaching (2.3)% in 2025 (vs 2024)  while volume was up +0.7% on an AD growth basisBy geography  the change in current adjusted EBITA margin in 2025 can be explained as follows:FY 2025 (€m) Europe North America Asia Pacific Group Sales 9 403.2 8 906.8 1 104.7 19 414.6 On a constant and actual-day basis (1.6) % +6.6% (0.7) % +2.0% On a constant and same-day basis (1.1) % +7.0% (0.4) % +2.5% Current adj. EBITA 535.2 650.8 12.6 1 158* % of sales 5.7% 7.3% 1.1% 6.0% Change in bps as a % of sales -16 bps 27 bps -110 bps Stable*Including €(41)m for corporate costs in 2025More specifically:Europe was down -16 bps at 5.7% of sales  resulting from negative operating leverage  mainly due to the under-absorption of fixed costs notably in underperforming countries  partly mitigated by rapid cost adaptation with a reduction of 4% of the workforce (-600 FTE on average in 2025)-16 bps at 5.7% of sales  resulting from negative operating leverage  mainly due to the under-absorption of fixed costs notably in underperforming countries  partly mitigated by rapid cost adaptation with a reduction of 4% of the workforce (-600 FTE on average in 2025) North America was up + 27 bps at 7.3% of sales  thanks to positive sales momentum  effects from tariffs on selling prices and strict operating expenditure discipline (unchanged FTE in a growing environment)27 bps at 7.3% of sales  thanks to positive sales momentum  effects from tariffs on selling prices and strict operating expenditure discipline (unchanged FTE in a growing environment) Asia-Pacific was down -110 bps at 1.1% of sales  in a more competitive environment notably in China.As a result  current adjusted EBITA stood at €1 157.8m (vs €1 137.2m in 2024 on a comparable basis) and current EBITA stood at €1 163.3m (including a positive one-off copper effect of €5.5m similar to €7.4m in 2024).Focus on the bridge from reported EBITDA to current EBITA:EBITDA margin was up +14bps at 8.0% on a reported basisRight-of-use depreciation stood at €(269.8)m vs €(258.3)m in 2024  mainly resulting from lease inflation and additional investment in logistic capacity notably in the USOther depreciation and amortization stood at €(119.3) million  or 0.6% of salesReported basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 YoY change EBITDA 1 515.6 1 552.5 +2.4% % EBITDA margin 7.9% 8.0% Depreciation Right of Use (IFRS 16) (258.3) (269.8) Other depreciation and amortization (117.9) (119.3) Current EBITA 1 139.3 1 163.3 +2.1%NET INCOMENet income of €591.4 million up +73% in FY 2025; recurring net income of €678.5 million up +2.4%Operating income in the year stood at €1 061.6m (vs €845.9m in 2024)Amortization of intangible assets resulting from purchase price allocation amounted to €(45.6)m (vs €(35.7)m in 2024)  explained by recent acquisitions  notably TalleyOther income and expenses amounted to a net charge of €(56.2)m (vs a net charge of €(257.7)m in 2024  including the 124m€ fine booked in 2024) and notably included: €(41.1)m in restructuring mainly in Europe€36.0m in capital gains on disposals€(29.7)m in asset impairment  mainly in the UK€(20.4)m in other  including integration costs and pension buy-in in CanadaNet financial expenses in the year amounted to €(214.2)m (vs €(207.7)m in 2024)  and can be broken down as follows:€(141.9)m from financial costs stable compared to €(141.5)m in 2024  reflecting better cost of debt and higher gross debt. The effective interest rate decreased to 3.96% in 2025 from 4.35% in 2024€(72.2)m from interest on lease liabilities in 2025 vs €(66.2)m in 2024  reflecting impact from acquisitions and inflationIncome tax in the year represented a charge of €(256.0)m (vs €(297.2)m in 2024)The tax rate stood at 30.2% in 2025  including the impact of the exceptional tax in France of €23.5mThe normative tax rate stood at 30% in 2025  or 27% excluding the exceptional tax in FranceAs a result  net income in the year stood at €591.4m up +73% (vs €341.0m in 2024) and recurring net income amounted to €678.5m up +2.4% vs 2024 (see Appendix 3)FINANCIAL STRUCTUREFree cash-flow before interest and tax of €937.8m in 2025  excluding the French Authority fineIndebtedness ratio of 2.03x on December 31  2025In 2025  free cash flow before interest and tax reached €813.8m (vs €916.5m in 2024)  representing a free cash flow conversion rate (EBITDAaL into FCF before interest and taxes) of 66.3%. Excluding the €124m fine imposed by the French Competition Authority and paid in April 2025  FCF before interest and tax stood at €937.8m  representing a 76.4% conversion rate  above the average for the last four yearsThis included:EBITDAaL of €1 226.8m of which €(325.7)m of lease payments in 2025Operating cash flow of €1 189.2m  notably including €(68.9)m of other operating revenue and costsAn outflow of €(239.1)m from change in working capital (compared to an inflow of €34.3m in 2024) The change in trade working capital was an outflow of €(138.7)m. On a constant basis  trade Working Capital Requirements (TWCR) stood at 15.0% of sales in 2025  (vs 14.6% in 2024)  mainly related to the sales growth acceleration in Q4. In number of days  both Inventories & Receivables improved  partly offsetting deterioration in payables. DOI & DSO improved by respectively 1.5 and 1 day The change in non-trade working capital was an outflow of €(100.4)m  including the €(124)m French Competition Authority fine paid in April.Net capital expenditure of €(136.2)m (vs €(125.8)m in 2024). Gross capital expenditure represented 0.7% of sales  a broadly stable level year-on-year  with continued investment in digital  branches and supply-chain.Below FCF before interest and tax  the cash flow statement included:€(137.1)m in net interest paid in 2025 (vs €(129.6)m paid in 2024);€(270.6)m in income tax paid in 2025  compared to €(281.0)m paid in 2024;€(161.5)m in financial investment mainly including Warshauer  Schwing  Jacmar and Tecno Bi acquisitions  net of the inflow from disposals (Finland and New Zealand)€(354.6)m in dividends paid in 2025 based on 2024 earnings (€1.20 per share);€(100.0)m in share buybacks;€75.4m in currency effects (vs €(19.0)m in 2024) mainly due to the USD depreciationAt December 31  2025:Net financial debt increased by €147.6m year-on-year to €2 631.4m (vs €2 483.9m on December 31  2024)  including €28.6m for an earn-out for Talley and put option for Mavisun and Tecno-BI.increased by €147.6m year-on-year to €2 631.4m (vs €2 483.9m on December 31  2024)  including €28.6m for an earn-out for Talley and put option for Mavisun and Tecno-BI. The indebtedness ratio (net financial debt/EBITDAaL) stood at 2.03x  as c alculated under Senior Credit Agreement terms.Proposed dividend for 2025 at 1.20€ per shareRexel will propose to maintain the dividend at 1.20€ per share  to be paid fully in cash. This represents a payout of 52% of the Group’s recurring net income  in a high end of the policy of distributing at least 40% of recurring net income.This dividend  payable in cash on May 13th  2026 (ex-dividend date on May 11th)  is subject to the approval of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held in Paris on April 22  2026.OutlookIn 2026  we anticipate contrasted trends between the different regions  more specifically:Further growth in North America with: Macro uncertainties following the introduction of tariffs Less traction from sustainable electrification solutions Further progression in datacenter  lower contribution from broadband infrastructure Positive trends in industrial automation supported by new legislation ""One Beautiful Bill"" and reshoringImproving trends in Western Europe  especially in H2: Continued challenging environment with construction market at trough Lack of consumer confidence  amid macro and political uncertainties Easier comparison base for electrification trends Lower interest-rate environment starting to have positive impact on leading indicators in the residential market German infrastructure plan could be materialized in the second part of the yearSelling prices increase and opex inflation: Opex inflation to remain higher than selling price increase Carry-over of 2025 selling pricing in the US Potential additional price increases to reflect recent copper price increaseIn this uncertain overall environment  the priority will be to offset the cost inflation headwind and preserve our profitability  notably thanks toThe full-year effect of 2025 cost-reduction action plansNew 2026 savings actions kicking inIn this context  Rexel's expectations for full-year 2026 are as follows:Same-day sales growth between 3% and 5%Current adjusted EBITA margin 1 at c. 6.2%at c. 6.2% Free cash flow conversion2 above 65%Rexel’s medium-term ambitions remain unchangedSales growth potential of between 5% and 8%  with targeted M&A representing between 2% and 3%Current adjusted EBITA margin above 7%An average conversion rate of 65% of EBITDAaL into Free Cash Flow before interest and tax1 Excluding (i) amortization of PPA and (ii) the non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices.2 FCF Before interest and tax/EBITDAaLNB: The estimated impacts per quarter of (i) calendar effects by geography  (ii) changes in the consolidation scope and (iii) currency fluctuations (based on assumptions of average rates over the rest of the year for the Group's main currencies) are detailed in appendix 6CALENDARApril 22  2026 Q1 2026 salesApril 22  2026 Annual Shareholders' MeetingMay 11  2026 Detachment date of the dividendMay 13  2026 Dividend paymentFINANCIAL INFORMATIONFull year 2025 financial report is available on the Group’s website (www.rexel.com).A slideshow of the fourth quarter sales and full year 2025 results publication is also available on the Group’swebsite.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  non-residential  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  non-residential  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of 1 876 branches in 17 countries  with 26 306 employees. The Group’s sales were €19.4 billion in 2025.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: MSCI World  CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Sustainable Europe 120 and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2025  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS / INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSBrunswick: Laurence FROST +33 6 31 65 57 06 lfrost@brunswickgroup.comGLOSSARYCURRENT EBITA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes and Amortization) is defined as operating income before amortization of intangible assets recognized upon purchase price allocation and before other income and other expenses.CURRENT ADJUSTED EBITA is defined as current EBITA excluding the estimated non-recurring net impact from changes in copper-based cable prices.EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization) is defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization and before other income and other expenses.EBITDAaL is defined as EBITDA after deduction of lease payment following the adoption of IFRS16.RECURRING NET INCOME is defined as net income restated for non-recurring copper effect  other expenses and income  non-recurring financial expenses  net of tax effect associated with the above items.FREE CASH FLOW is defined as cash from operating activities minus net capital expenditure.NET DEBT is defined as financial debt less cash and cash equivalents. Net debt includes debt hedge derivatives.APPENDIXAppendix 1: Q4 and FY 2025 sales and current adjusted Ebita bridgeSALES BRIDGEQ4 Europe North America Asia-Pacific Group Reported sales 2024 2 390.3 2 187.7 315.1 4 893.1 +/- Net currency effect (0.1) % (8.1) % (7.4) % (4.1) % +/- Net scope effect (2.3) % +2.2% (6.9) % (0.6) % = Comparable sales 2024 2 333.6 2 058.1 269.8 4 661.4 +/- Actual-day organic growth  of which: +0.6% +9.4% +4.4% +4.7% Constant-same day excl. Cable price effect (0.3) % +6.5% +4.4% +3.0% Cable price effect +0.3% +1.4% +0.2% +0.8% Constant-same day incl. Cable price effect 0% +7.9% +4.5% +3.8% Calendar effect +0.6% +1.4% (0.1) % +0.9% = Reported sales 2025 2 348.3 2 251.2 281.6 4 881.1 YoY change (1.8) % +2.9% (10.6) % (0.2) %FY Europe North America Asia-Pacific Group Reported sales 2024 9 550.6 8 461.8 1 272.7 19 285.1 +/- Net currency effect +0.2% (4.5) % (5.1) % (2.2) % +/- Net scope effect (0.2) % +3.3% (7.5) % +0.9% = Comparable sales 2024 9 557.1 8 357.5 1 112.0 19 026.6 +/- Actual-day organic growth  of which: (1.6) % +6.6 % (0.7) % +2.0% Constant-same day excl. Cable price effect (1.3) % +5.7 % (0.6) % +1.8% Cable price effect +0.3 % +1.2 % +0.2 % +0.7% Constant-same day incl. Cable price effect (1.1) % +7.0 % (0.4) % +2.5% Calendar effect (0.5) % (0.4) % (0.3) % (0.5) % = Reported sales 2025 9 403.2 8 906.8 1 104.7 19 414.6 YoY change (1.5) % +5.3% (13.2) % +0.7%CURRENT EBITA BRIDGES:FROM FY 2024 CURRENT ADJUSTED EBITA TO FY 2024 ON A COMPARABLE BASISFY 2024 current adjusted EBITAFY 2024 copper effect @FY 2024 FX FY 2024 current EBITA FY 2025 FX Impact FY 2025 scope impact FY 2024 copper effect @FY 2025 FX FY 2024comparable current adjusted EBITA Rexel Group 1 131.7 7.6 1 139.3 (26.7) 32.0 (7.4) 1 137.2TO CURRENT ADJUSTED EBITA FROM FY 2024 TO FY 2025FY 2024 comparable current adjusted EBITAOrganic growth FY 2025 current adjusted EBITA FY 2025 copper effect FY 2025 current EBITA Rexel Group 1 137.2 20.6 1 157.8 5.5 1 163.3Appendix 2: Segment reporting – Constant and adjusted basis** Constant and adjusted = at comparable scope of consolidation and exchange rates  excluding the non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices and before amortization of purchase price allocation.The non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices was  at the EBITA level:Constant basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 Non-recurring copper effect at current EBITA level 7.4 5.5GROUP Constant and adjusted basis (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Change FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 4 661.4 4 881.1 +4.7% 19 026.6 19 414.6 +2.0% on a constant basis and same days +3.8% +2.5% Gross profit 4 752.4 4 867.7 +2.4% as a % of sales 25.0% 25.1% 9 bps Distribution & adm. expenses (incl. depreciation) (3 615.2) (3 709.9) +2.6% Current adj. EBITA 1 137.2 1 157.8 +1.8% as a % of sales 6.0% 6.0% -1 bps FTE (end of period) 26 860 26 306 (2.1) %EUROPE Constant and adjusted basis (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Change FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 2 333.6 2 348.3 +0.6% 9 557.1 9 403.2 (1.6) % on a constant basis and same days 0% (1.1) % France 935.7 978.9 +4.6% 3 714.5 3 756.2 +1.1% on a constant basis and same days +3.0% +1.5% DACH 547.6 524.6 (4.2) % 2 270.0 2 191.8 (3.4) % on a constant basis and same days (4.7) % (2.9) % Benelux 403.1 412.0 +2.2 % 1 561.2 1 553.5 (0.5) % on a constant basis and same days +2.6 % +0.1 % UK & Ireland 229.5 213.1 (7.1) % 1 029.3 945.3 (8.2) % on a constant basis and same days (6.7) % (7.7) % Nordics 155.7 155.2 (0.3) % 763.6 732.2 (4.1) % on a constant basis and same days (0.2) % (3.1) % Gross profit 2 535.7 2 514.8 (0.8) % as a % of sales 26.5% 26.7% 21 bps Distribution & adm. expenses (incl. depreciation) (1 976.7) (1 979.6) +0.1% Current adj. EBITA 559.0 535.2 (4.3) % as a % of sales 5.8% 5.7% -16 bps FTE (end of period) 14 489 13 865 (4.3) %NORTH AMERICA Constant and adjusted basis (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Change FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 2 058.1 2 251.2 +9.4% 8 357.5 8 906.8 +6.6% on a constant basis and same days +7.9% +7.0% United States 1 709.3 1 857.2 +8.7% 6 947.1 7 381.9 +6.3% on a constant basis and same days +6.9% +6.6% Canada 348.8 394.0 +13.0% 1 410.3 1 524.9 +8.1% on a constant basis and same days +12.9% +8.5% Gross profit 2 027.2 2 174.8 +7.3% as a % of sales 24.3% 24.4% 16 bps Distribution & adm. expenses (incl. depreciation) (1 438.7) (1 524.0) +5.9% Current adj. EBITA 588.4 650.8 +10.6% as a % of sales 7.0% 7.3% 27 bps FTE (end of period) 10 028 10 165 +1.4%ASIA-PACIFIC Constant and adjusted basis (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2025 Change FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 269.8 281.6 +4.4% 1 112.0 1 104.7 (0.7) % on a constant basis and same days +4.5% (0.4) % China 111.8 115.2 +3.1% 472.4 465.0 (1.6) % on a constant basis and same days +3.1% (1.6) % Australia 137.0 142.2 +3.8% 558.2 551.2 (1.2) % on a constant basis and same days +3.7% (0.9) % Inde 21.0 24.2 +15.1% 81.5 88.5 +8.6% on a constant basis and same days +16.9% +9.0% Gross profit 189.6 178.0 (6.1) % as a % of sales 17.0% 16.1% -93 bps Distribution & adm. expenses (incl. depreciation) (164.6) (165.4) +0.5% Current adj. EBITA 24.9 12.6 (49.4) % as a % of sales 2.2% 1.1% -110 bps FTE (end of period) 2 086 2 027 (2.8) %Appendix 3: Consolidated Financial StatementConsolidated Income StatementReported basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 19 285.1 19 414.6 +0.7% Gross profit 4 795.8 4 873.2 +1.6% as a % of sales 24.9% 25.1% Operating expenses (excl. depreciation) (3 280.2) (3 320.7) Depreciation (376.3) (389.2) Current EBITA 1 139.3 1 163.3 +2.1% as a % of sales 5.9% 6.0% Amortization of intangibles resulting from purchase price allocation (35.7) (45.6) Operating income bef. other inc. and exp. 1 103.6 1 117.7 +1.3% as a % of sales 5.7% 5.8% Other income and expenses (257.7) (56.2) Operating income 845.9 1 061.6 +25.5% Net financial expenses (207.7) (214.2) Net income (loss) before income tax 638.2 847.4 +32.8% Income tax (297.2) (256.0) Net income (loss) 341.0 591.4 +73.4%Bridge between Operating Income on a reported basis and current adjusted EBITAin €m FY 2024 FY 2025 Operating income on a reported basis 845.9 1 061.6 Other Incomes & expenses 257.7 56.2 Amortization of intangibles assets 35.7 45.6 Change in scope of consolidation 32.0 — Foreign exchange effects (26.7) — Current EBITA 1 144.6 1 163.3 Non-recurring effect related to copper (7.4) (5.5) Current adjusted EBITA on a constant basis 1 137.2 1 157.8Recurring Net Incomein €m FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Net income (as reported) 341.0 591.4 +73.4% Non-recurring copper effect (7.6) (5.5) Other expense & income 257.7 56.2 Financial expense 0.0 0.0 Tax expense 71.2 36.4 Recurring net income 662.3 678.5 +2 4%Sales and Profitability By SegmentReported basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 Change Sales 19 285.1 19 414.6 +0.7% Europe 9 550.6 9 403.2 (1.5) % North America 8 461.8 8 906.8 +5.3% Asia-Pacific 1 272.7 1 104.7 (13.2) % Gross profit 4 795.8 4 873.2 +1.6% Europe 2 526.4 2 515.2 (0.4) % North America 2 044.6 2 180.0 +6.6 % Asia-Pacific 224.7 178.0 (20.8) % Current EBITA 1 139.3 1 163.3 +2.1% Europe 556.6 535.5 (3.8) % North America 597.7 656.0 +9.8% Asia-Pacific 20.2 12.6 (37.7) % Other (35.2) (40.8) (16.0) %Consolidated Balance Sheet1Assets (reported basis in €m) December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Goodwill 3 978.4 3 907.6 Intangible assets 1 675.1 1 659.3 Property  plant & equipment 368.3 353.7 Right-of-use assets 1 381.4 1 342.2 Long-term investments 67.1 61.7 Deferred tax assets 23.3 30.7 Total non-current assets 7 493.5 7 355.2 Inventories 2 485.7 2 364.1 Trade receivables 2 694.4 2 682.0 Other receivables 818.6 927.7 Assets classified as held for sale 32.5 — Cash and cash equivalents 883.3 1 037.5 Total current assets 6 914.6 7 011.3 Total assets 14 408.2 14 366.6Liabilities (reported basis in €m) December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Total equity 5 569.9 5 405.7 Long-term debt 2 330.0 2 934.2 Lease liabilities (non-current part) 1 277.6 1 248.2 Deferred tax liabilities 295.7 309.4 Other non-current liabilities 219.2 315.5 Total non-current liabilities 4 122.5 4 807.4 Interest bearing debt & accrued int. 890.8 691.1 Lease liabilities (current part) 243.7 240.1 Trade payables 2 305.4 2 170.9 Other payables 1 239.2 1 051.3 Liabilities rel. to assets held for sale 36.6 — Total current liabilities 4 715.7 4 153.5 Total liabilities 8 838.2 8 960.9 Total equity & liabilities 14 408.2 14 366.61 Including:Debt hedge derivatives for €16.5m at December 31  2025 and for €21.3m at December 31  2024 ; andAccrued interest receivables for €(1.4)m at December 31  2025 and for €(2.7)m at December 31  2024.Change in Net DebtReported basis (€m) FY 2024 FY 2025 EBITDA 1 515.6 1 552.5 Lease payments (311.3) (325.7) EBITDAaL 1 204.3 1 226.8 Other operating revenues & costs1 2 (196.3) (37.6) Operating cash-flow 1 008.0 1 189.2 Change in working capital1 34.3 (239.1) Net capital expenditure  of which: (125.8) (136.2) Gross capital expenditure (135.9) (143.1) Disposal of fixed assets 6.2 9.2 Free cash-flow before int. & tax 916.5 813.8 Free cash flow conversion (% of EBITDAaL) 76% 66% Net interest paid / received (129.6) (137.1) Income tax paid (281.0) (270.6) Free cash-flow after int. & tax 506.0 406.1 Net financial investment (439.6) (161.5) Dividends paid (357.2) (354.6) Net change in equity (102.0) (96.6) Other (110.6) (16.3) Currency exchange variation (19.0) 75.4 Decrease (increase) in net debt (522.3) (147.5) Net debt at the beginning of the period 1 961.5 2 483.9 Net debt at the end of the period 2 483.9 2 631.41 Includes the impact of the €124m of the French Competition fine recognized in P&L in 2024 and paid in 20252 Includes restructuring and integration outflows of €35.3m in 2025 vs €17.1m in 2024Appendix 4: Working Capital AnalysisConstant basis December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Net inventories as a % of sales 12 rolling months 12.5% 12.4% as a number of days 58.3 56.7 Net trade receivables as a % of sales 12 rolling months 13.4% 13.7% as a number of days 47.3 46.2 Net trade payables as a % of sales 12 rolling months 11.4% 11.2% as a number of days 47.7 45.6 Trade working capital as a % of sales 12 rolling months 14.6% 15.0% Total working capital as a % of sales 12 rolling months 12.8% 14.3%Appendix 5: Headcount and branches by geographyFTEs at end of period comparable December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Year-on-Year Change Europe 14 489 13 865 (4.3) % USA 7 873 7 900 +0.3% Canada 2 155 2 265 +5.1% North America 10 028 10 165 +1.4% Asia-Pacific 2 086 2 027 (2.8) % Other 258 249 (3.5) % Group 26 860 26 306 (2.1) %Branches December 31  2024 December 31  2025 Year-on-Year Change Europe 1 047 1 031 (1.5) % USA 468 463 (1.1) % Canada 193 197 +2.1% North America 661 660 (0.2) % Asia-Pacific 189 185 (2.1) % Group 1 897 1 876 (1.1) %Appendix 6: Calendar  scope and currency effects on salesBased on the assumption  that exchange rates (as of February 4th) remain unchanged until year end: € 1.00 = USD 1.18 € 1.00 = CAD 1.61 € 1.00 = AUD 1.68 € 1.00 = GBP 0.86 and based on acquisitions/divestments to date  2025 sales should take into account the following estimated impacts to be comparable to 2026: Q1e Q2e Q3e Q4e FYe Scope effect at Group level -0.8 -37.5 -38.5 0.0 -76.8 as % of 2025 sales —% (0.8) % (0.8%) —% (0.4%) Currency effect at Group level -221.4 -80.6 5.0 -7.8 -304.8 as % of 2025 sales (4.6) % (1.6) % 0.1 % (0.2) % (1.6) % Calendar effect at Group level (0.9) % 0.1 % 0.5 % 1.0 % 0.2 % Europe (0.5) % 0.2 % 1.1 % 0.7 % 0.4 % USA (1.7) % (0.1) % (0.1) % 1.7 % — % Canada — % — % — % — % — % North America (1.4) % (0.1) % (0.1) % 1.4 % — % Asia 0.2 % — % — % (0.2) % — % Pacific — % 1.3 % — % (0.2) % 0.3 % Asia-Pacific 0.1 % 0.6 % — % (0.2) % 0.1 %Appendix 7: Historical copper price evolutionFor the graph  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.USD/t Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY 2023 8 959 8 476 8 401 8 249 8 523 2024 8 540 9 873 9 340 9 318 9 266 2025 9 419 9 472 9 865 11 104 9 973 2023 vs 2022 (10)% (11)% 9% 3% (3)% 2024 vs 2023 (5)% 17% 11% 13% 9% 2025 vs 2024 10% (4)% 6% 19% 8%€/t Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY 2023 8 348 7 784 7 718 7 672 7 883 2024 7 865 9 171 8 507 8 721 8 564 2025 8 949 8 354 8 445 9 543 8 826 2023 vs. 2022 (6)% (13)% 1% (2)% (5)% 2024 vs. 2023 (6)% 18% 10% 14% 9% 2025 vs.2024 14% (9)% (1)% 9% 3%DISCLAIMERThe Group is exposed to fluctuations in copper prices in connection with its distribution of cable products. Cables accounted for approximately 16% of the Group's sales and copper accounts for approximately 60% of the composition of cables. This exposure is indirect since cable prices also reflect copper suppliers' commercial policies and the competitive environment in the Group's markets. Changes in copper prices have an estimated so-called ""recurring"" effect and an estimated so called ""non-recurring"" effect on the Group's performance assessed as part of the monthly internal reporting process of the Rexel Group: i) the recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the change in value of the copper part included in the sales price of cables from one period to another. This effect mainly relates to the Group’s sales; ii) the non-recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the effect of copper price variations on the sales price of cables between the time they are purchased and the time they are sold  until all such inventory has been sold (direct effect on gross profit). Practically  the non-recurring effect on gross profit is determined by comparing the historical purchase price for copper-based cable and the supplier price effective at the date of the sale of the cables by the Rexel Group. Additionally  the non-recurring effect on current EBITA corresponds to the non-recurring effect on gross profit  which may be offset  when appropriate  by the non-recurring portion of changes in the distribution and administrative expenses.The impact of these two effects is assessed for as much of the Group’s total cable sales as possible  over each period. Group procedures require that entities that do not have the information systems capable of such exhaustive calculations to estimate these effects based on a sample representing at least 70% of the sales in the period. The results are then extrapolated to all cables sold during the period for that entity. Considering the sales covered. the Rexel Group considers such estimates of the impact of the two effects to be reasonable.This document may contain statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements. By their nature  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in the Universal Registration Document registered with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on March 10  2025 under number D.25-0084. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of Rexel's future performance  Rexel's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity as well as development of the industry in which Rexel operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this release. The forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this communication and Rexel does not undertake  unless required by law or regulation  to update any of the forward-looking statements after this date to conform such statements to actual results to reflect the occurrence of anticipated results or otherwise.The market and industry data and forecasts included in this document were obtained from internal surveys  estimates  experts and studies  where appropriate  as well as external market research  publicly available information and industry publications. Rexel  its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees have not independently verified the accuracy of any such market and industry data and forecasts and make no representations or warranties in relation thereto. Such data and forecasts are included herein for information purposes only.This document includes only summary information and must be read in conjunction with Rexel’s Universal Registration Document registered with the AMF on March 10  2025 under number D.25-0084  as well as the financial statements and consolidated result and activity report for the 2025 fiscal year which may be obtained from Rexel’s website (www.rexel.com).Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.65,0.35,0.0,True,English,"['Press release Q4 sales', 'FY 2025 results', 'Rexel', 'Erratum', '€124m French Competition Authority fine', 'strong track record Share buyback', 'Free cash flow conversion', 'Actual FY 2025 YoY change', '3% to 5% same-day sales growth', 'full year 2025 financial report', 'Sequential sales growth improvement', 'current adjusted EBITA margin', 'deeper productivity initiatives', 'robust balance sheet', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'successful Talley integration', 'deeper transformation initiatives', 'next three years', 'rapid cost adaptation', 'significant cost resets', 'key accounts organization', 'consolidated financial statements', 'third consecutive year', 'third straight year', 'Active acquisitions strategy', 'portfolio management strategy', 'Main FY 2025 figures', 'recurring net income', 'Stable Current EBITA', 'Structural cost actions', 'Axelerate 2028 strategic plan', '296 million outstanding shares', 'market share gains', 'quarter Q4 sales', 'FY 25 sales growth', 'sequential improvement', 'strong momentum', 'organic growth', 'profitable growth', 'adjusted basis', 'cost efficiency', 'Financial review', 'capital gains', '307 million shares', 'self-help actions', 'structural electrification', 'Net Debt', 'operating income', 'market outperformance', 'same-day basis', 'key countries', 'Key figures1', 'FY 2025 results', 'geographies Meeting', 'full-year objectives', 'positive momentum', 'regions Continued', 'class services', 'margin resilience', 'challenging environment', 'opex inflation', 'average FTE', 'exceptional items', 'asset impairment', 'cash-generative model', 'indebtedness ratio', 'M&A', 'value-creating acquisitions', 'New Zealand', '52% payout ratio', 'Guillaume TEXIER', 'macroeconomic headwinds', 'solid performance', 'business model', 'North America', 'high-growth verticals', 'broadband infrastructure', 'several countries', 'demanding conditions', 'same time', 'digital platforms', 'ongoing benefits', 'AI-driven opportunities', 'press release', 'audit procedures', 'Statutory Auditors', 'following terms', 'Glossary section', 'same number', 'working days', 'actual-day basis', 'medium-term ambitions', 'disciplined execution', 'new Rexel', '2028 implementation', 'fruit', 'trends', 'digitalization', 'France', 'Canada', 'Austria', 'Sweden', 'volume', 'restructuring', 'disposals', 'impact', 'April', 'guidance', 'shareholders', 'divestment', 'activities', 'Finland', 'dividend', 'mid', '2026 outlook', 'Confirmation', 'commitment', 'teams', 'strength', 'markets', 'datacenters', 'Europe', 'Group', 'excellence', 'confidence', 'period', 'progress', 'December', 'February', 'issue', 'Board', 'Directors', 'document', 'EBITDA', 'comments', 'constant', 'EBITA2', 'percentage', 'FCF', 'intere', '66', '2.0', '1.20']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
54971,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/11/3235907/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-Q4-revenue-growth-of-1-with-solid-operating-margin-and-EPS-expansion-Initiating-2026-revenue-guidance-of-3-5-growth.html,Dassault Systèmes: Q4 revenue growth of 1% with solid operating margin and EPS expansion Initiating 2026 revenue guidance of 3-5% growth,Press Release  VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 11  2026  Dassault Systèmes: Q4 revenue growth of 1% with solid operating margin and EPS expansion ...,"Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 11  2026Dassault Systèmes: Q4 revenue growth of 1% with solid operating margin and EPS expansionInitiating 2026 revenue guidance of 3-5% growthDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today reports its IFRS unaudited estimated financial results for the fourth quarter 2025 and full-year ended December 31  2025. The Group’s Board of Directors approved these estimated results on February 10  2026. This press release also includes financial information on a non-IFRS basis and reconciliations with IFRS figures in the Appendix.Summary Highlights1(unaudited  IFRS & non-IFRS unless otherwise noted all growth rates in constant currencies)4Q25 total revenue up 1% against a high comparison base  at the low end of objectivesFY25 total revenue up 4%  with recurring revenue up 6%  driven by subscription revenue growth of 11%FY25 3D EXPERIENCE and Cloud revenue up 10% and 8% respectively  driven by strategic contract gainsEXPERIENCE and Cloud revenue up 10% and 8% respectively  driven by strategic contract gains 4Q25 & FY25 non-IFRS operating margin of 37.0% and 32.0% respectively  increasing 90 bps and 40 bps respectively in constant currencies  with non-IFRS diluted EPS up 9% in 4Q25 and up 7% in FY25Aligning the organization to focus on strategic priorities and executionInitiating FY26 non-IFRS outlook: total revenue growth of 3% to 5%  operating margin between 32.2% and 32.6%  and diluted EPS of €1.30 - €1.34As customers accelerate their adoption to subscription and Cloud  we are introducing Annual Run Rate reporting in 2026 - providing clear visibility into the health and momentum of our recurring revenue baseAI-powered Virtual Twins showing early traction and demonstrating strong customer value; building a strategic partnership with NVIDIA to establish new Industry World Models at scaleDassault Systèmes’ Chief Executive Officer CommentaryPascal Daloz  Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Executive Officer  commented:“At Dassault Systèmes  our ambition is clear: we will lead the Industrial AI transformation through 3D UNIV+RSES. This is not a short-term goal. It is a long-term commitment to redefine how industries innovate  operate  and compete. Our vision is built on decades of industrial and scientific knowledge and know-how  and we are now building the capabilities to turn that vision into reality. True transformation takes time  for our customers and for ourselves.Leadership in Industrial AI starts with strong foundations. That is why  in 2025 and 2026  we are focused on disciplined execution  aligning resources around our strategic priorities to deliver measurable  industry-defining impact.We continue to win with existing customers and displace competitors. In Life Sciences  the opportunity is transformative: moving from document-based processes to the Virtual Twin of Pharma  a game-changing approach unlocking unprecedented efficiency  quality  and compliance.In just one year  we have launched three categories of AI-native generative solutions: Virtual Companions  Generative Experiences  and Virtual Twins as a Service. In 2026  we shift to turning 3D UNIV+RSES into tangible value  targeting high-impact opportunities with long-term monetization. Our partnership with NVIDIA exemplifies our leadership  combining virtual twins with accelerated computing to define the future of Industry World Models.We will share more at our Capital Markets Day in November  outlining how Dassault Systèmes is leading the next Industrial Revolution for long-term success.”Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Financial Officer Commentary(revenue  operating margin and diluted EPS (“EPS”) growth rates in constant currencies data on a non-IFRS basis)Rouven Bergmann  Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Financial Officer  commented:“In 2025  total revenue increased 4% at the low end of our objective. The momentum of 3DEXPERIENCE and Cloud continued  reflecting the health of our core business. This is highlighted by solid performance in the Americas and consistent growth in Asia. However  in parts of Europe  we faced headwinds due to a weak Automotive sector.In Mainstream Innovation  SOLIDWORKS had a good year  building momentum. As expected  CENTRIC PLM performance was negatively impacted by a strong baseline. Cloud adoption progressed well in the second half  paving the way for future growth acceleration.We delivered good profitability in Q4 and the full year  thanks to operational efficiency and cost discipline. As a result  operating margin was up 90 basis points for Q4  driving the full year to 32.0%  up 40 basis points  and diluted EPS to €1.31  up 7%.Entering 2026  we are building new levers of growth and profitability by introducing unique Industrial AI offerings and value-based monetization models. As customers embrace new business models  we expect subscription revenue to accelerate. Consequently  we are starting to report an Annual Run Rate (ARR) in 2026 to provide better visibility in our journey ahead.This transformation takes time  and disciplined execution requires that we create room to make the right decisions for long-term success. We anticipate 2026 total revenue growth between 3% and 5%  operating margin expansion of 40-80 basis points and EPS up 3% to 6%.”Financial SummaryIn millions of Euros except per share data and percentagesIFRS IFRS Q4 2025 Q4 2024 Change Change in constant currencies YTD 2025 YTD 2024 Change Change in constant currencies Total Revenue 1 681.0 1 754.2 (4)% 1% 6 235.8 6 213.6 0% 4% Software Revenue 1 521.9 1 601.5 (5)% 0% 5 641.0 5 613.3 0% 4% Operating Margin 30.1% 27.6% +2.6pts 21.7% 21.9% (0.2)pt Diluted EPS 0.33 0.30 11% 0.90 0.90 0%In millions of Euros except per share data and percentagesNon-IFRS Non-IFRS Q4 2025 Q4 2024 Change Change in constant currencies YTD 2025 YTD 2024 Change Change in constant currencies Total Revenue 1 682.0 1 754.2 (4%) 1% 6 239.6 6 213.6 0% 4% Software Revenue 1 522.8 1 601.5 (5%) 0% 5 644.9 5 613.3 1% 4% Operating Margin 37.0% 36.3% +0.7pt 32.0% 31.9% +0.0pt Diluted EPS 0.40 0.40 1% 9% 1.31 1.28 2% 7%Fourth Quarter 2025 Versus 2024 Financial Comparisons(unaudited  IFRS and non-IFRS unless otherwise noted all revenue growth rates in constant currencies)Total Revenue: Total revenue in the fourth quarter grew 1% to €1.68 billion  and software revenue was flat to €1.52 billion. Subscription & support revenue rose 3%; recurring revenue represented 76% of software revenue  up 1 percentage point compared to last year. Licenses and other software revenue was down 7% to €358 million. Services revenue increased 11% to €159 million  during the quarter.Total revenue in the fourth quarter grew 1% to €1.68 billion  and software revenue was flat to €1.52 billion. Subscription & support revenue rose 3%; recurring revenue represented 76% of software revenue  up 1 percentage point compared to last year. Licenses and other software revenue was down 7% to €358 million. Services revenue increased 11% to €159 million  during the quarter. Software Revenue by Geography: The Americas revenue increased by 3%  with good dynamic in High-Tech and Transportation & Mobility and Home & Lifestyle. The Americas represented 37% of software revenue. Europe (42% of software revenue) decreased by 5% against a strong base of comparison particularly in France  Germany and Southern Europe  while experiencing a good momentum in Northern Europe. Asia (21% of software revenue) delivered a robust performance  up 6%  driven by Transportation & Mobility and High-Tech  with strong growth in Korea and good performance in Japan  while experiencing softness in China.The Americas revenue increased by 3%  with good dynamic in High-Tech and Transportation & Mobility and Home & Lifestyle. The Americas represented 37% of software revenue. Europe (42% of software revenue) decreased by 5% against a strong base of comparison particularly in France  Germany and Southern Europe  while experiencing a good momentum in Northern Europe. Asia (21% of software revenue) delivered a robust performance  up 6%  driven by Transportation & Mobility and High-Tech  with strong growth in Korea and good performance in Japan  while experiencing softness in China. Software Revenue by Product Line:Industrial Innovation software revenue rose 1% to €880 million  with good traction of SIMULIA and ENOVIA  and resilience of CATIA. However  the growth was impacted by a strong baseline. Industrial Innovation software represented 58% of software revenue  during the period.Life Sciences software revenue was down 4% at €264 million  to account for 17% of software revenue. MEDIDATA continued to face headwinds with lower study volume.Mainstream Innovation software revenue increased by 1% to €380 million in non-IFRS (€379 million in IFRS)  and represented 25% of software revenue. SOLIDWORKS continued to experience good growth  while CENTRIC PLM was impacted by strong baseline while accelerating Cloud adoption for future growth.Software Revenue by Industry: Transportation & Mobility  High-Tech and Industrial Equipment were the main contributors to growth this quarter.Transportation & Mobility  High-Tech and Industrial Equipment were the main contributors to growth this quarter. Key Strategic Drivers: 3D EXPERIENCE software revenue decreased 3% and represented 44% of 3D EXPERIENCE Eligible software revenue. As expected  despite several strategic 3D EXPERIENCE deals  the fourth quarter was impacted by a strong comparison base  with weak Automotive sector in Europe. Cloud software revenue grew 9%  representing 24% of software revenue during the period. 3D EXPERIENCE Cloud revenue rose by 38%.EXPERIENCE software revenue decreased 3% and represented 44% of EXPERIENCE Eligible software revenue. As expected  despite several strategic EXPERIENCE deals  the fourth quarter was impacted by a strong comparison base  with weak Automotive sector in Europe. Cloud software revenue grew 9%  representing 24% of software revenue during the period. EXPERIENCE Cloud revenue rose by 38%. Operating Income and Margin : IFRS operating income increased 5%  to €506 million  as reported. Non-IFRS operating income decreased 2% at €622 million  as reported. The IFRS operating margin stood at 30.1% compared to 27.6% in the fourth quarter of 2024. The non-IFRS operating margin totaled 37.0%  versus 36.3% in the same period of last year.: IFRS operating income increased 5%  to €506 million  as reported. Non-IFRS operating income decreased 2% at €622 million  as reported. The IFRS operating margin stood at 30.1% compared to 27.6% in the fourth quarter of 2024. The non-IFRS operating margin totaled 37.0%  versus 36.3% in the same period of last year. Earnings per Share: IFRS diluted EPS was €0.33  increasing 11% as reported. Non-IFRS diluted EPS grew to €0.40  up 1% as reported and up 9% in constant currencies.Fiscal 2025 Versus 2024 Financial Comparisons(unaudited  IFRS and non-IFRS unless otherwise noted all revenue growth rates in constant currencies)Total Revenue: Total revenue increased 4% to €6.24 billion  and software revenue increased 4% to €5.64 billion. Subscription and support revenue rose 6% to €4.62 billion; recurring revenue represented 82% of total software revenue  compared to 80% in 2024. Licenses and other software revenue decreased 6% to €1.02 billion. Services revenue was up 2% to €595 million.Total revenue increased 4% to €6.24 billion  and software revenue increased 4% to €5.64 billion. Subscription and support revenue rose 6% to €4.62 billion; recurring revenue represented 82% of total software revenue  compared to 80% in 2024. Licenses and other software revenue decreased 6% to €1.02 billion. Services revenue was up 2% to €595 million. Software Revenue by Geography: The Americas grew 5%  Europe increased 2% and Asia was up 5%  representing respectively 39%  38% and 22% of software revenue.The Americas grew 5%  Europe increased 2% and Asia was up 5%  representing respectively 39%  38% and 22% of software revenue. Software Revenue by Product Line:Industrial Innovation software revenue rose 6% to €3.13 billion and represented 56% of software revenue. CATIA  SIMULIA and ENOVIA were the strongest contributors to growth.Life Sciences software revenue decreased 2% to €1.08 billion  representing 19% of software revenue.Mainstream Innovation software revenue increased by 2% to €1.43 billion. Mainstream Innovation represented 25% of software revenue. SOLIDWORKS had a good year  building momentum.Software Revenue by Industry: Transport & Mobility  High-Tech and Industrial Equipment were the strongest contributors to growth.Transport & Mobility  High-Tech and Industrial Equipment were the strongest contributors to growth. Key Strategic Drivers: 3D EXPERIENCE software revenue increased by 10%  representing 41% of 3D EXPERIENCE Eligible software revenue. Cloud software revenue grew 8% in non-IFRS (7% in IFRS)  and represented 25% of software revenue. 3D EXPERIENCE Cloud software revenue increased 32% in constant currencies.EXPERIENCE software revenue increased by 10%  representing 41% of EXPERIENCE Eligible software revenue. Cloud software revenue grew 8% in non-IFRS (7% in IFRS)  and represented 25% of software revenue. EXPERIENCE Cloud software revenue increased 32% in constant currencies. Operating Income and Margin: IFRS operating income was flat  to €1.35 billion  as reported. Non-IFRS operating income was stable  to €1.99 billion  as reported. IFRS operating margin totaled 21.7% compared to 21.9% in 2024. Non-IFRS operating margin stood at 32.0% in 2025  compared to 31.9% last year.IFRS operating income was flat  to €1.35 billion  as reported. Non-IFRS operating income was stable  to €1.99 billion  as reported. IFRS operating margin totaled 21.7% compared to 21.9% in 2024. Non-IFRS operating margin stood at 32.0% in 2025  compared to 31.9% last year. Earnings per Share : IFRS diluted EPS was €0.90  stable as reported. Non-IFRS diluted EPS grew by 2% to €1.31  as reported  or 7% in constant currencies.: IFRS diluted EPS was €0.90  stable as reported. Non-IFRS diluted EPS grew by 2% to €1.31  as reported  or 7% in constant currencies. Cash Flow from Operations (IFRS): Cash flow from operations totaled €1.63 billion compared to €1.66 billion last year. Cash flow from operations was principally used for the acquisition of Contentserv for €189 million  net repurchase of Treasury Shares for €340 million  dividend payments for €343 million and increase in the stake in Centric Software for €252 million.Cash flow from operations totaled €1.63 billion compared to €1.66 billion last year. Cash flow from operations was principally used for the acquisition of Contentserv for €189 million  net repurchase of Treasury Shares for €340 million  dividend payments for €343 million and increase in the stake in Centric Software for €252 million. Balance Sheet (IFRS): Dassault Systèmes’ net financial position totaled €1.53 billion as of December 31  2025 compared to €1.46 billion last year. Cash and cash equivalents totaled €4.13 billion as of December 31  2025.Dassault Systèmes’ net financial position totaled €1.53 billion as of December 31  2025 compared to €1.46 billion last year. Cash and cash equivalents totaled €4.13 billion as of December 31  2025. Annual Run rate (ARR): As previewed at Dassault Systèmes’ Capital Markets Day in June last year  the Company is introducing ARR as a key metric to reflect its continued transition toward a subscription and Cloud-based business model. Dassault Systèmes defines ARR as the annual value of all recurring customer commitments at the end of the reporting period – it includes all active software subscriptions  Cloud/Saas  hosting & support contracts at the end of the reporting period. ARR is a snapshot of twelve months of recurring value derived from all active contracts  providing a clearer view of Dassault Systèmes subscription trajectory and the momentum of its recurring business. ARR is designed to reflect business performance in a SaaS-like model eliminating volatility due to revenue recognition. In the fourth quarter  ARR grew 6% year-over-year to reach €4.50 billion.Financial Objectives for 2026Dassault Systèmes’ first quarter and 2026 financial objectives presented below are given on a non-IFRS basis and reflect the principal 2026 currency exchange rate assumptions for the US dollar and Japanese yen as well as the potential impact from additional non-Euro currencies:Q1 2026 FY 2026 Total Revenue (billion) €1.481 - €1.541 €6.290 - €6.410 Growth (6) - (2)% 1 - 3% Growth ex FX 1 - 5% 3 - 5% Software revenue growth * 1 - 5% 3 - 5% Of which licenses and other software revenue growth * 0 - 8% (1)% - 2% Of which recurring revenue growth * 1 - 4% 5 - 6% Services revenue growth *4 - 10% 2 - 6% Operating Margin 29.2% - 30.7% 32.2% - 32.6% Diluted EPS €0.28 - €0.31 €1.30 - €1.34 Growth (11) - (3)% (1) - 2% Growth ex FX (2) - 6% 3 - 6% US dollar $1.18 per Euro $1.18 per Euro Japanese yen (before hedging) JPY 170.0 per Euro JPY 170.0 per Euro * Growth in Constant CurrenciesThese objectives are prepared and communicated only on a non-IFRS basis and are subject to the cautionary statement set forth below.The 2026 non-IFRS financial objectives set forth above do not take into account the following accounting elements below and are estimated based upon the 2026 principal currency exchange rates above: contract liabilities write-downs was not significant; share-based compensation expenses  including related social charges  estimated at approximately €116 million (these estimates do not include any new stock option or share grants issued after December 31  2025); amortization of acquired intangibles and of tangibles reevaluation  estimated at approximately €313 million  largely impacted by the acquisition of MEDIDATA; and lease incentives of acquired companies at approximately €1 million.The above objectives also do not include any impact from other operating income and expenses  net principally comprised of acquisition  integration and restructuring expenses  and impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets; from one-time items included in financial revenue; from one-time tax effects; and from the income tax effects of these non-IFRS adjustments. Finally  these estimates do not include any new acquisitions or restructuring completed after December 31  2025.Corporate AnnouncementsToday’s Webcast and Conference Call InformationToday  Wednesday  February 11  2026  Dassault Systèmes will host in Paris a webcasted presentation at 9:00 AM London Time / 10:00 AM Paris time  and will then host a conference call at 9:00 AM New York time / 2:00 PM London time / 3:00 PM Paris time. The webcasted presentation and conference calls will be available online by accessing investor.3ds.com.Additional investor information is available at investor.3ds.com or by calling Dassault Systèmes’ Investor Relations at +33.1.61.62.69.24.Investor Relations EventsFirst Quarter 2026 Earnings Release: April 23  2026Second Quarter 2026 Earnings Release: July 24  2026Third Quarter 2026 Earnings Release: October 28  2026Capital Markets Day: November 2026Forwad-looking InformationStatements herein that are not historical facts but express expectations or objectives for the future  including but not limited to statements regarding the Group’s non-IFRS financial performance objectives are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on Dassault Systèmes management's current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results or performances may differ materially from those in such statements due to a range of factors.The Group’s actual results or performance may be materially negatively affected by numerous risks and uncertainties  as described in the “Risk Factors” section 1.9 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document (‘Document d'enregistrement universel’) filed with the AMF (French Financial Markets Authority) on March 18  2025  available on the Group’s website www.3ds.com.In particular  please refer to the risk factor “Uncertain Global Environment” in section 1.9.1.1 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document set out below for ease of reference:“In light of the uncertainties regarding economic  business  social  health and geopolitical conditions at the global level  Dassault Systèmes’ revenue  net earnings and cash flows may grow more slowly  whether on an annual or quarterly basis  mainly due to the following factors:the deployment of Dassault Systèmes’ solutions may represent a large portion of a customer’s investments in software technology. Decisions to make such an investment are impacted by the economic environment in which the customers operate. Uncertain global geopolitical  economic and health conditions and the lack of visibility or the lack of financial resources may cause some customers  e.g. within the automotive  aerospace  energy or natural resources industries  to reduce  postpone or cancel their investments  or to reduce or not renew ongoing paid maintenance for their installed base  which impact larger customers’ revenue with their respective sub-contractors;the political  economic and monetary situation in certain geographic regions where Dassault Systèmes operates could become more volatile and negatively affect Dassault Systèmes’ business  and in particular its revenue  for example  due to stricter export compliance rules or the introduction of new customs barriers or controls on the exchange of goods and services;continued pressure or volatility on raw materials and energy prices could also slow down Dassault Systèmes’ diversification efforts in new industries;uncertainties regarding the extent and duration of cost inflation could adversely affect the financial position of Dassault Systèmes; andthe sales cycle of the Dassault Systèmes’ products – already relatively long due to the strategic nature of such investments for customers – could further lengthen.The occurrence of crises – health and political crises in particular – could have consequences both for the health and safety of Dassault Systèmes’ employees and for the Company. It could also adversely impact the financial situation or financing and supply capabilities of Dassault Systèmes’ existing and potential customers  commercial and technology partners  some of whom may be forced to temporarily close sites or to cease operations. A deteriorating economic environment could generate increased price pressure and affect the collection of receivables  which would negatively affect Dassault Systèmes’ revenue  financial performance and market position.Dassault Systèmes makes every effort to take into consideration this uncertain outlook. Dassault Systèmes’ business results  however  may not develop as anticipated. Furthermore  due to factors affecting sales of Dassault Systèmes’ products and services  there may be a substantial time lag between an improvement in global economic and business conditions and an upswing in the Company’s business results.”In preparing such forward-looking statements  the Group has in particular assumed an average US dollar to euro exchange rate of US$1.18 per €1.00 as well as an average Japanese yen to euro exchange rate of JPY170.0 to €1.00  before hedging for the first quarter 2026. The Group has assumed an average US dollar to euro exchange rate of US$1.18 per €1.00 as well as an average Japanese yen to euro exchange rate of JPY170.0 to €1.00  before hedging for the full year 2026. However  currency values fluctuate  and the Group’s results may be significantly affected by changes in exchange rates.Non-IFRS Financial InformationReaders are cautioned that the supplemental non-IFRS financial information presented in this press release is subject to inherent limitations. It is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for IFRS measurements. The supplemental non-IFRS financial information should be read only in conjunction with the Company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. Furthermore  the Group’s supplemental non-IFRS financial information may not be comparable to similarly titled “non-IFRS” measures used by other companies. Specific limitations for individual non-IFRS measures are set forth in the Company’s 2024 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on March 18  2025.In the tables accompanying this press release the Group sets forth its supplemental non-IFRS figures for revenue  operating income  operating margin  net income and diluted earnings per share  which exclude the effect of adjusting the carrying value of acquired companies’ deferred revenue  share-based compensation expense and related social charges  the amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangibles reevaluation  certain other operating income and expense  net  including impairment of goodwill and acquired intangibles  the effect of adjusting lease incentives of acquired companies  certain one-time items included in financial revenue and other  net  and the income tax effect of the non-IFRS adjustments and certain one-time tax effects. The tables also set forth the most comparable IFRS financial measure and reconciliations of this information with non-IFRS information.FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  370 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact.For more information  visit www.3ds.com.Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingMarie Dumas : +33 1 61 62 70 92 Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48investors@3ds.com Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600Dassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud MALHERBEarnaud.malherbe@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 87 73© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are owned by their respective owners. Use of any Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries trademarks is subject to their express written approval.APPENDIX TABLE OF CONTENTSDue to rounding  numbers presented throughout this and other documents may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.Glossary of DefinitionsNon-IFRS Financial InformationAcquisitions and Foreign Exchange ImpactCondensed consolidated statements of incomeCondensed consolidated balance sheetCondensed consolidated cash flow statementIFRS – non-IFRS reconciliationDASSAULT SYSTÈMES - Glossary of DefinitionsInformation in Constant CurrenciesDassault Systèmes has followed a long-standing policy of measuring its revenue performance and setting its revenue objectives exclusive of currency in order to measure in a transparent manner the underlying level of improvement in its total revenue and software revenue by activity  industry  geography and product lines. The Group believes it is helpful to evaluate its growth exclusive of currency impacts  particularly to help understand revenue trends in its business. Therefore  the Group provides percentage increases or decreases in its revenue and expenses (in both IFRS and non-IFRS) to eliminate the effect of changes in currency values  particularly the U.S. dollar and the Japanese yen  relative to the euro. When trend information is expressed ""in constant currencies""  the results of the ""prior"" period have first been recalculated using the average exchange rates of the comparable period in the current year  and then compared with the results of the comparable period in the current year.While constant currency calculations are not considered to be an IFRS measure  the Group believes these measures are critical to understanding its global revenue results and to compare with many of its competitors who report their financial results in U.S. dollars. Therefore  Dassault Systèmes includes this calculation to compare IFRS and non-IFRS revenue figures for comparable periods. All information at constant currencies is expressed as a rounded percentage and therefore may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.Information on Growth excluding acquisitions (“organic growth”)In addition to financial indicators relating to the Group’s entire scope  Dassault Systèmes also provides growth information excluding acquisitions’ effects  and named organic growth. To do so  the Group’s data is restated to exclude acquisitions  from the date of the transaction  over a period of 12 months.Information on Industrial SectorsDassault Systèmes provides end-to-end software solutions and services: its 3D UNIV+RSES ─ made of multiple virtual twin experiences that are powered by artificial intelligence and developed on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform ─ combine modeling  simulation  data science  and collaborative innovation to support companies in the three sectors it serves  namely Manufacturing Industries  Life Sciences & Healthcare  and Infrastructure & Cities.These three sectors comprise twelve industries:Manufacturing Industries: Transportation & Mobility; Aerospace & Defense; Marine & Offshore; Industrial Equipment; High-Tech; Home & Lifestyle; Consumer Packaged Goods - Retail. In Manufacturing Industries  Dassault Systèmes helps customers virtualize their operations  improve data sharing and collaboration across their organization  reduce costs and time-to-market  and become more sustainable;Transportation & Mobility; Aerospace & Defense; Marine & Offshore; Industrial Equipment; High-Tech; Home & Lifestyle; Consumer Packaged Goods - Retail. In Manufacturing Industries  Dassault Systèmes helps customers virtualize their operations  improve data sharing and collaboration across their organization  reduce costs and time-to-market  and become more sustainable; Life Sciences & Healthcare: Life Sciences & Healthcare. In this sector  the Group aims to address the entire cycle of the patient journey to lead the way toward precision medicine. To reach the broader healthcare ecosystem from research to commercial  the Group’s solutions connect all elements from molecule development to prevention to care  and combine new therapeutics  medical practices  and Medtech;Life Sciences & Healthcare. In this sector  the Group aims to address the entire cycle of the patient journey to lead the way toward precision medicine. To reach the broader healthcare ecosystem from research to commercial  the Group’s solutions connect all elements from molecule development to prevention to care  and combine new therapeutics  medical practices  and Medtech; Infrastructure & Cities: Infrastructure  Energy & Materials; Architecture  Engineering & Construction; Business Services; Cities & Public Services. In Infrastructure & Cities  the Group supports the virtualization of the sector in making its industries more efficient and sustainable  and creating desirable living environments.Information on Product LinesThe Group’s financial reporting on product lines includes the following information:Industrial Innovation software revenue  which includes CATIA  ENOVIA  SIMULIA  DELMIA  GEOVIA  NETVIBES  and 3DEXCITE brands;software revenue  which includes CATIA  ENOVIA  SIMULIA  DELMIA  GEOVIA  NETVIBES  and 3DEXCITE brands; Life Sciences software revenue  which includes MEDIDATA and BIOVIA brands;software revenue  which includes MEDIDATA and BIOVIA brands; Mainstream Innovation software revenue which includes its CENTRIC PLM and 3DVIA brands  as well as the SOLIDWORKS brand and its expanded offerings in design  simulation  PLM  and manufacturing.OUTSCALE has been a Dassault Systèmes brand since 2022  extending the portfolio of software applications. As the first sovereign and sustainable operator on the cloud  OUTSCALE enables governments and corporations from all sectors to achieve digital autonomy through a Cloud experience and with a world-class cyber governance.GEOsEleven GEOs are responsible for driving the development of the Company’s business and implementing its customer‑centric engagement model. Teams leverage strong networks of local customers  users  partners  and influencers.These GEOs are structured into three groups:the “Americas” group  made of two GEOs;the “Europe” group  comprising Europe  Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and made of four GEOs;the “Asia” group  comprising Asia and Oceania and made of five GEOs.3DEXPERIENCE Software ContributionTo measure the relative share of 3DEXPERIENCE software in its revenues  Dassault Systèmes calculates the percentage contribution by comparing total 3DEXPERIENCE software revenue to software revenue for all product lines except SOLIDWORKS  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM and other acquisitions (defined as “3DEXPERIENCE Eligible software revenue”).Cloud revenueCloud revenue is generated from contracts that provide access to cloud-based solutions (SaaS)  infrastructure as a service (IaaS)  cloud solution development and cloud managed services. These offerings are delivered by Dassault Systèmes through its own cloud infrastructure or by third-party cloud providers. They are available through different deployment methods: Dedicated cloud  Sovereign cloud and International cloud. Cloud solutions are generally offered through subscription-based models or perpetual licenses with support and hosting services.Annual Run Rate (ARR)ARR is the annual value of all active subscription software  SaaS  hosting & support contracts as of the end of the reporting period Active contracts are annualized by dividing the total active contract value by the contract duration in days (end date minus start date)  then multiplying that by 360 days Active Contract refers to contract value for which orders have been submitted. For contracts that include annual values that change over time  we include in ARR only the annual value of components of the contract that are considered active as of the date of the ARR calculation. A contract or component of the contract is considered active only between the contractual start and end dates For ramp contracts  only the portion where the customer has already submitted an order is included. Future ramped amounts are excluded until they are activated. For Medidata Study by Study contracts that are not contractually renewable  only the contractually committed portion is counted in 3DS ARR No assumptions are taken regarding future customer renewals or future committed increaseARR is composed of 2 elements : Subscription annual run rate (SARR) and maintenance annual run rate (MARR).We believe ARR is a valuable operating measure to assess the health of our recurring business because it is aligned with the amount that we invoice the customer on an annual basis. We generally invoice customers annually for the current year of the active contract.ARR increases by the annual value of active contracts that commence in a reporting period and decreases by the annual value of contracts that expire in the reporting period.ARR is not annual recurring revenue  and is therefore not affected by revenue recognition standards  including point in time revenue recognition on-premises license subscription.DASSAULT SYSTÈMESNON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION(unaudited; in millions of Euros  except per share data  percentages  headcount and exchange rates)Non-IFRS key figures exclude the effects of adjusting the carrying value of acquired companies’ contract liabilities (deferred revenue)  share-based compensation expense  including related social charges  amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation  lease incentives of acquired companies  other operating income and expense  net  including the acquisition  integration and restructuring expenses  and impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets  certain one-time items included in financial loss  net  certain one-time tax effects and the income tax effects of these non-IFRS adjustments.Comparable IFRS financial information and a reconciliation of the IFRS and non-IFRS measures are set forth in the separate tables within this Attachment.In millions of Euros  except per share data  percentages  headcount and exchange ratesNon-IFRS reported Three months ended Twelve months ended December 31 2025 December 31 2024 Change Change in constant currencies December 31 2025 December 31 2024 Change Change in constant currencies Total Revenue € 1 682.0 € 1 754.2 (4)% 1% € 6 239.6 € 6 213.6 0% 4% Revenue breakdown by activity Software revenue 1 522.8 1 601.5 (5)% 0% 5 644.9 5 613.3 1% 4% Of which licenses and other software revenue 358.2 405.4 (12)% (7)% 1 020.7 1 125.2 (9)% (6)% Of which subscription and support revenue 1 164.6 1 196.1 (3)% 3% 4 624.1 4 488.1 3% 6% Services revenue 159.1 152.8 4% 11% 594.7 600.3 (1)% 2% Software revenue breakdown by product line Industrial Innovation 879.6 901.8 (2)% 1% 3 134.5 3 019.6 4% 6% Life Sciences 263.6 297.7 (11)% (4)% 1 081.1 1 144.2 (6)% (2)% Mainstream Innovation 379.6 402.0 (6)% 1% 1 429.3 1 449.4 (1)% 2% Software Revenue breakdown by geography Americas 565.8 595.0 (5)% 3% 2 224.7 2 214.7 0% 5% Europe 641.6 685.0 (6)% (5)% 2 169.0 2 150.4 1% 2% Asia 315.4 321.4 (2)% 6% 1 251.2 1 248.1 0% 5% Operating income € 621.6 € 636.8 (2)% € 1 993.6 € 1 983.7 0% Operating margin 37.0% 36.3% 32.0% 31.9% Net income attributable to shareholders € 536.5 € 530.7 1% € 1 737.2 € 1 705.1 2% Diluted earnings per share € 0.40 € 0.40 1% 9% € 1.31 € 1.28 2% 7% Closing headcount 25 967 26 026 (0)% 25 967 26 026 (0)% Average Rate USD per Euro 1.16 1.07 9% 1.13 1.08 4% Average Rate JPY per Euro 179.22 162.55 10% 169.04 163.85 3%DASSAULT SYSTÈMESACQUISITIONS AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE IMPACT(unaudited; in millions of Euros)In millions of EurosNon-IFRS reported o/w growth at constant rate and scopeo/w change of scope impact at current year rateo/w FX impact on previous year figuresDecember 31 2025 December 31 2024 Change Revenue QTD 1 682.0 1 754.2 (72.3) 11.0 8.8 (92.2) Revenue YTD 6 239.6 6 213.6 26.0 193.0 24.9 (191.9)DASSAULT SYSTÈMESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME(unaudited; in millions of Euros  except per share data and percentages)In millions of Euros  except per share data and percentagesIFRS reported Three months ended Twelve months ended December 31  December 31  December 31  December 31  2025 2024 2025 2024 Licenses and other software revenue 358.2 405.4 1 020.7 1 125.2 Subscription and Support revenue 1 163.6 1 196.1 4 620.3 4 488.1 Software revenue 1 521.9 1 601.5 5 641.0 5 613.3 Services revenue 159.1 152.8 594.7 600.3 Total Revenue € 1 681.0 € 1 754.2 € 6 235.8 € 6 213.6 Cost of software revenue (1) (131.7) (134.1) (499.4) (498.5) Cost of services revenue (121.0) (132.7) (515.2) (517.8) Research and development expenses (311.6) (327.7) (1 323.3) (1 286.2) Marketing and sales expenses (404.8) (456.6) (1 697.9) (1 704.3) General and administrative expenses (105.5) (136.4) (461.3) (470.5) Amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation (80.4) (87.5) (337.6) (361.6) Other operating income and expense  net (20.0) 4.2 (46.7) (15.0) Total Operating Expenses (1 175.0) (1 270.9) (4 881.4) (4 854.0) Operating Income € 506.1 € 483.4 € 1 354.3 € 1 359.6 Financial income (loss)  net 19.0 22.9 104.1 118.4 Income before income taxes € 525.1 € 506.3 € 1 458.4 € 1 478.0 Income tax expense (88.2) (95.4) (270.8) (279.9) Net Income € 436.9 € 410.9 € 1 187.6 € 1 198.1 Non-controlling interest 0.0 1.1 8.3 2.1 Net Income attributable to equity holders of the parent € 436.9 € 412.0 € 1 196.0 € 1 200.2 Basic earnings per share 0.33 0.31 0.91 0.91 Diluted earnings per share € 0.33 € 0.30 € 0.90 € 0.90 Basic weighted average shares outstanding (in millions) 1 320.7 1 312.7 1 317.2 1 313.3 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding (in millions) 1 328.4 1 330.0 1 328.5 1 333.4(1) Excluding amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation.IFRS reportedThree months ended December 31  2025 Twelve months ended December 31  2025 Change (2) Change in constant currencies Change (2) Change in constant currencies Total Revenue (4)% 1% 0% 4% Revenue by activity Software revenue (5)% 0% 0% 4% Services revenue 4% 11% (1)% 2% Software Revenue by product line Industrial Innovation (2)% 1% 4% 6% Life Sciences (11)% (4)% (6)% (2)% Mainstream Innovation (6)% 1% (2)% 2% Software Revenue by geography Americas (5)% 3% 0% 5% Europe (6)% (5)% 1% 2% Asia (2)% 6% 0% 5%(2) Variation compared to the same period in the prior year.DASSAULT SYSTÈMESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET(unaudited; in millions of Euros)In millions of EurosIFRS reported December 31  December 31  2025 2024 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 4 125.4 3 952.6 Trade accounts receivable  net 2 168.4 2 120.9 Contract assets 37.3 30.1 Other current assets 454.4 464.0 Total current assets 6 785.5 6 567.6 Property and equipment  net 944.8 945.8 Goodwill and Intangible assets  net 6 868.8 7 687.1 Other non-current assets 460.4 345.5 Total non-current assets 8 274.0 8 978.3 Total Assets € 15 059.4 € 15 545.9 LIABILITIES Trade accounts payable 253.0 259.9 Contract liabilities 1 536.0 1 663.4 Borrowings  current 1 449.5 450.8 Other current liabilities 990.9 1 147.4 Total current liabilities 4 229.3 3 521.5 Borrowings  non-current 1 145.8 2 042.8 Other non-current liabilities 886.4 900.9 Total non-current liabilities 2 032.2 2 943.7 Non-controlling interests 5.4 14.1 Parent shareholders' equity 8 792.5 9 066.6 Total Liabilities € 15 059.4 € 15 545.9DASSAULT SYSTÈMESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT(unaudited; in millions of Euros)In millions of EurosIFRS reported Three months ended Twelve months ended December 31  December 31  ChangeDecember 31  December 31  Change2025 2024 2025 2024 Net income attributable to equity holders of the parent 436.9 412.0 24.9 1 196.0 1 200.2 (4.2) Non-controlling interest (0.0) (1.1) 1.1 (8.3) (2.1) (6.3) Net income 436.9 410.9 26.0 1 187.6 1 198.1 (10.5) Depreciation of property and equipment 50.6 49.7 0.9 199.3 191.9 7.4 Amortization of intangible assets 81.4 89.4 (8.0) 341.4 369.1 (27.7) Adjustments for other non-cash items (43.5) (75.9) 32.4 24.0 37.7 (13.7) Changes in working capital (229.2) (162.1) (67.1) (122.6) (137.0) 14.4 Net Cash From Operating Activities € 296.2 € 312.0 € (15.8) € 1 629.8 € 1 659.8 € (30.1) Additions to property  equipment and intangibles assets (37.1) (49.1) 12.0 (160.5) (193.4) 32.9 Payment for acquisition of businesses  net of cash acquired (0.0) (4.2) 4.2 (203.5) (22.5) (181.0) Other (5.0) 0.3 (5.2) (40.3) 24.1 (64.5) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities € (42.1) € (53.1) € 11.0 € (404.3) € (191.7) € (212.6) Proceeds from exercise of stock options 4.7 4.4 0.3 44.4 48.4 (4.0) Cash dividends paid - - - (342.6) (302.7) (39.9) Repurchase and sale of treasury stock (3.8) (0.5) (3.2) (340.3) (374.0) 33.7 Capital increase (0.0) - (0.0) 111.3 - 111.3 Acquisition of non-controlling interests (35.8) - (35.8) (253.8) (3.3) (250.5) Proceeds from borrowings 4.7 - 4.7 99.6 200.2 (100.6) Repayment of borrowings - (100.0) 100.0 (18.3) (700.9) 682.6 Repayment of lease liabilities (14.4) (18.7) 4.3 (89.7) (79.7) (10.0) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities € (44.5) € (114.8) € 70.3 € (789.4) € (1 211.9) € 422.5 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 6.1 150.8 (144.7) (263.2) 128.2 (391.4) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents € 215.7 € 294.9 € (79.2) € 172.9 € 384.3 € (211.5) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period € 3 909.7 € 3 657.7 € 3 952.6 € 3 568.3 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period € 4 125.4 € 3 952.6 € 4 125.4 € 3 952.6DASSAULT SYSTÈMESSUPPLEMENTAL NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATIONIFRS – NON-IFRS RECONCILIATION(unaudited; in millions of Euros  except per share data and percentages)Readers are cautioned that the supplemental non-IFRS information presented in this press release is subject to inherent limitations. It is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered as a substitute for IFRS measurements. Also  the Group’s supplemental non-IFRS financial information may not be comparable to similarly titled “non-IFRS” measures used by other companies. Further specific limitations for individual non-IFRS measures  and the reasons for presenting non-IFRS financial information  are set forth in the Group’s Document d’Enregistrement Universel for the year ended December 31  2024 filed with the AMF on March 18  2025. To compensate for these limitations  the supplemental non-IFRS financial information should be read not in isolation  but only in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.In millions of Euros  except per share data and percentagesThree months ended December 31  Change 2025 Adjustment(1)2025 2024 Adjustment(1)2024 IFRSNon-IFRS(2)IFRS Non-IFRS IFRS Non-IFRS Total Revenue € 1 681.0 € 0.9 € 1 682.0 € 1 754.2 - € 1 754.2 (4)% (4)% Revenue breakdown by activity Software revenue 1 521.9 0.9 1 522.8 1 601.5 - 1 601.5 (5)% (5)% Licenses and other software revenue 358.2 - 358.2 405.4 - 405.4 (12)% (12)% Subscription and Support revenue 1 163.6 0.9 1 164.6 1 196.1 - 1 196.1 (3)% (3)% Recurring portion of Software revenue 76% 76% 75% 75% Services revenue 159.1 - 159.1 152.8 - 152.8 4% 4% Software Revenue breakdown by product line Industrial Innovation 879.6 - 879.6 901.8 - 901.8 (2)% (2)% Life Sciences 263.6 - 263.6 297.7 - 297.7 (11)% (11)% Mainstream Innovation 378.7 0.9 379.6 402.0 - 402.0 (6)% (6)% Software Revenue breakdown by geography Americas 565.8 - 565.8 595.0 - 595.0 (5)% (5)% Europe 640.7 0.8 641.6 685.0 - 685.0 (6)% (6)% Asia 315.4 0.1 315.4 321.4 - 321.4 (2)% (2)% Total Operating Expenses € (1 175.0) € 114.6 € (1 060.4) € (1 270.9) € 153.4 € (1 117.5) (8)% (5)% Share-based compensation expense and related social charges (13.9) 13.9 - (69.7) 69.7 - Amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation (80.4) 80.4 - (87.5) 87.5 - Lease incentives of acquired companies (0.3) 0.3 - (0.4) 0.4 - Other operating income and expense  net (20.0) 20.0 - 4.2 (4.2) - Operating Income € 506.1 € 115.5 € 621.6 € 483.4 € 153.4 € 636.8 5% (2)% Operating Margin 30.1% 37.0% 27.6% 36.3% Financial income (loss)  net 19.0 0.4 19.4 22.9 1.1 24.0 (17)% (19)% Income tax expense (88.2) (16.3) (104.5) (95.4) (33.2) (128.6) (8)% (19)% Non-controlling interest 0.0 0.0 0.0 1.1 (2.6) (1.5) (96)% (103)% Net Income attributable to shareholders € 436.9 € 99.6 € 536.5 € 412.0 € 118.7 € 530.7 6% 1% Diluted Earnings Per Share (3) € 0.33 € 0.08 € 0.40 € 0.30 € 0.10 € 0.40 11% 1%(1) In the reconciliation schedule above  (i) all adjustments to IFRS revenue data reflect the exclusion of the effect of adjusting the carrying value of acquired companies’ contract liabilities (deferred revenue); (ii) adjustments to IFRS operating expense data reflect the exclusion of the amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation  share-based compensation expense  including related social charges  lease incentives of acquired companies  as detailed below  and other operating income and expense  net including acquisition  integration and restructuring expenses  and impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets; (iii) adjustments to IFRS financial loss  net reflect the exclusion of certain one-time items included in financial loss  net  and; (iv) all adjustments to IFRS income data reflect the combined effect of these adjustments  plus with respect to net income and diluted earnings per share  certain one-time tax effects and the income tax effect of the non-IFRS adjustments.In millions of Euros  except percentagesThree months ended December 31  Change 2025IFRS Share-based compensation expense and related social charges Lease incentives of acquired companies 2025Non-IFRS 2024IFRS Share-based compensation expense and related social charges Lease incentives of acquired companies 2024Non-IFRS IFRS Non-IFRS Cost of revenue (252.7) 0.7 0.1 (251.9) (266.9) 5.0 0.1 (261.8) (5)% (4)% Research and development expenses (311.6) 8.0 0.1 (303.5) (327.7) 18.2 0.2 (309.3) (5)% (2)% Marketing and sales expenses (404.8) 1.9 0.1 (402.8) (456.6) 25.1 0.1 (431.4) (11)% (7)% General and administrative expenses (105.5) 3.3 0.0 (102.2) (136.4) 21.4 0.0 (115.0) (23)% (11)% Total € 13.9 € 0.3 € 69.7 € 0.4(2) The non-IFRS percentage increase (decrease) compares non-IFRS measures for the two different periods. In the event there is non-IFRS adjustment to the relevant measure for only one of the periods under comparison  the non-IFRS increase (decrease) compares the non-IFRS measure to the relevant IFRS measure.(3) Based on a weighted average 1 328.4 million diluted shares for Q4 2025 and 1 330.0 million diluted shares for Q4 2024  and  for IFRS only  a diluted net income attributable to the shareholders of € 436.7 million for Q4 2025 (€ 394.7 million for Q4 2024). The Diluted net income attributable to equity holders of the Group corresponds to the Net Income attributable to equity holders of the Group adjusted by the impact of the share-based compensation plans to be settled either in cash or in shares at the option of the Group.DASSAULT SYSTÈMESSUPPLEMENTAL NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATIONIFRS – NON-IFRS RECONCILIATION(unaudited; in millions of Euros  except per share data and percentages)Readers are cautioned that the supplemental non-IFRS information presented in this press release is subject to inherent limitations. It is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered as a substitute for IFRS measurements. Also  the Group’s supplemental non-IFRS financial information may not be comparable to similarly titled “non-IFRS” measures used by other companies. Further specific limitations for individual non-IFRS measures  and the reasons for presenting non-IFRS financial information  are set forth in the Group’s Document d’Enregistrement Universel for the year ended December 31  2024 filed with the AMF on March 18  2025. To compensate for these limitations  the supplemental non-IFRS financial information should be read not in isolation  but only in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.In millions of Euros  except per share data and percentagesTwelve months ended December 31  Change 2025 Adjustment(1)2025 2024 Adjustment(1)2024 IFRSNon-IFRS(2)IFRS Non-IFRS IFRS Non-IFRS Total Revenue € 6 235.8 € 3.8 € 6 239.6 € 6 213.6 - € 6 213.6 0% 0% Revenue breakdown by activity Software revenue 5 641.0 3.8 5 644.9 5 613.3 - 5 613.3 0% 1% Licenses and other software revenue 1 020.7 - 1 020.7 1 125.2 - 1 125.2 (9)% (9)% Subscription and Support revenue 4 620.3 3.8 4 624.1 4 488.1 - 4 488.1 3% 3% Recurring portion of Software revenue 82% 82% 80% 80% Services revenue 594.7 - 594.7 600.3 - 600.3 (1)% (1)% Software Revenue breakdown by product line Industrial Innovation 3 134.5 - 3 134.5 3 019.6 - 3 019.6 4% 4% Life Sciences 1 081.1 - 1 081.1 1 144.2 - 1 144.2 (6)% (6)% Mainstream Innovation 1 425.5 3.8 1 429.3 1 449.4 - 1 449.4 (2)% (1)% Software Revenue breakdown by geography Americas 2 224.6 0.2 2 224.7 2 214.7 - 2 214.7 0% 0% Europe 2 165.5 3.4 2 169.0 2 150.4 - 2 150.4 1% 1% Asia 1 250.9 0.2 1 251.2 1 248.1 - 1 248.1 0% 0% Total Operating Expenses € (4 881.4) € 635.5 € (4 245.9) € (4 854.0) € 624.2 € (4 229.8) 1% 0% Share-based compensation expense and related social charges (249.7) 249.7 - (245.6) 245.6 - Amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation (337.6) 337.6 - (361.6) 361.6 - Lease incentives of acquired companies (1.4) 1.4 - (1.9) 1.9 - Other operating income and expense  net (46.7) 46.7 - (15.0) 15.0 - Operating Income € 1 354.3 € 639.3 € 1 993.6 € 1 359.6 € 624.2 € 1 983.7 (0)% 0% Operating Margin 21.7% 32.0% 21.9% 31.9% Financial income (loss)  net 104.1 2.0 106.1 118.4 3.2 121.6 (12)% (13)% Income tax expense (270.8) (94.1) (364.9) (279.9) (117.0) (396.8) (3)% (8)% Non-controlling interest 8.3 (6.0) 2.3 2.1 (5.5) (3.4) 303% (169)% Net Income attributable to shareholders € 1 196.0 € 541.2 € 1 737.2 € 1 200.2 € 504.9 € 1 705.1 (0)% 2% Diluted Earnings Per Share (3) € 0.90 € 0.41 € 1.31 € 0.90 € 0.38 € 1.28 0% 2%(1) In the reconciliation schedule above  (i) all adjustments to IFRS revenue data reflect the exclusion of the effect of adjusting the carrying value of acquired companies’ contract liabilities (deferred revenue); (ii) adjustments to IFRS operating expense data reflect the exclusion of the amortization of acquired intangible assets and of tangible assets revaluation  share-based compensation expense  including related social charges  lease incentives of acquired companies  as detailed below  and other operating income and expense  net including acquisition  integration and restructuring expenses  and impairment of goodwill and acquired intangible assets; (iii) adjustments to IFRS financial loss  net reflect the exclusion of certain one-time items included in financial loss  net  and; (iv) all adjustments to IFRS income data reflect the combined effect of these adjustments  plus with respect to net income and diluted earnings per share  certain one-time tax effects and the income tax effect of the non-IFRS adjustments.In millions of Euros  except percentagesTwelve months ended December 31  Change 2025IFRS Share-based compensation expense and related social charges Lease incentives of acquired companies 2025Non-IFRS 2024IFRS Share-based compensation expense and related social charges Lease incentives of acquired companies 2024Non-IFRS IFRS Non-IFRS Cost of revenue (1 014.6) 18.3 0.5 (995.8) (1 016.3) 16.2 0.5 (999.5) (0)% (0)% Research and development expenses (1 323.3) 89.0 0.5 (1 233.8) (1 286.2) 76.9 0.9 (1 208.4) 3% 2% Marketing and sales expenses (1 697.9) 72.9 0.4 (1 624.7) (1 704.3) 80.8 0.3 (1 623.3) (0)% 0% General and administrative expenses (461.3) 69.5 0.1 (391.7) (470.5) 71.7 0.2 (398.7) (2)% (2)% Total € 249.7 € 1.4 € 245.6 € 1.9(2) The non-IFRS percentage increase (decrease) compares non-IFRS measures for the two different periods. In the event there is non-IFRS adjustment to the relevant measure for only one of the periods under comparison  the non-IFRS increase (decrease) compares the non-IFRS measure to the relevant IFRS measure.(3) Based on a weighted average 1 328.5 million diluted shares for YTD 2025 and 1 333.4 million diluted shares for YTD 2024  and  for IFRS only  a diluted net income attributable to the shareholders of € 1196.0 million for YTD 2025 (€ 1200.2 million for YTD 2024). The Diluted net income attributable to equity holders of the Group corresponds to the Net Income attributable to equity holders of the Group adjusted by the impact of the share-based compensation plans to be settled either in cash or in shares at the option of the Group.1 IFRS figures for 4Q25: Total revenue of €1.68 billion  Operating margin of 30.1% and diluted EPS of €0.33 compared to €0.30 in 4Q24; IFRS figures for YTD25: Total revenue of €6.24 billion  Cloud revenue up 7%  Operating margin of 21.7% compared to 21.9% in FY24  and diluted EPS of €0.90 compared to €0.90 in FY24;Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.16,0.35,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'solid operating margin', 'Q4 revenue growth', '2026 revenue guidance', '3-5% growth', 'EPS expansion', 'Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Executive Officer Commentary', 'Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Financial Officer Commentary', 'IFRS unaudited estimated financial results', 'Annual Run Rate reporting', 'unique Industrial AI offerings', 'new Industry World Models', 'FY25 non-IFRS operating margin', 'FY26 non-IFRS outlook', 'high comparison base', 'measurable, industry-defining impact', 'Capital Markets Day', 'weak Automotive sector', 'value-based monetization models', 'new business models', 'next Industrial Revolution', 'AI-native generative solutions', 'CENTRIC PLM performance', 'strategic contract gains', 'FY25 total revenue', 'recurring revenue base', 'strong customer value', 'solid operating margin', 'Industrial AI transformation', 'AI-powered Virtual Twins', 'total revenue growth', 'future growth acceleration', '4Q25 total revenue', 'FY25 3D EXPERIENCE', 'financial information', 'Q4 revenue growth', 'subscription revenue growth', 'solid performance', 'new levers', 'Generative Experiences', 'tangible value', 'long-term monetization', 'core business', 'strategic priorities', '2026 revenue guidance', '3-5% growth', 'growth rates', '3D UNIV+RSES', 'strong foundations', 'consistent growth', 'strong baseline', 'Virtual Companions', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'fourth quarter', 'The Group', 'IFRS basis', 'IFRS figures', 'Summary Highlights1', 'constant currencies', 'low end', 'early traction', 'Pascal Daloz', 'short-term goal', 'long-term commitment', 'scientific knowledge', 'True transformation', 'Life Sciences', 'document-based processes', 'game-changing approach', 'unprecedented efficiency', 'one year', 'three categories', 'high-impact opportunities', 'accelerated computing', 'long-term success', 'Rouven Bergmann', 'Mainstream Innovation', 'good year', 'second half', 'full year', 'operational efficiency', 'cost discipline', 'Cloud revenue', 'strategic partnership', 'clear visibility', 'disciplined execution', 'good profitability', 'EPS expansion', 'diluted EPS', 'existing customers', 'Cloud adoption', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'February', 'DSY', 'full-year', 'Board', 'Directors', 'reconciliations', 'Appendix', 'objectives', 'organization', 'health', 'momentum', 'NVIDIA', 'scale', 'ambition', 'industries', 'vision', 'decades', 'capabilities', 'reality', 'time', 'Leadership', 'resources', 'competitors', 'opportunity', 'Pharma', 'quality', 'compliance', 'Service', 'November', 'data', '3DEXPERIENCE', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'parts', 'Europe', 'headwinds', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'way', 'ARR', 'journey', '40']",2026-02-11,2026-02-12,globenewswire.com
