UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54518,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/31/3211758/0/en/Change-of-issuer-of-Lassila-Tikanoja-s-EUR-75-million-sustainability-linked-notes.html,Change of issuer of Lassila & Tikanoja’s EUR 75 million sustainability-linked notes,Lassila & Tikanoja PlcStock exchange release31 December 2025 at 2.30 pm EET  Change of issuer of Lassila & Tikanoja’s EUR 75 million...,Lassila & Tikanoja PlcStock exchange release31 December 2025 at 2.30 pm EETChange of issuer of Lassila & Tikanoja’s EUR 75 million sustainability-linked notesNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  SOUTH AFRICA  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SINGAPORE OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR REQUIRE REGISTRATION OR ANY OTHER MEASURES. THIS RELEASE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR BUY ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN.The completion of the partial demerger of Lassila & Tikanoja plc (currently Luotea Plc) (the “Demerger”) has today on 31 December 2025 been registered with the Finnish Trade Register whereby all assets  debts and liabilities relating to the Circular Economy business area or mainly serving the Circular Economy business area have been transferred to a new independent company incorporated in the Demerger named Lassila & Tikanoja Plc (“Lassila & Tikanoja”). As a consequence of the completion of the Demerger  the effective date under the notice of written procedure dated 7 August 2025 concerning the written procedure for the outstanding EUR 75 000 000 sustainability-linked notes due in 2028 and which have a fixed annual interest at the rate of 3.375 per cent (ISIN: FI4000523022) (the “Notes”) has occurred today  31 December 2025 (the “Effective Date”). The amended and restated terms and conditions apply to the Notes from the Effective Date and all obligations and liabilities of the issuer under or in relation to the Notes have been transferred solely to  and assumed by  Lassila & Tikanoja  which is the new issuer of the Notes.Each noteholder who on 14 January 2026 is registered as direct registered owner or nominee in the holder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  and who prior to 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) on 28 August 2025 voted in favour of the proposal or expressly abstained from voting  will receive a consent fee (the “Consent Fee”) in an amount equal to 0.20 per cent  calculated on the principal amount of the Notes held by such noteholder. The Consent Fee will be paid on 15 January 2026.For further information  please contact:Joni Sorsanen  CFO  tel. +358 50 443 3045Danske Bank A/S as Paying AgentE-mail: liabilitymanagement@danskebank.dk or tel: +45 33 64 88 51DisclaimerIn a number of jurisdictions  in particular in Australia  Canada  South Africa  Singapore  Japan and the United States  the distribution of this announcement may be subject to restrictions imposed by law (such as registration of the relevant oﬀering documents  admission  qualiﬁcation and other regulations). Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required to inform themselves about  and to observe  all such restrictions. This release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities referenced in this release  including the Notes  have not been  and will not be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended or under the securities laws of any state of the United States. This release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in the United States.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['EUR 75 million sustainability-linked notes', 'Change', 'issuer', 'Lassila', 'Tikanoja', 'Circular Economy business area', 'relevant oﬀering documents', 'EUR 75 million sustainability-linked notes', 'outstanding EUR 75,000,000 sustainability-linked notes', 'United States Securities Act', 'fixed annual interest', 'direct registered owner', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Danske Bank A/S', 'new independent company', 'Finnish Trade Register', 'Stock exchange release', 'The Consent Fee', 'holder register', 'Finnish time', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER MEASURES', 'Luotea Plc', 'effective date', 'written procedure', '3.375 per cent', '0.20 per cent', 'Joni Sorsanen', 'Paying Agent', 'qualiﬁcation', 'other regulations', 'securities laws', 'new issuer', 'Tikanoja Plc', 'principal amount', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'partial demerger', 'Lassila', '31 December', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PERSON', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'REQUIRE', 'REGISTRATION', 'OFFER', 'BUY', 'completion', 'assets', 'debts', 'liabilities', 'consequence', 'notice', 'rate', 'ISIN', 'terms', 'conditions', 'obligations', 'relation', 'noteholder', '14 January', 'nominee', '28 August', 'favour', 'proposal', 'voting', '15 January', 'information', 'CFO', 'tel', 'mail', 'liabilitymanagement', 'danskebank', 'dk', 'Disclaimer', 'number', 'jurisdictions', 'announcement', 'restrictions', 'admission', 'possession', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'exemption', 'qualification', '2.30', '4:00', '45']",2025-12-31,2026-01-01,globenewswire.com
54519,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/31/3211851/0/en/Start-of-construction-for-the-Artemisya-hybrid-cluster-in-Uzbekistan-storage-and-first-wind-phase.html,Start of construction for the Artemisya hybrid cluster in Uzbekistan: storage and first wind phase,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international renewable energy player  announces the start of construction of a strategic cluster in Uzbekistan: Artemisya Storage (100 megawatts / 200 megawatt-hours) and Wind (100 megawatts). This miles…,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international renewable energy player  announces the start of construction of a strategic cluster in Uzbekistan: Artemisya Storage (100 megawatts / 200 megawatt-hours) and Wind (100 megawatts). This milestone marks a major turning point in the development of the country’s energy storage infrastructure.In March 20251  Voltalia signed a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with the Uzbek government during a ceremony at the Élysée Palace. This agreement was decisive for Artemisya  the first hybrid cluster in Central Asia combining solar  wind and storage.The partnership is based on a 25-year electricity sales contract for solar and wind generation  and a 15-year contract for storage: 126 megawatts of solar  300 megawatts of wind and 100 megawatts / 200 megawatt-hours of batteries.The construction of the first phase of Artemisya – comprising 100 megawatts / 200 megawatt-hours of storage and the first 100-megawatt wind tranche – was launched following the signing of investment agreements on 5 December 2025 in the presence of the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan.Once construction is complete  commissioning is scheduled in 2027.Located in the Bukhara region  Artemisya hybrid cluster will enhance the flexibility and reliability of Uzbekistan’s power system  support the national target of reaching eight gigawatts of renewable capacity by 2026 and twelve gigawatts by 2030  and significantly reduce CO₂ emissions by promoting clean energy.Robert Klein  Chief Executive Officer of Voltalia  stated: “ The launch of this project demonstrates our commitment to supporting Uzbekistan in its energy transition. With the Sarimay cluster  that started its commissioning last November  and Artemisya cluster  we are making a significant contribution to strengthening the country’s low-carbon power capacity. Hybrid solutions including storage play a key role in ensuring grid stability and optimizing the integration of renewable energy.”Next milestone: Q4 2025 turnover  on 28 January 2026.About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.3 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 17.4 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With more than 2 000 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings. Loan Duong  Director of Communications & Investor RelationsEmail : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitosei ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer JulliaEmail: jennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Press release dated March 11  2025Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Artemisya hybrid cluster', 'first wind phase', 'Start', 'construction', 'Uzbekistan', 'storage', 'CAC Mid&Small indices', '25-year electricity sales contract', 'first 100-megawatt wind tranche', 'international renewable energy player', 'major turning point', 'Élysée Palace', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'first hybrid cluster', 'Euronext regulated market', 'energy efficiency services', 'Power Purchase Agreement', 'low-carbon power capacity', 'renewable energy customers', 'energy storage infrastructure', 'Artemisya hybrid cluster', 'international player', '15-year contract', 'first phase', 'clean energy', 'energy transition', 'power system', 'Hybrid solutions', 'renewable energies', 'business market', 'Sustainalytics ratings', 'strategic cluster', 'renewable capacity', 'Sarimay cluster', 'Artemisya cluster', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Uzbek government', 'Central Asia', 'wind generation', 'investment agreements', 'Bukhara region', 'national target', 'eight gigawatts', 'twelve gigawatts', 'CO₂ emissions', 'Robert Klein', 'significant contribution', 'key role', 'grid stability', 'Q4 2025 turnover', 'The Group', 'service provider', 'comprehensive range', 'green electricity', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Contact', '1 Press release', 'total capacity', 'storage facilities', 'Next milestone', 'Seitosei Actifin', 'Artemisya Storage', 'Wind (100 megawatts', 'Jennifer Jullia', '126 megawatts', '300 megawatts', 'Voltalia', 'start', 'construction', 'Uzbekistan', '200 megawatt-hours', 'development', 'country', 'March', 'PPA', 'ceremony', 'partnership', 'solar', 'batteries', 'signing', '5 December', 'presence', 'President', 'Republic', 'commissioning', 'flexibility', 'reliability', 'launch', 'project', 'commitment', 'integration', '28 January', 'hydro', 'biomass', '3.3 GW', 'operation', 'portfolio', '17.4 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '2,000 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'others', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2025-12-31,2026-01-01,globenewswire.com
54520,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/regulatory-news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-november-2025-monthly-factsheet-302650742.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited November 2025 Monthly Factsheet,LONDON  Dec. 31  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for November 2025. Net Asset Value: $3 877m Fully Diluted NAV per Share: $41.85 Share Price (TFG NA): $18.35 Monthly NAV per Share Total Return: -0.6% Monthly Return on Equity: …,LONDON  Dec. 31  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for November 2025.Net Asset Value: $3 877mFully Diluted NAV per Share: $41.85Share Price (TFG NA): $18.35Monthly NAV per Share Total Return: -0.6%Monthly Return on Equity: -0.2%Most Recent Quarterly Dividend: $0.11Dividend Yield: 2.4%Please refer to important disclosures on page three of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.November 2025 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon's non-voting shares are subject to restrictions on ownership by U.S. persons and are not intended for European retail investors.Please see: https://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/additional-information.Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomasir@tetragoninv.comPress Inquiries:Prosek Partnerspro-tetragon@prosek.comU.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Most Recent Quarterly Dividend', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'collective investment scheme', 'Net Asset Value', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'European retail investors', 'Share Total Return', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'Dividend Yield', 'Monthly Return', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'Diluted NAV', 'Share Price', 'TFG NA', 'Monthly NAV', 'important disclosures', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'November 2025 Factsheet', 'Prosek Partners', 'public offer', 'Dec.', 'PRNewswire', 'Equity', 'page', 'tetragoninv', 'restrictions', 'ownership', 'shareholders', 'additional-information', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2025-12-31,2026-01-01,prnewswire.co.uk
54521,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/31/3211701/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-December-18-December-30-2025.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details December 18 – December 30  2025,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details December 18 – December 30  2025  Alphen aan den Rijn – December...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details December 18 – December 30  2025Alphen aan den Rijn – December 31  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information solutions  software and services  today reports that it has repurchased 264 510 of its own ordinary shares in the period from December 18  2025  up to and including December 30  2025  for €23.7 million and at an average share price of €89.54.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 5  2025  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to € 200 million from November 6  2025  up to February 23  2026.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date are as follows:Share Buyback 2025Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2025 to date 8 563 863 1 100.0 128.45For the period starting November 6  2025  up to and including February 23  2026  we have engaged a third party to execute €200 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'December', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'professional information solutions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'new information', 'cumulative amounts', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'expert solutions', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'December', 'WKL', 'software', 'services', 'repurchases', 'November', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2025-12-31,2026-01-01,globenewswire.com
54522,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/31/3211692/0/en/Tonner-Drones-to-Receive-1-25M-from-the-Sale-of-Part-of-its-Shareholding-in-Donecle.html,Tonner Drones to Receive €1 25M from the Sale of Part of its Shareholding in Donecle,Tonner Drones sells Donecle shares for a book profit and strengthens its financial position....,"Tonner Drones to Receive €1 25M from the Sale of Part of its Shareholding in DonecleParis  December 31th  2025  08:00  Tonner Drones (’the Company’) is pleased to announce that it has signed a contract for the sale of part of its shareholding in Donecle.Tonner Drones will receive approximately 1 25 million euro in the beginning of 2026 from the sale of the shares. Tonner Drones aims to maintain a 5% stake in the company  as it has even higher expectations for the future. Donecle's current book value is less than €20 000 in Tonner Drones' financial statements. This transaction will therefore result in a book gain and strengthen Tonner Drones' equity.""I am delighted that we have reached an agreement. This is the next step in the development of Tonner Drones and further strengthens our financial position. This transaction demonstrates our ability to realize the value of Tonner Drones' various assets. We continue to have a positive outlook for our Donecle  Elistair  and Diodon assets  especially given the current dynamics in the drone sector "" said Diede van den Ouden. ""We made good progress in 2025. We are looking forward with great anticipation to 2026  when the company's focus will shift to further growth and profitability.""End of Press-Release.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones develops technologies for the logistics sector. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some promising French drone manufacturers like Elistair and Donecle. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to increase the value of its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France. Tonner Drones uses an active strategy to manage its treasury.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.com / contact@tonnerdrones.comWarningRegarding the merits of any transaction or the making of any investment decision. It does not constitute or include any confirmation or commitment by Tonner Drones (or any other person) regarding the present or future value of Tonner Drones ' business  its securities  its subsidiaries or any other assets of Tonner Drones .This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs and expectations regarding future events. These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations regarding future financial results  events  operations and services. and product development  as well as statements regarding performance or events. These statements are generally identified by the terms ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""may""  ""should"" or the negative form of these and other similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions regarding Tonner Drones and its subsidiaries and investments  trends in their businesses  future capital expenditures and acquisitions  developments relating to contingent liabilities  changes in global economic conditions or Tonner Drones ' principal markets  competitive market conditions and regulatory factors. The realization of these events is uncertain; their outcome could turn out to be different from that envisaged today  which is likely to significantly affect the expected results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Except as required by applicable law  Tonner Drones undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements  taking into account new information or future events.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.22,0.34,True,English,"['Tonner Drones', 'Sale', 'Part', 'Shareholding', 'Donecle', 'Diede van den Ouden', 'promising French drone manufacturers', ""Tonner Drones' various assets"", ""Tonner Drones' financial statements"", 'global economic conditions', 'competitive market conditions', 'active asset management', 'other similar expressions', 'future capital expenditures', ""Tonner Drones' equity"", 'future financial results', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'current book value', 'financial position', 'drone sector', 'active strategy', 'other assets', 'Diodon assets', 'Tonner Drones.', 'book gain', 'current dynamics', 'other person', 'current beliefs', '1,25 million euro', 'next step', 'positive outlook', 'good progress', 'great anticipation', 'logistics sector', 'valuable stakes', 'Additional revenues', 'R&D', 'ISIN code', 'More information', 'investment decision', 'press release', 'negative form', 'inherent risks', 'contingent liabilities', 'principal markets', 'regulatory factors', 'Actual results', 'applicable law', 'new information', 'future value', 'forward-looking statements', 'future performance', 'future events', 'underlying assumptions', 'product development', 'higher expectations', 'Sale', 'Part', 'Shareholding', 'Donecle', '31th', 'Company', 'contract', 'beginning', 'shares', '5% stake', 'transaction', 'agreement', 'ability', 'Elistair', 'focus', 'Press-Release', 'technologies', 'companies', 'royalties', 'patents', 'factory', 'products', 'systems', 'France', 'treasury', 'tonnerdrones', 'Warning', 'merits', 'making', 'confirmation', 'commitment', 'present', 'business', 'securities', 'subsidiaries', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'operations', 'services', 'terms', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'investments', 'trends', 'acquisitions', 'developments', 'changes', 'realization', 'outcome', 'date', 'obligation', 'account', 'Attachment']",2025-12-31,2026-01-01,globenewswire.com
54523,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/12/31/markets-close-out-the-year-on-the-up-amid-light-volumes/,Markets close out the year on the up amid light volumes,Budget airline Ryanair dropped 0.4% to finish the year on €29.55  but just 11.1m shares were traded in the company on Thursday,US stocks climbed sharply during the year.Global markets were quiet on Wednesday as 2025 drew to a close  but it was a record year for the likes of the FTSE 100 in London  while US stocks enjoyed a positive end to the trading period after a tumultuous year.DublinEuronext Dublin finished down 0.2 per cent on what was a muted day’s trading with little volume changing hands.Budget airline Ryanair dropped 0.4 per cent to finish the year on €29.55. Just 11.1 million shares were traded in the company on Thursday.Among the financial names  AIB and Bank of Ireland finished down 0.3 per cent and 0.4 per cent respectively. PTSB  the smallest of the pillar banks  was up 1.8 per cent at close of business.There was little trading done elsewhere on the Irish market  but food giant Kerry Group climbed 0.65 per cent  while Cavan-based insulation specialist Kingspan fell 0.2 per cent.LondonThe UK’s FTSE 100 index paused near record levels in the final stretch of 2025  wrapping up its strongest annual gain in 16 years in a shortened trading session.The blue-chip FTSE 100 ended 0.2 per cent lower after closing at a record level a day earlier. The domestically focused FTSE 250 midcap index dipped 0.4 per cent.Trading activity was muted with markets closing early ahead of the new year holiday on January 1st.After years of underperformance  Britain’s blue-chip FTSE 100 outpaced major global markets in 2025  lifted by expectations of further Bank of England rate cuts  strength in financials and miners and its appeal as a relatively cheap diversifier during bouts of global volatility.The index rose more than 21 per cent over the year  heading for a fifth straight annual gain and its strongest performance since 2009.The resources-heavy FTSE 100 drew support from miners Fresnillo  Endeavour Mining and Antofagasta  which advanced on the back of surging gold  silver and copper prices this year.In contrast  Bunzl and Diageo tumbled around 37 per cent each  leaving the business supplies distributor and the world’s largest spirits maker among the index’s biggest laggards.Record highs stayed out of reach elsewhere. The midcap index gained 9 per cent in 2025 but remained nearly 8 per cent below its 2021 peak  while the FTSE small cap rose about 10 per cent yet closed 1.5 per cent short of its 2021 high.EuropeEuropean markets were little changed meanwhile  hovering near record highs after a stellar – albeit jarring – year that has even seen the region’s banking and weapons sector stocks both outperform.The Cac 40 in Paris closed down 0.5 per cent after a shortened day of trading. The Dax 40 was closed. Financial markets in Paris and Frankfurt will be closed on Thursday for the new year holiday  before reopening on Friday.During 2025  the Cac 40 has climbed 10 per cent while the Dax 40 is up 22 per cent.MSCI’s broadest index of world stocks was also flat as investors digested Tuesday’s Federal Reserve December meeting minutes that underscored deep divisions among policymakers about US interest rates.New YorkWall Street’s major indexes slipped in the final trading session of 2025  but approached a positive end to a year dominated by president Donald Trump’s tariff uncertainties and a euphoria around AI-focused stocks.The S&P 500  Dow and Nasdaq were on course to log double-digit gains this year.On the day  tech stocks extended losses  slipping 0.2 per cent. Microsoft and Broadcom fell 0.3 per cent and 1 per cent respectively.At 10.06am eastern time  the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.25 per cent; the S&P 500 was down 0.2 per cent; and the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.18 per cent.Bellwether chipmaker Nvidia – up 40.6 per cent so far this year – has been one of the beneficiaries  becoming the first publicly traded company to hit a $5 trillion market capitalisation. – Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,negative,0.01,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['light volumes', 'Markets', 'year', 'Federal Reserve December meeting minutes', 'Cavan-based insulation specialist Kingspan', 'fifth straight annual gain', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'strongest annual gain', 'Budget airline Ryanair', 'England rate cuts', 'largest spirits maker', 'president Donald Trump', '10.06am eastern time', '$5 trillion market capitalisation', 'US interest rates', 'weapons sector stocks', 'FTSE small cap', 'business supplies distributor', 'new year holiday', 'The S&P 500', 'final trading session', 'major global markets', 'FTSE 250 midcap index', 'New York', 'US stocks', 'Irish market', 'final stretch', 'strongest performance', 'major indexes', 'global volatility', 'The UK', 'AI-focused stocks', 'tech stocks', 'blue-chip FTSE 100', 'resources-heavy FTSE 100', 'positive end', 'little volume', '11.1 million shares', 'financial names', 'pillar banks', 'food giant', 'Kerry Group', 'record levels', 'January 1st', 'cheap diversifier', 'Endeavour Mining', 'copper prices', 'biggest laggards', 'Record highs', 'European markets', 'Financial markets', 'deep divisions', 'Wall Street', 'tariff uncertainties', 'double-digit gains', 'Bellwether chipmaker', 'Additional reporting', 'FTSE 100 index', 'trading period', 'little trading', 'Trading activity', 'broadest index', 'The Cac', 'The Dax', 'record year', 'tumultuous year', 'world stocks', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Wednesday', 'likes', 'London', 'muted', 'hands', 'company', 'Thursday', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'PTSB', 'close', '16 years', 'shortened', 'underperformance', 'Britain', 'expectations', 'strength', 'financials', 'miners', 'appeal', 'bouts', 'support', 'Fresnillo', 'Antofagasta', 'back', 'surging', 'gold', 'silver', 'contrast', 'Bunzl', 'Diageo', 'reach', '2021 peak', 'stellar', 'region', 'banking', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'Friday', 'MSCI', 'investors', 'policymakers', 'euphoria', 'course', 'losses', 'Microsoft', 'Broadcom', 'Nvidia', 'beneficiaries', 'Agencies', '0.3', '0.4', '37', '9', '0.18']",2025-12-31,2026-01-01,irishtimes.com
54524,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2025/12/31/wishes-for-a-happy-new-year-above-all-cooperative-banks-are-seeking-investors-who-will-join-the-swiss-franc-restructuring-firefighters-and-police-officers-in-intralot/,Wishes for a Happy New Year (above all)  cooperative banks are seeking investors  who will join the Swiss franc restructuring  firefighters and police officers in Intralot!,The background behind the shipping deals of the GreeksThe post Wishes for a Happy New Year (above all)  cooperative banks are seeking investors  who will join the Swiss franc restructuring  firefighters and police officers in Intralot! appeared first on Prot…,Newsroom December 31 09:46Greetings. Today we are starting the last Dark Room of 2025  with wishes for health and happiness in the salvific new year 2026  until we speak again  God willing  on Monday  January 5. Until then  and with the permission of our good farmers who are slightly relaxing the roadblocks  we will be able to go on holiday or at least move around the Greek countryside  probably with somewhat more wintry weather. Perhaps even with a little snow—don’t imagine anything dramatic. Otherwise  it seems that there must have been a lot of backlash in society against the tactics and behavior of the farmers who block the roads (something… more than what fell on the government)  and that’s why they decided to step a bit aside and open the roads somewhat so people can go on their holidays or return to their homes. An era of frenzy… The truth is that in all the years I’ve been working  I don’t remember a single time  under any government  when the prime minister called a professional group—farmers or anyone else—to dialogue and they refused to go and instead sent an ultimatum. You might say  here we saw a soldier—indeed from the Special Forces—speaking at a protest rally about the budget  and the KKE and SYRIZA issuing statements because he was removed from the Special Forces and even received a prison sentence in the Army. Incredible things  right? Really  what would happen in Russia or China or Cuba if a conscript went to demonstrations—don’t the KKE or SYRIZA tell us? Of course  this is not allowed even in normal Western democracies  nor does the Greek Constitution allow it.Carols and coffeesIn any case  the government and parties are slowing down these days and until the beginning of next week things will be relaxed. Tasoulas  Mitsotakis  and the political leaders will listen to the customary carols today  and then each will take the road for the last gifts they need to buy and for the New Year’s Eve dinner. Mitsotakis was supposed to give an interview on SKAI radio  but it was postponed. In any case  he will stay within the city walls  and on New Year’s Day he will honor the… customs  that is  service at the Metropolis and then coffee with Tasoulas at Da Capo in Kolonaki Square  despite the biting cold that morning. And after that  off with the yoke  since after many years the rather outdated custom of New Year’s greetings at the Presidential Mansion was “cut.”ATHEX: “For reasons of transparency and legal certainty”The Capital Market Commission asked ATHEX—for reasons of clarity—to inform the investing public what happened with the previous General Meeting  the invitation to shareholders  whether anything was approved or not  etc. After the intervention  ATHEX issued an announcement that it is convening again the extraordinary General Meeting on 20/1/26  because “it was deemed necessary due to procedural issues of convening the GM of the 22nd  during which in any case no relevant decisions were taken.” The announcement concludes that the Meeting must be repeated “for reasons of transparency and legal certainty.”The first plans of Euronext: Streamlining ATHEX operationsMeanwhile  the future president of ATHEX  who is now awaiting January 20 to assume his duties  Camil Beutin  is an Euronext executive specializing in energy and has worked for more than three decades at Euronext Oslo and Nord Pool (an energy platform owned by Euronext). He is coming to Athens with a specific agenda that he will immediately put into action. He will start with the introduction of new exchange products (e.g. ETFs  which are particularly popular in Amsterdam) and at the same time will try to include Greek mid-cap listed companies (from €200 to €500 million) on other Euronext platforms  in countries where they already have export activity and are known. His goal is to broaden the reach of listed companies with shareholder-investors from countries where Euronext operates. It also appears  however  that the (necessarily) president-in-waiting Camil Beutin intends to “dig into” some files with issues that fall within the logic of rationalization and streamlining of ATHEX’s operations.Bank of Epirus received signals for JanuaryOn December 15  the Executive Act of the Governor (EPATh) of the Bank of Greece was issued regarding the conditions for converting cooperative banks into public limited companies. Essentially  the BoG gave the green light to the four cooperative banks (Karditsa  Chania  Epirus  Thessaly) to obtain a nationwide license provided they have minimum share capital of €18 million. The Bank of Epirus held an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders on December 29 to convert into a public limited company  in order to open the way for the entry of strategic investor Peter Nomikos  who has expressed his intention to invest €30 million. Information suggests that the management of the Bank of Epirus now has clear indications that the fit & proper approval of P. Nomikos will come from the SSM within January  and therefore it is preparing the ground for a €30 million share capital increase. It is important that the capital increase will take place without dilution  but at the book value of the Bank of Epirus—though we will see this.All cooperative banks are seeking a strategic investorBased on the EPATh of the Bank of Greece  the former Cooperative Banks must adjust their own funds no later than March 31  2026  and of course must have completed the process of converting into public limited companies in order to attract investors. Information indicates that Cooperative Bank of Thessaly is one step closer to the entry of a strategic investor; Karditsa has already expanded into neighboring prefectures but has not yet announced a broadening of its shareholder base; while in Chania  Ioannis Michos  coming from London  has joined as Executive Member of the Board with the goal of capital strengthening. The issue of capital is extremely important  since banking is now a very expensive business. Whether a bank has 1 branch or 100 branches  the very costly IT systems must be installed  supervisory capital must be available  and auditing procedures must be complete and operational. The game has started  and the efforts to capture market shares will be of exceptional interest.Teachers  police officers  and firefighters in IntralotA significant number of domestic mutual funds have taken positions in Intralot. As shown by the company’s shareholder register at the recent General Meeting  the largest positions are held by Alpha Bank and Optima mutual funds (Optima Greek Balanced  Optima Greek Equity) with approximately 6.6 million shares each; the National Asset Management mutual funds with approximately 5.6 million shares; while a significant position continues to be held by K. Antonopoulos  former CEO of the company  with approximately 9.2 million shares. Beyond that  there are smaller positions held by pension funds such as the Teachers Retirement System of Texas  funds for police officers and firefighters of New Jersey  mutual funds of Vanguard  Aviva  BlackRock  MorningStar  etc.Swiss franc: Who will ultimately say “yes” to the restructuringBanks have already started running their models for Swiss franc loans  as the new year brings developments. In about two months  borrowers will be called upon to decide whether they will join the restructuring  making a decision that will determine the course of their loan from now on. Banks are trying to determine the acceptance mix of the restructuring  since this is what will lead them to accurately calculate their provisions. According to banks’ estimates  those who can join the restructuring are borrowers without income criteria  and they will do so if their loan is not particularly mature. If  however  it is mature  given that their interest rate increases from 0% plus a 1% spread to 2.90%  they have no reason to do so. On the other hand  banks estimate that the greatest interest in the restructuring will come from those entitled to higher haircuts  based on income criteria. For this group  joining the restructuring may prove to be more attractive and a substantial relief  since the haircut reaches 50% and the interest rate 2.30%. However  a significant issue arises here: to what extent these particular borrowers can service the restructuring. It is worth highlighting an important advantage for many borrowers with a long repayment horizon: by converting the loan into euros  they essentially start from a point of departure where from then on they will see the outstanding balance of their loan gradually decrease—something that until now did not happen  due to the continuous appreciation of the Swiss franc.25 listed companies have closed 280 meetings in ParisOn January 29  2026  a Thursday  the Piraeus Bank roadshow with companies listed on the Athens Exchange will finally take place at the famous Espace Cléry in Paris. Participation has already been locked in for 21 listed companies  and an impressively large number of one-on-one meetings with investors—more than 280—has been recorded. There is particular activity and interest for the “newcomers” to this institution  smaller-cap companies such as Profile  Alumil  AVAX  and Alter Ego. On the banking side  participation has already been confirmed (also with many meetings) by Alpha Bank  Piraeus Bank  and Bank of Cyprus  followed by Metlen  Motor Oil  TITAN  OPAP  GEK TERNA  PPC  Athens International Airport  Cenergy  ELVALHALCOR  Aegean  HelleniQ Energy  Lamda Development  AVAX  KRI-KRI. Information indicates that the final number of participants will certainly reach 25  provided a sufficient number of one-on-one meetings is secured. Espace Cléry is an imposing  historic building in Paris’s 2nd arrondissement  in the heart of Sentier  and was once the residence of the famous painter Élisabeth Vigée Le Brun. There  the 25 listed companies will paint the future of the Athens Stock Exchange…The background behind the shipping deals of the GreeksGreek shipowners continue to work quietly and methodically  letting their moves speak for themselves. During the festive period  the “hits” were many. On the newbuilding front  Aegean Bulk Co. Inc. closed four 82 000 dwt bulkers at Hengli Shipbuilding (Dalian)  with deliveries in 2027–2028—a move read as a steady investment in capacity  without haste but with a clear horizon. At the same time  Cape Shipping shows it is not moving away from crude: one firm and one optional VLCC 319 000 dwt at Qingdao Beihai Shipyard  for 2028  with scrubbers and a price around $119 million. Details matter here. In tankers  Capital Ship Management added two orders and two optional LR2/Aframax 114 000 dwt at Hengli  for delivery in 2028  discreetly strengthening its portfolio. V Group  on the other hand  opted for containers: two feeder 1 930 TEU at Guangzhou Wenchong Shipyard  LNG dual-fuel  with deliveries 2028–2029. Those who follow the trends take notes. And in LPG  Benelux Overseas proceeded with two VLACs 93 000 cbm at HD Hyundai in South Korea  also dual-fuel  with delivery in 2028—a move showing persistence in a specific strategic path. In second-hand tonnage  the Greeks were not absent. The capesize ANTONIS ANGELICOUSSIS (177 855 dwt  2007  Shanghai Waigaoqiao) changed hands at $20.5 million to Greek interests  while Oceanstar Management Inc. acquired the Ultramax IVS WINDSOR (60 279 dwt  2016  Oshima) with cranes  for $26 million. At the same time  Greek-controlled vessels were also on the sellers’ side: the Handysize APHRODITE M (36 000 dwt  2011  SPP) at $12.5 million  as well as the pair of Post-Panamax PORTO KAGIO and PORTO GERMENO (5 908 / 5 570 TEU  2002  Koyo Dockyard)  linked to Costamare  at $17 million each. The background shows that these are not spasmodic moves. Over the last twelve months  Greek interests count 132 new orders  158 second-hand purchases  and 14 sales for recycling. As 2025 reached its end  the picture is clear: fleet renewal  careful choices  and a game played without noise but with clear targeting.Navios: Premium now  but with timing riskThe three-year charter of Navios Destiny of Navios  interests of Angeliki Frangou  at $34 000 per day from Cosco shows that the company is selling market strength in the present  securing premium revenues for a vessel whose age under other conditions would pressure rates. From analysts’ perspective  this is clearly accretive for upcoming results and improves the short-term cash flow picture. However  timing matters. The question is not whether the deal is good today—because it is. It is whether  in 18 or 24 months  the market will be higher or lower than these levels. Navios appears to be choosing certainty over optionality. For Wall Street  this is neither right nor wrong. It is simply a clear stance on how it currently reads the container shipping cycle.Petros Panagiotidis’ reverse splitIn the language of Wall Street analysts  Robin Energy’s move constitutes an act of compliance. The 1:5 reverse split was not carried out to change the narrative  but to close a technical risk: the loss of the Nasdaq’s $1 minimum price requirement. With the stock at $0.71  the management of Petros Panagiotidis chose the most direct and institutionally acceptable path. The result—a price of $3.58—restores the relationship with the market without creating expectations that cannot be supported. The $1 million buyback that preceded it is read by funds as a signal of stabilization  not as an aggressive positioning. At the same time  the data from the LPG carriers provide what managers are looking for: cash-flow visibility. Contracts with well-known counterparties  locked-in revenues of more than $5.5 million  and coverage of 59% of days for 2026 are not impressive  but they reduce risk. That is exactly what is reflected in the models. Robin  a spin-off of Toro Corp  is not attempting a high-profile repositioning. It demonstrates discipline with market rules and a focus on operational performance  with the MR tanker following the seasonal improvement in charter rates. For institutional investors  the message is clear: no promises of capital gains  predictability  and remaining on the board.The first victim of 2026 will be the yenHedge funds are very much like sharks. Once they smell blood  they rush to devour whatever is still alive. At this time  many hedge funds have taken positions against the Japanese yen at levels that strongly resemble the crisis of July 2024. More than 85 000 contracts of net short positions were recorded on December 14  betting on further weakening of the Japanese currency. It all starts with the interest-rate differential between the dollar and the yen  which today reaches as much as 3 percentage points. The Bank of Japan  despite the recent rate hikes it deemed necessary  is moving cautiously so as not to choke growth. The problem  however  lies in Japan’s real interest rates. They remain negative  since inflation is running faster than the BoJ’s rates. Those who hold yen-denominated accounts see their purchasing power eroding and are seeking more profitable deposit options. This is a classic déjà vu. Around this time last year  the dollar–yen exchange rate had exceeded 160  forcing the Ministry of Finance to proceed with immediate intervention to support the national currency. Some believe the same will happen this year. That is why they are taking short positions  expecting intervention.The U.S. stock market is flying. But not all of it…Everyone admires the U.S. stock indices  their resilience and momentum. But indices do not tell the whole truth. The 10 largest companies on Wall Street now account for 22% of global stock market capitalization. This is the highest level of the past 50 years. The top five alone reach 15%. It is a historic record. Goldman Sachs processed a chart of funding spreads that reveals the other side of the story. Professional investors are moving with extreme caution. Funding spreads are dropping sharply despite the upward course of the S&P 500. This divergence is a classic warning: when large institutional investors reduce their leverage even as the market rises  they are usually pricing in major turbulence. Concentration in a few stocks—the famous “Magnificent Seven” and a few more technology giants—creates the illusion of diversification. All investment advisors urge diversification: don’t put all your eggs in one basket  diversify your investment choices. An investor who thinks that by holding a global index ETF they are diversified  in reality has 22% of their exposure in just 10 companies. In roughly the same sector. Obviously  these 10 companies stand out today for their size and prospects. But if there is a sudden change of scenery  if something changes in laws and regulations  what will happen? Already today  investors in Artificial Intelligence companies are no longer satisfied with potential; they want concrete results after three years of gigantic investments. But what if those investments do not deliver as expected? What if something unforeseen happens?,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.26,0.52,True,English,"['Happy New Year', 'Swiss franc restructuring', 'cooperative banks', 'police officers', 'Wishes', 'investors', 'firefighters', 'Intralot', '€30 million share capital increase', 'The Capital Market Commission', 'Greek mid-cap listed companies', 'minimum share capital', 'normal Western democracies', 'public limited companies', 'public limited company', 'last Dark Room', 'previous General Meeting', 'extraordinary General Meeting', 'new exchange products', 'four cooperative banks', 'other Euronext platforms', 'Greek countryside', 'Greek Constitution', 'investing public', 'last gifts', 'The Bank', 'salvific new', 'New Year', 'wintry weather', 'little snow', 'single time', 'prime minister', 'Special Forces', 'protest rally', 'prison sentence', 'next week', 'political leaders', 'Eve dinner', 'SKAI radio', 'city walls', 'Da Capo', 'Kolonaki Square', 'biting cold', 'Presidential Mansion', 'legal certainty', 'relevant decisions', 'first plans', 'Camil Beutin', 'three decades', 'Nord Pool', 'specific agenda', 'same time', 'export activity', 'Executive Act', 'green light', 'nationwide license', 'strategic investor', 'Peter Nomikos', 'clear indications', 'proper approval', 'P. Nomikos', 'Euronext executive', 'Euronext Oslo', 'Incredible things', 'customary carols', 'many years', 'procedural issues', 'future president', 'energy platform', 'good farmers', 'ATHEX operations', 'Newsroom', 'Greetings', 'wishes', 'health', 'happiness', 'Monday', 'January', 'permission', 'roadblocks', 'holiday', 'lot', 'backlash', 'society', 'tactics', 'behavior', 'roads', 'government', 'people', 'homes', 'frenzy', 'truth', 'dialogue', 'ultimatum', 'soldier', 'budget', 'KKE', 'SYRIZA', 'statements', 'Army', 'Russia', 'China', 'Cuba', 'conscript', 'demonstrations', 'coffees', 'case', 'parties', 'beginning', 'Tasoulas', 'Mitsotakis', 'interview', 'customs', 'service', 'Metropolis', 'yoke', 'outdated', 'reasons', 'transparency', 'clarity', 'invitation', 'shareholders', 'intervention', 'announcement', 'GM', '22nd', 'duties', 'Athens', 'action', 'introduction', 'ETFs', 'Amsterdam', 'countries', 'goal', 'reach', 'shareholder-investors', 'files', 'logic', 'rationalization', 'streamlining', 'Epirus', 'signals', 'December', 'Governor', 'EPATh', 'Greece', 'conditions', 'BoG', 'Karditsa', 'Chania', 'Thessaly', 'order', 'way', 'entry', 'intention', 'Information', 'management', 'fit', 'SSM', 'ground']",2025-12-31,2026-01-01,en.protothema.gr
